title	year	summary
Mixer-First Receiver with wide-RF Range	2019	In the Passive Mixer first receiver, four mosfet, and four baseband impedancecan synthesize High-Q bandpass filter. This on-chip High-Q bandpass filter canreplace bulky, expensive and off-chip SAW filters. The impedance which is seenby the antenna is tuned by switch resistance of the Passive Mixer and the inputimpedance of the Trans-impedance amplifier (baseband impedance) to matchantenna impedance. The gain of the feedback loop of the TIA controls the inputimpedance of the TIA. Further, M baseband impedance can be replaced by M/4complex impedance. This complex impedance provides a wide RF range by changingthe transconductance.
Complex impedance measurements of calorimeters and bolometers:  correction for stray impedances	2007	Impedance measurements provide a useful probe of the physics of bolometersand calorimeters. We describe a method for measuring the complex impedance ofthese devices. In previous work, stray impedances and readout electronics ofthe measurement apparatus have resulted in artifacts in the impedance data. Thenew technique allows experimenters to find an independent Thevenin or Nortonequivalent circuit for each frequency. This method allows experimenters toeasily isolate the device impedance from the effects of parasitic impedancesand frequency dependent gains in amplifiers.
Impedance of a sphere oscillating in an elastic medium with and without  slip	2006	The dynamic impedance of a sphere oscillating in an elastic medium isconsidered. Oestreicher's formula for the impedance of a sphere bonded to thesurrounding medium can be expressed simply in terms of three lumped impedancesassociated with the displaced mass and the longitudinal and transverse waves.If the surface of the sphere slips while the normal velocity remainscontinuous, the impedance formula is modified by adjusting the definition ofthe transverse impedance to include the interfacial impedance.
Exact Green's functions and Bosonization of a Luttinger liquid coupled  to impedances	2007	The exact Green's functions of a finite-size Luttinger Liquid (LL) connectedto impedances are computed at zero and finite temperature. Bosonization for aLL with Impedance boundary conditions (IBC) is proven to hold. The LL with openboundary conditions (for both Neumann and Dirichlet cases) is explicitlyrecovered as a special limit when one has infinite impedances. Additionallywhen the impedances are equal to the characteristic impedance of the Luttingerliquid then the finite Luttinger liquid is shown to be effectively equivalentto an infinite Luttinger liquid.
Random scattering by rough surfaces with spatially varying impedance	2019	A method is given for evaluating electromagnetic scattering by an irregularsurface with spatially-varying impedance. This uses an operator expansion withrespect to impedance variation and allows examination of its effects and theresulting modification of the field scattered by the rough surface. For a fixedrough surface and randomly varying impedance, expressions are derived for thescattered field itself, and for the coherent field with respect to impedancevariation for both flat and rough surfaces in the form of effective impedanceconditions.
Stable determination of the surface impedance of an obstacle by far  field measurements	2005	We deal with the inverse scattering problem of determining the surfaceimpedance of a partially coated obstacle. We prove a stability estimate oflogarithmic type for the impedance term by the far field measurements.
Stochastic Impedance	2019	The concept of impedance, which characterises the current response to aperiodical driving, is introduced in the context of stochastic transport. Inparticular, we calculate the impedance for an exactly solvable model, namelythe stochastic transport of particles through a single-level quantum dot.
The Leontovich boundary conditions and calculation of effective  impedance of inhomogeneous metal	2001	We bring forward rather simple algorithm allowing us to calculate theeffective impedance of inhomogeneous metals in the frequency region where thelocal Leontovich (the impedance) boundary conditions are justified. Theinhomogeneity is due to the properties of the metal or/and the surfaceroughness. Our results are nonperturbative ones with respect to theinhomogeneity amplitude. They are based on the recently obtained exact resultfor the effective impedance of inhomogeneous metals with flat surfaces.One-dimension surfaces inhomogeneities are examined. Particular attention ispaid to the influence of generated evanescent waves on the reflectioncharacteristics. We show that if the surface roughness is rather strong, theelement of the effective impedance tensor relating to the p- polarization stateis much greater than the input local impedance. As examples, we calculate: i)the effective impedance for a flat surface with strongly nonhomogeneousperiodic strip-like local impedance; ii) the effective impedance associatedwith one-dimensional lamellar grating. For the problem (i) we also presentequations for the forth lines of the Pointing vector in the vicinity of thesurface.
Frequency Resolved Measurement of Longitudinal Impedances Using  Transient Beam Diagnostics	2001	In this paper we present several techniques for characterizing longitudinalimpedances based on transient measurements of the growth rates and tune shiftsof unstable coupled-bunch modes. These techniques are applicable to measurementof both fundamental and higher-order mode impedances and allow characterizationof shunt impedances and quality factors of the HOMs. Methods presented here arecomplementary to lab bench measurements of RF cavities, in that the beam basedmeasurements directly sense the physical impedance in the installedconfiguration. In contrast to a single-bunch integrated impedance measurementthese techniques resolve the impedances in the frequency domain. These methodsallow determination of the impedance's unaliased frequency by analyzingsynchronous phase transients. Experimental results from ALS and BESSY-II arepresented showing the use of these techniques to measure complex impedances.
On simultaneous identification of the shape and generalized impedance  boundary condition in obstacle scattering	2013	"We consider the inverse obstacle scattering problem of determining both theshape and the ""equivalent impedance"" from far field measurements at a fixedfrequency. In this work, the surface impedance is represented by a second ordersurface differential operator (refer to as generalized impedance boundarycondition) as opposed to a scalar function. The generalized impedance boundarycondition can be seen as a more accurate model for effective impedances and iswidely used in the scattering problem for thin coatings. Our approach is basedon a least square optimization technique. A major part of our analysis is tocharacterize the derivative of the cost function with respect to the boundaryand this complex surface impedance configuration. In particular, we provide anextension of the notion of shape derivative to the case where the involvedimpedance parameters do not need to be surface traces of given functions, whichleads (in general) to a non-vanishing tangential boundary perturbation. Theefficiency of considering this type of derivative is illustrated by several 2Dnumerical experiments based on a (classical) steepest descent method. Thefeasibility of retrieving both the shape and the impedance parameters is alsodiscussed in our numerical experiments."
High Frequency Impedances in European XFEL	2010	The method of the optical approximation is used to estimate the highfrequency impedances of different vacuum chamber transitions of the EuropeanXFEL beam line. The approximations of the longitudinal impedances are obtainedin terms of simple one-dimensional integrals. The transverse impedances arewritten in analytical closed form. The analytical results are compared with theresults obtained by numerical solution of Maxwell's equations.
On the importance of producing small impedance particles with prescribed  boundary impedance	2017	The problem of practical preparing small impedance particles with aprescribed boundary impedance is formulated and its importance in physics andtechnology is discussed. It is shown that if this problem is solved then onecan easily prepare materials with a desired refraction coefficient andmaterials with a desired radiation pattern.
Impedances of Laminated Vacuum Chambers	2012	Longitudinal and transverse impedances are derived for round and flatlaminated vacuum chambers.
Design of Tensor Impedance Transmitarrays For Polarization Control	2014	Tensor impedance transmitarrays consist of layers of tensor impedancesurfaces, separated by dielectric spacers. Because the surface impedance ofeach layer is a tensor, an arbitrarily polarized incident field is scatteredinto its constituent TE and TM components. This gives rise to transmitarrayscapable of altering the polarization state of an incident field. Various tensorimpedance transmitarray have been proposed in the literature to alter thepolarization, however no comprehensive methodology has been proposed to designthese structures. In this work we propose a procedure for designing tensorimpedance transmitarrays using multi-conductor transmissionline (MTL) theory.We treat the transmitarray by modelling free-space and the dielectric spacersas an MTL supporting TE and TM modes with each tensor impedance surface as ashunt load along the MTL. By using simple MTL concepts we can design atransmitarray to be reflectionless while controlling the transmission throughthe layers and thus the transmitted polarization state. We demonstrate thisprocedure for two classes of tensor impedance transmitarrays while alsovalidating the design using full-wave simulation. The first class are symmetrictransmitarrays which can alter a given incident polarization state into adesired polarization state. The second class are asymmetric transmitarrayswhich can also implement chiral polarization effects such as a linearpolarization rotation and a circular polarization selectivity.
A Batteryless Sensor ASIC for Implantable Bio-impedance Applications	2015	The measurement of the biological tissue's electrical impedance is an activeresearch field that has attracted a lot of attention during the last decades.Bio-impedances are closely related to a large variety of physiologicalconditions; therefore, they are useful for diagnosis and monitoring in manymedical applications. Measuring living tissues, however, is a challenging taskthat poses countless technical and practical problems, in particular if thetissues need to be measured under the skin. This paper presents a bio-impedancesensor ASIC targeting a battery-free, miniature size, implantable device, whichperforms accurate 4-point complex impedance extraction in the frequency rangefrom 2 kHz to 2 MHz. The ASIC is fabricated in 150 nm CMOS, has a size of 1.22mm x 1.22 mm and consumes 165 uA from a 1.8 V power supply. The ASIC isembedded in a prototype which communicates with, and is powered by an externalreader device through inductive coupling. The prototype is validated bymeasuring the impedances of different combinations of discrete components,measuring the electrochemical impedance of physiological solution, andperforming ex vivo measurements on animal organs. The proposed ASIC is able toextract complex impedances with around 1 Ohm resolution; therefore enablingaccurate wireless tissue measurements.
The Impedance of Flat Metallic Plates with Small Corrugations	2017	Summarizes recent work on the wakefields and impedances of flat, metallicplates with small corrugations
Impedance Control of a Transfemoral Prosthesis using Continuously  Varying Ankle Impedances and Multiple Equilibria	2019	Impedance controllers are popularly used in the field of lower limbprostheses and exoskeleton development. Such controllers assume the joint to bea spring-damper system described by a discrete set of equilibria and impedanceparameters. Said parameters are estimated via a least squares optimization thatminimizes the difference between the controller's output torque and human jointtorque. Other researchers have used perturbation studies to determine empiricalvalues for ankle impedance. The resulting values vary greatly from the priorleast squares estimates. While perturbation studies are more credible, theyrequire immense investment. This paper extended the least squares approach toreproduce the results of perturbation studies. The resulting impedanceparameters were successfully tested on a powered transfemoral prosthesis, AMPROII. Further, the paper investigated the effect of multiple equilibria on theleast square estimation and the performance of the impedance controller.Finally, the paper uses the proposed least squares optimization method toestimate knee impedance.
An Effective EMTR-Based High-Impedance Fault Location Method for  Transmission Lines	2020	This paper summarizes first the electromagnetic time reversal (EMTR)technique for fault location, and further numerically validates itseffectiveness when the fault impedance is negligible. In addition, a specificEMTR model considering the fault impedance is derived, and the correctness ofthe model derivation is verified by various calculation methods. Based on this,we found that when the fault impedance is large, the existing EMTR methodsmight fail to accurately locate the fault. We propose an EMTR method thatimproves the location effect of high-impedance faults by injecting double-endedsignals simultaneously. Theoretical calculations show that this method canachieve accurate location for high-impedance faults. To further illustrate theeffectiveness, the proposed method is compared with the existing EMTR methodsand the most commonly used traveling wave-based method using wavelet transform.The simulation results show that the proposed double-ended EMTR method caneffectively locate high-impedance faults, and it is more robust againstsynchronization errors compared to the traveling wave method. In addition, theproposed method does not require the knowledge or the a priori guess of theunknown fault impedance.
Simulations of Coaxial Wire Measurements of the Impedance of Asymmetric  Structures	2011	Coaxial wire measurements have provided a simple and effective way to measurethe beam coupling impedance of accelerator structures for a number of years. Ithas been known how to measure the longitudinal and dipolar transverse impedanceusing one and two wires for some time. Recently the ability to measure thequadrupolar impedance of structures exhibiting top/bottom and left/rightsymmetry has been demonstrated. A method for measuring the beam couplingimpedance of asymmetric structures using displaced single wires and two wiremeasurements is proposed. Simulations of the measurement system are presentedwith further work proposed.
Electrochemical Impedance of a Battery Electrode with Anisotropic Active  Particles	2013	Electrochemical impedance spectra for battery electrodes are usuallyinterpreted using models that assume isotropic active particles, having uniformcurrent density and symmetric diffusivities. While this can be reasonable foramorphous or polycrystalline materials with randomly oriented grains, modernelectrode materials increasingly consist of highly anisotropic,single-crystalline, nanoparticles, with different impedance characteristics. Inthis paper, analytical expressions are derived for the impedance of anisotropicparticles with tensorial diffusivities and orientation-dependent surfacereaction rates and capacitances. The resulting impedance spectrum containsclear signatures of the anisotropic material properties and aspect ratio, aswell as statistical variations in any of these parameters.
A three-arm current comparator bridge, for impedance comparisons over  the complex plane	2014	We present here the concept of three-arm current comparator impedance bridge,which allows comparisons among three unlike impedances. Its purpose is thecalibration of impedances having arbitrary phase angles, against calibratednearly-pure impedances. An analysis of the bridge optimal setting and properoperation is presented. To test the concept, a two terminal-pairdigitally-assisted bridge has been realized; measurements of an air-coreinductor and of an RC network versus decade resistance and capacitancestandards, at kHz frequency, have been performed. The bridge measurements arecompatible with previous knowledge of the standards' values with relativedeviations in the 10^-5 -- 10^-6 range.
LED receiver impedance and its effects on LED-LED visible light  communications	2017	This paper experimentally demonstrates that the AC impedance spectrum of theLED as a photodetector heavily depends on the received optical power, which maycause the impedance mismatch between the LED and the post trans-impedanceamplifier. The optical power dependent impedance of the LED is well fitted by amodified dispersive carrier transport model for inorganic semiconductors. Thebandwidth of the LED-LED visible light communication link is further shown todecrease with the optical power received by the LED. This leads to a trade-offbetween link bandwidth and SNR, and consequently affects the choice of theproper dada modulation scheme.
Effective Impedance over Ordered Fields	2019	In this paper, we study properties of effective impedance of finiteelectrical networks and calculate the effective impedance of a finite laddernetwork over an ordered field. Moreover, we consider two particular examples ofinfinite ladder networks (Feynman's network or LC-network and CL-network, bothwith zero on infinity) as networks over the ordered Levi-Civita field. We show,that effective impedances of finite LC-networks converge to the limit in ordertopology of Levi-Civita field, but the effective impedances of finiteCL-networks do not converge in the same topology.
On the effective impedance of finite and infinite networks	2019	In this paper we deal with the notion of the effective impedance of ACnetworks consisting of resistances, coils and capacitors. Mathematically such anetwork is a locally finite graph whose edges are endowed with complex-valuedweights depending on a complex parameter $\lambda $ (by the physical meaning,$\lambda =i\omega $, where $\omega $ is the frequency of the AC). For finitenetworks, we prove some estimates of the effective impedance. Using theseestimates, we show that, for infinite networks, the sequence of impedances offinite graph approximations converges in certain domains in $\mathbb{C}$ to aholomorphic function of $\lambda$, which allows us to define the effectiveimpedance of the infinite network.
Metamaterial insertions for resistive-wall beam-coupling impedance  reduction	2019	Resistive-wall impedance usually constitutes a significant percentage of thetotal beamcoupling impedance budget of an accelerator. Reduction techniquesoften entail high electrical-conductivity coatings. This paper investigates theuse of negative-permittivity or negative-permeability materials for sensiblyreducing or theoretically nearly cancelling resistive-wall impedance. Theproposed approach is developed by means of an equivalent transmission-linemodel. The effectiveness of such materials is benchmarked for the negativepermeability case with experimental measurements in two frequency bandwidths.This first-stage study opens the possibility of considering metamaterials forimpedance mitigation.
Impedance Network of Interconnected Power Electronics Systems: Impedance  Operator and Stability Criterion	2018	Impedance is an intuitive and efficient way for dynamic representation ofpower electronics devices. One of the evident strengths, when compared to othersmall-signal methods, is the natural association with circuit theory. Thismakes them possible to be connected through basic circuit laws. However,careful attention should be paid when making this association since theimpedances obtained through linearization are local variables, often referredto locally defined reference frames. To allow the operations of theseimpedances using basic circuit laws, a unified reference has to be defined.Though this issue was properly addressed on the state-space models, a thoroughanalysis and a clarification regarding the unified impedances and stabilityeffects are still missing. This paper aims to bridge this gap by introducingthe Impedance Operator (IO) and associated properties to the development ofimpedance networks. First, the IO for both the AC coupled and AC/DC coupledsystems are presented and verified through impedance measurements in PSCAD.Then, three types of impedance network-based stability criterions are presentedalong with a clarification on the consistency of stability conclusions.Finally, the Nyquist-based analysis is explored, regarding the sensitivity topartition points, to open the discussion on the identification of systems weakpoints.
Effective Surface Impedance of Polycrystals Under Conditions of  Anomalous Skin-Effect	2000	The effective impedance of strongly anisotropic polycrystals has beeninvestigated under the conditions of extremely anomalous skin effect. We wereinterested in finding out how the value of the effective impedance depends onthe geometry of the Fermi surface of a single crystal grain. The previouslyobtained nonperturbative solution based on the application of the impedance(the Leontovich) boundary conditons was used to calculate the effectiveimpedance of a polycrystalline metal. When the Fermi surface is a surface ofrevolution, the expression for the effective impedance is rather simple. Somemodel Fermi surfaces were examined. In the vicinity of the electronictopological transition the singularities of the effective impedance related tothe change of the topology of the Fermi surface were calculated. Our resultsshow that though a polycrystal is an isotropic medium in average, it is notsufficient to consider it as a metal with an effective spherical Fermi surface,since this can lead to the loss of some characteristic features of extremelyanomalous skin effect in polycrystals.
Giant magneto-impedance in Ag-doped La0.7Sr0.3MnO3	2006	The resistive and reactive parts of the magneto-impedance of sinteredferromagnetic samples of La0.7Sr0.3-xAgxMnO3 (x = 0.05, 0.25) have beenmeasured at room temperature (<Tc) over frequency interval 1KHz to 15MHz and inpresence of magnetic field up to 4KOe. The field dependence of relative changein resistance is small in KHz region but increases strongly for higherfrequency of excitation. The maximum value of relative change in resistance atH =4KOe was found to be around 70% at 15MHz frequency.On the contrary thecorresponding change in reactance has less frequency sensitivity and themaximum occurs at 1MHz frequency. The magneto-impedance is negative for allfrequencies. The 'normalized magneto-impedance' as defined by[Z(H)-Z(0)]/[Z(0)-Z(4K)] when plotted against scaled field H/H1/2 is found tobe frequency independent ; H1/2 is the field where 'normalizedmagneto-impedance' is reduced to half its maximum. A phenomenological formulafor magneto-impedance Z (H) in ferromagnetic material is proposed based on Padeapproximant. The formula for Z (H) predicts the scaled behavior of 'normalizedmagneto-impedance'.
Optical approximation in the theory of geometric impedance	2007	In this paper we introduce an optical approximation into the theory ofimpedance calculation, one valid in the limit of high frequencies. Thisapproximation neglects diffraction effects in the radiation process, and isconceptually equivalent to the approximation of geometric optics inelectromagnetic theory. Using this approximation, we derive equations for thelongitudinal impedance for arbitrary offsets, with respect to a referenceorbit, of source and test particles. With the help of the Panofsky-Wenzeltheorem we also obtain expressions for the transverse impedance (also forarbitrary offsets). We further simplify these expressions for the case of thesmall offsets that are typical for practical applications. Our finalexpressions for the impedance, in the general case, involve two dimensionalintegrals over various cross-sections of the transition. We furtherdemonstrate, for several known axisymmetric examples, how our method is appliedto the calculation of impedances. Finally, we discuss the accuracy of theoptical approximation and its relation to the diffraction regime in the theoryof impedance.
Impedance matching and emission properties of optical antennas in a  nanophotonic circuit	2008	An experimentally realizable prototype nanophotonic circuit consisting of areceiving and an emitting nano antenna connected by a two-wire opticaltransmission line is studied using finite-difference time- and frequency-domainsimulations. To optimize the coupling between nanophotonic circuit elements weapply impedance matching concepts in analogy to radio frequency technology. Weshow that the degree of impedance matching, and in particular the impedance ofthe transmitting nano antenna, can be inferred from the experimentallyaccessible standing wave pattern on the transmission line. We demonstrate thepossibility of matching the nano antenna impedance to the transmission linecharacteristic impedance by variations of the antenna length and widthrealizable by modern microfabrication techniques. The radiation efficiency ofthe transmitting antenna also depends on its geometry but is independent of thedegree of impedance matching. Our systems approach to nanophotonics providesthe basis for realizing general nanophotonic circuits and a large variety ofderived novel devices.
Broadband impedance of the NESTOR storage ring	2010	We have estimated contributions from the lossy and inductive vacuum chamberomponents to the broadband impedance of the NESTOR storage ring by usinganalytical formulas. As was expected considering the small ring circumference(15.44m), the main contributions both to the longitudinal impedance Z/n and theloss factor k come from the RF-cavity.  Cavity impedance was also estimated with CST Microwave Studio (CST StudioSuite{TM} 2006) by simulating coaxial wire method commonly used for impedancemeasurements. Both estimates agree well. The upper limit of impedance ofelliptic holes in the vacuum chamber of dipole magnet were also obtained withthis approach.  We have also evaluated the bunch length in NESTOR taking the conservativeestimate of 3 Ohm for the ring broadband impedance and have found that thebunch length sigma_z= 0.5 cm could be obtained for the designed bunch currentof 10 mA and RF-voltage of 250 kV.
Effects of Nanoparticle Geometry and Size Distribution on Diffusion  Impedance of Battery Electrodes	2012	"The short diffusion lengths in insertion battery nanoparticles render thecapacitive behavior of bounded diffusion, which is rarely observable withconventional larger particles, now accessible to impedance measurements.Coupled with improved geometrical characterization, this presents anopportunity to measure solid diffusion more accurately than the traditionalapproach of fitting Warburg circuit elements, by properly taking into accountthe particle geometry and size distribution. We revisit bounded diffusionimpedance models and incorporate them into an overall impedance model fordifferent electrode configurations. The theoretical models are then applied toexperimental data of a silicon nanowire electrode to show the effects ofincluding the actual nanowire geometry and radius distribution in interpretingthe impedance data. From these results, we show that it is essential to accountfor the particle shape and size distribution to correctly interpret impedancedata for battery electrodes. Conversely, it is also possible to solve theinverse problem and use the theoretical ""impedance image"" to infer thenanoparticle shape and/or size distribution, in some cases, more accuratelythan by direct image analysis. This capability could be useful, for example, indetecting battery degradation in situ by simple electrical measurements,without the need for any imaging."
Tunable microwave impedance matching to a high impedance source using a  Josephson metamaterial	2014	We report the efficient coupling of a $50\,\Omega$ microwave circuit to ahigh impedance conductor. We use an impedance transformer consisting of a$\lambda/4$ co-planar resonator whose inner conductor contains an array ofsuperconducting quantum interference devices (SQUIDs), providing the resonatorwith a large and tunable lineic inductance $\mathcal{L}\sim 80 \mu_0$,resulting in a large characteristic impedance $Z_C\sim 1\,\mathrm{k}\Omega$.The impedance matching efficiency is characterized by measuring the shot noisepower emitted by a dc biased high resistance tunnel junction connected to theresonator. We demonstrate matching to impedances in the $15$ to$35\,\mathrm{k}\Omega$ range with bandwidths above $100\,\mathrm{MHz}$ around aresonant frequency tunable in the $4$ to $6\,\mathrm{GHz}$ range.
Impedance Measurements of the Extraction Kicker System for the Rapid  Cycling Synchrotron of China Spallation Neutron Source	2015	The fast extraction kicker system is one of the most important acceleratorcomponents, whose inner structure will be the main source of the impedance inthe RCS. It is necessary to understand the kicker impedance before itsinstallation into the tunnel. The conventional and improved wire methods areemployed for the benchmarking impedance measurement results. The simulation andmeasurements confirm that the window-frame ferrite geometry and the end plateare the important structures causing the coupling impedance. The totalimpedance of the eight modules systems is determined by the scaling law fromthe measurement and the impedance measurement of the kicker system issummarized.
Design of an impedance matching acoustic bend	2017	We propose the design of an impedance matching acoustic bend in this article.The bending structure is composed of sub-wavelength unit cells with perforatedplates and side pipes, whose mass density and bulk modulus can be tunedsimultaneously. So the refraction index and the impedance of the acoustic bendcan be modulated simultaneously to guarantee both the bending effect and thehigh transmission. The simulation results of sound pressure field distributionshow that the bending effect of the impedance matching acoustic bend is verygood. Transmission spectra of the impedance matching acoustic bend and theacoustic bend composed of perforated plates only are both calculated forcomparison. The results indicate that the impedance matching acoustic bend issuccessful in improving the impedance ratio and increasing the transmissionobviously.
Theory of Impedance Spectroscopy for Lithium Batteries	2019	In this article, we derive and discuss a physics-based model for impedancespectroscopy of lithium batteries. Our model for electrochemical cells withplanar electrodes takes into account the solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI) asporous surface film. We present two improvements over standard impedancemodels. Firstly, our model is based on a consistent description of lithiumtransport through electrolyte and SEI. We use well-defined transportparameters, e.g., transference numbers, and consider convection of thecenter-of-mass. Secondly, we solve our model equations analytically and statethe full transport parameter dependence of the impedance signals. Ourconsistent model results in an analytic expression for the cell impedanceincluding bulk and surface processes. The impedance signals due toconcentration polarizations highlight the importance of electrolyte convectionin concentrated electrolytes. We simplify our expression for the compleximpedance and compare it to common equivalent circuit models. Such simplifiedmodels are good approximations in concise parameter ranges. Finally, we compareour model with experiments of lithium metal electrodes and find largetransference numbers for lithium ions. This analysis reveals that lithium-iontransport through the SEI has solid electrolyte character.
Design and experimental demonstration of impedance-matched circular  polarization selective surfaces with spin-selective phase modulations	2020	This paper presents the design and experimental demonstration of animpedance-matched circular polarization selective surface which also offersspin-selective phase modulations at microwave frequencies. We achieve this byleveraging the theory of Pancharatnam-Berry phase and cascading four tensorimpedance layers, each comprising an array of crossed meander lines. Thesemeander lines are precisely tuned and rotated to implement particular tensorsurface impedance values to satisfy the impedance-matching condition for thetransmitted right-handed circularly-polarized field while inducingPancharatnam-Berry phase shift for the reflected left-handedcircularly-polarized field. We present a detailed numerical synthesis techniqueto obtain the required impedance values for satisfying the impedance matchingcondition, and demonstrate spin-selective phase modulations based onPancharatnam-Berry phase shifts. To verify the proposed idea, we experimentallydemonstrate nearly-reflectionless transmission of right-handed circularpolarization at broadside and reflection of left-handed circular polarizationat 30 degrees off broadside at 12 GHz. For this purpose, a free-spacequasi-optical set up and a near-field measurement system are respectivelyemployed for measuring the transmitted and reflected circularly-polarizedfields.
Range Improvement in Single-Beam Phased Array Radars by Amplifier  Impedance Tuning	2020	Significant radar range degradation can be incurred due to variations inantenna impedance from changing array scan angle. Element-wise reconfigurableimpedance tuners can be used to optimally match the power amplifier device;however, the impedance matching can also affect the array pattern. In thispaper, the effects of element-wise impedance tuning on the transmitted powerand on the array pattern are studied, and an approach is recommended for theelement-wise implementation of impedance tuners. Examples of impact on arraypattern and transmitted power are given using simulation of a designedswitched-stub impedance tuner. As a result of these experiments, guidelines aredeveloped for the creation of real-time circuit optimization techniques in thearray elements.
Simple and accurate analytical model of planar grids and high-impedance  surfaces comprising metal strips or patches	2007	This paper introduces simple analytical formulas for the grid impedance ofelectrically dense arrays of square patches and for the surface impedance ofhigh-impedance surfaces based on the dense arrays of metal strips or squarepatches over ground planes. Emphasis is on the oblique-incidence excitation.The approach is based on the known analytical models for strip grids combinedwith the approximate Babinet principle for planar grids located at a dielectricinterface. Analytical expressions for the surface impedance and reflectioncoefficient resulting from our analysis are thoroughly verified by full-wavesimulations and compared with available data in open literature for particularcases. The results can be used in the design of various antennas and microwaveor millimeter wave devices which use artificial impedance surfaces andartificial magnetic conductors (reflect-array antennas, tunable phase shifters,etc.), as well as for the derivation of accurate higher-order impedanceboundary conditions for artificial (high-) impedance surfaces. As an example,the propagation properties of surface waves along the high-impedance surfacesare studied.
Coupled and decoupled impedance models compared in power electronics  systems	2016	This paper provides a comparative analysis of impedance models for powerelectronic converters and systems for the purpose of stability investigations.Such models can be divided into either decoupled models or matrix models. Adecoupled impedance model is highly appealing since theSingle-Input-Single-Output (SISO) structure makes the analysis and resultinterpretation very simple. On the other hand, matrix impedance models are moreaccurate, and in some cases necessary. Previous works have applied variousapproximations to obtain decoupled models, and both the dq- and sequencedomains have been used. This paper introduces the terms decoupled andsemi-decoupled impedance models in order to have a clear classification of theavailable approximations.  The accuracy of 4 decoupled impedance models are discussed based on theconcept of Mirror Frequency Coupling (MFC). By definition the decoupled modelsbased on sequence domain impedances will be exact for systems without MFC. Inthe general case, they are expected to be more accurate than the decoupleddq-impedance models. The paper defines a norm $\epsilon$ to measure the degreeof coupling in the impedance matrices. This norm equals the error in theeigenvalue loci between the matrix and semi-decoupled models. This can also beviewed as the error in the semi-decoupled Nyquist plot.  An example case study consisting of a grid-connected VSC with currentcontroller and PLL is used to compare the different methods. It is found thatdecoupled and semi-decoupled models in the dq-domain are only applicable ingrids with very low X/R-ratio. Furthermore, it is concluded that the decoupledmodel in the sequence domain gives close to equal results as the semi-decoupledmodel.
Impedance control of a cable-driven SEA with mixed $H_2/H_\infty$  synthesis	2019	Purpose: This paper presents an impedance control method with mixed$H_2/H_\infty$ synthesis and relaxed passivity for a cable-driven serieselastic actuator to be applied for physical human-robot interaction.  Design/methodology/approach: To shape the system's impedance to match adesired dynamic model, the impedance control problem was reformulated into animpedance matching structure. The desired competing performance requirements aswell as constraints from the physical system can be characterized withweighting functions for respective signals. Considering the frequencyproperties of human movements, the passivity constraint for stable human-robotinteraction, which is required on the entire frequency spectrum and may bringconservative solutions, has been relaxed in such a way that it only restrainsthe low frequency band. Thus, impedance control became a mixed $H_2/H_\infty$synthesis problem, and a dynamic output feedback controller can be obtained.  Findings: The proposed impedance control strategy has been tested for variousdesired impedance with both simulation and experiments on the cable-drivenseries elastic actuator platform. The actual interaction torque tracked wellthe desired torque within the desired norm bounds, and the control input wasregulated below the motor velocity limit. The closed loop system can guaranteerelaxed passivity at low frequency. Both simulation and experimental resultshave validated the feasibility and efficacy of the proposed method.  Originality/value: This impedance control strategy with mixed $H_2/H_\infty$synthesis and relaxed passivity provides a novel, effective and lessconservative method for physical human-robot interaction control.
Transverse Beam Stability with Low-Impedance Collimators in the High  Luminosity Large Hadron Collider: Status and Challenges	2019	The High-Luminosity upgrade of the Large Hadron Collider (HL-LHC) will doubleits beam intensity for the needs of High Energy Physics frontier. In order toensure coherent stability until the beams are put in collision, the transverseimpedance has to be reduced. As the major portion of the ring impedance issupplied by its collimation system, several low resistivity jaw materials havebeen proposed to lower the collimator impedance and a special collimator hasbeen built and installed in the machine to study their effect. The results showa significant reduction of the resistive wall tune shift with novel materials,in agreement with the impedance model and the bench impedance and resistivitymeasurements. The largest improvement is obtained with a 5 {\mu}m Molybdenumcoating of a Molybdenum-Graphite jaw. This coating can lower the machineimpedance by up to 30% and the stabilizing Landau octupole threshold by up to120 A. The collimators to be upgraded have been chosen based on the improvementof the octupole threshold, as well as the tolerance to steady state losses andfailure scenarios. A half of the overall improvement can be obtained by coatingthe jaws of a subset of 4 out of 11 collimators identified as the highestcontributors to machine impedance. This subset of low-impedance collimators isbeing installed during the Long Shutdown 2 in 2019-2020.
Simulation of stress-impedance effects in low magnetostrictive films	2006	A theoretical study of stress-impedance effect based on the solution ofLandau-Lifsitz-Gilbert equation has been carried out. The results show thatstress impedance effects depend largely on several extrinsic (external biasfield, external frequency) and intrinsic (orientation and magnitude of uniaxialanisotropy, damping) parameters.
Beam Coupling Impedances of Small Discontinuities	2000	A general derivation of the beam coupling impedances produced by smalldiscontinuities on the wall of the vacuum chamber of an accelerator isreviewed. A collection of analytical formulas for the impedances of smallobstacles is presented.
Impedance-matched Hyperlens	2007	We propose an approach to optical imaging beyond the diffraction limit, basedon transformation optics in concentric circular cylinder domains. The resultingsystems allow image magnification and minimize reflection losses due to theimpedance matching at the input or output boundaries. While perfect impedancematching at both surfaces can only be obtained in a system withradius-dependent magnetic permeability, we demonstrate that comparableperformance can be achieved in an optimized non-magnetic design.
Reconstruction of a potential from the impedance boundary map	2012	"We give formulas and equations for finding generalized scattering data forthe Schr\""odinger equation in open bounded domain at fixed energy from theimpedance boundary map (or Robin-to-Robin map). Combining these results withresults of the inverse scattering theory we obtain efficient methods forreconstructing potential from the impedance boundary map."
Impact of Grid Impedance Variations on Harmonic Emission of  Grid-Connected Inverters	2016	This paper addresses harmonic magnification due to resonance circuitsresulting from interaction between uncertain grid impedance and converter. Thesource of harmonic may be either the grid or inverter. It is demonstrated thatunknown and unpredictable grid impedance may result in variable resonancefrequency, which challenges robust design of LCL filter of inverter.
Cloak Imperfect: Impedance	2017	I investigate the scattering properties of transformation devices as thetraditional impedance matching criteria are altered. This is demonstrated usingsimple theory and augmented by numerical simulations that investigate the roleof impedance rescaling. Results are presented for transformation devices in acylindrical geometry, but the lessons apply to both simpler and morecomplicated transformation devices. One technique used here is the use ofimpulsive field inputs, so that scattered fields are more easily distinguishedfrom non-scattered fields.
Parallel-Plate Waveguides Formed by Arbitrary Impedance Sheets	2019	In this work, we introduce and study parallel-plate-waveguide structures thatare formed by two penetrable metasurfaces having arbitrary sheet impedances. Weinvestigate the guided modes which can propagate in such structures and derivethe corresponding dispersion relations. Different scenarios including series-and parallel-resonant impedance sheets are considered. The obtained theoreticalformulas are applied to predict the dispersion properties for differentseparations between the two symmetric or asymmetric metasurfaces.
Model to study interplay between Beamstrahlung and coupling impedance in  future lepton colliders	2020	A semi-analytical model has been developed to study a combined effect ofBeamstrahlung due to beam-beam interaction and beam coupling impedance in thefuture lepton colliders CEPC and FCCee. This model allows evaluating an impactof the coupling impedance on the bunch length and energy spread in collision.The model is benchmarked against numerical simulations. Analytical estimatesfor the supercolliders are presented.
Impedances and Power Losses for an Off-Axis Beam	1996	A method for calculating coupling impedances and power losses for off-axisbeams is developed. It is applied to calculate impedances of small localizeddiscontinuities like holes and slots, as well as the impedance due to a finiteresistivity of chamber walls, in homogeneous chambers with an arbitrary shapeof the chamber cross section. The approach requires to solve a two-dimensionalelectrostatic problem, which can be easily done numerically in the generalcase, while for some particular cases analytical solutions are obtained.
High-Frequency Impedance of Driven Superlattices	2001	The complex impedance of a semiconductor superlattice biased into the regimeof negative differential conductivity and driven by an additional GHz acvoltage is computed. From a simulation of the nonlinear spatio-temporaldynamics of traveling field domains we obtain strong variations of theamplitude and phase of the impedance with increasing driving frequency. Theseserve as fingerprints of the underlying quasiperiodic or frequency lockingbehavior. An anomalous phase shift appears as a result of phase synchronizationof the traveling domains. If the imaginary part of the impedance is compensatedby an external inductor, both the frequency and the intensity of theoscillations strongly increase.
Complex impedance of a spin injecting junction	2002	Theory of the ac spin injection from a ferromagnetic electrode into a normalconductor through a tunnel or Schottky contact is developed. Diffusion andrelaxation of non-equilibrium spins results in a frequency dependent compleximpedance controlled by the spin relaxation rates and the resistances involved.Explicit expression for the impedance is presented. Experimental investigationof the frequency dependence of the impedance should allow measuring spinrelaxation times in both conductors, their effective resistances, and also theparameters of the contact controlling the spin injection.
Peano High Impedance Surfaces	2004	Following our previous work on metamaterial high-impedance surfaces made ofHilbert curve inclusions, here we theoretically explore the performance of thehigh-impedance surfaces made of another form of space-filling curve known asthe Peano curve. This metamaterial surface, formed by a 2-D periodicarrangement of Peano curve inclusions, is located above a conducting groundplane and is shown to exhibit a high surface impedance surface at certainspecific frequencies. Our numerical study reveals the effect of the iterationorder of the Peano curve, the surface height above the conducting ground planeand the separation distance between adjacent inclusions.
Numerical Reconstruction of the Linac Beam De-bunching in the  DC-operated Booster	2005	It is difficult for us to measure the Booster ring impedance up to the GHzrange due to the instrumentation limit. Since the de-bunching process in theLinac to Booster transfer is determined by the complex impedance of the Boosterring, one can obtain an impedance model, which has the best match to themachine impedance, just by searching the optimal fit between the simulated andmeasured turn-by-turn resistive wall signal (RWS).
Input Impedance, Nanocircuit Loading, and Radiation Tuning of Optical  Nanoantennas	2007	Here we explore the radiation features of optical nanoantennas, analyzing theconcepts of input impedance, optical radiation resistance, impedance matchingand loading of plasmonic nanodipoles. We discuss how the concept of antennaimpedance may be applied to optical frequencies, and how its quantity may beproperly defined and evaluated. We exploit these concepts in optimization ofnanoantenna loading by optical nanocircuit elements, extending classic conceptsof radio-frequency antenna theory to the visible regime for the proper designand matching of plasmonic nanoantennas.
Input Impedance and Gain of a Gigahertz Amplifier Using a DC SQUID in a  Quarter Wave Resonator	2008	Due to their superior noise performance, SQUIDs are an attractive alternativeto high electron mobility transistors for constructing ultra-low-noisemicrowave amplifiers for cryogenic use. We describe the use of a lumped elementSQUID inductively coupled to a quarter wave resonator. The resonator acts as animpedance transformer and also makes it possible for the first time toaccurately measure the input impedance and intrinsic microwave characteristicsof the SQUID. We present a model for input impedance and gain, compare it tothe measured scattering parameters, and describe how to use the model for thesystematic design of low-noise microwave amplifiers with a wide range ofperformance characteristics.
On the determination of the boundary impedance from the far field  pattern	2009	We consider the Helmholtz equation in the half space and suggest two methodsfor determining the boundary impedance from knowledge of the far field patternof the time-harmonic incident wave. We introduce a potential for which the farfield patterns in specially selected directions represent its Fouriercoefficients. The boundary impedance is then calculated from the potential byan explicit formula or from the WKB approximation. Numerical examples are givento demonstrate efficiency of the approaches. We also discuss the validity ofthe WKB approximation in determining the impedance of an obstacle.
Impedance of the single electron transistor at radio-frequencies	2011	We experimentally characterise the impedance of a single electron transistor(SET) at an excitation frequency comparable to the electron tunnel rate.Differently from usual rf-SET operations, the excitation signal is applied tothe gate of the device. At zero source-drain bias the single electrontransistor displays both resistive (Sisyphus resistance) and reactive(tunnelling capacitance) components to its impedance. We study the biasdependence of the complex impedance, investigating its response as the electrontunnel rate becomes large with respect to the driving frequency. Theexperimental data are compared to values calculated from a master equationmodel.
Anomalous Surface Impedance in a Normal-metal/Superconductor Junction  with a Spin-active Interface	2012	We discuss the surface impedance (Z=R-iX) of a normal-metal/superconductorproximity structure taking into account the spin-dependent potential at thejunction interface. Because of the spin mixing transport at the interface,odd-frequency spin-triplet s-wave Cooper pairs penetrate into the normal metaland cause the anomalous response to electromagnetic fields. At low temperature,the local impedance at a surface of the normal metal shows the nonmonotonictemperature dependence and the anomalous relation R>X. We also discuss apossibility of observing such anomalous impedance in experiments.
Realization of GHz-frequency impedance matching circuits for nano-scale  devices	2012	Integrating nano-scale objects, such as single molecules or carbon nanotubes,into impedance transformers and performing radio-frequency measurements allowsfor high time-resolution transport measurements with improved signal-to-noiseratios. The realization of such transformers implemented with superconductingtransmission lines for the 2-10 GHz frequency range is presented here.Controlled electromigration of an integrated gold break junction is used tocharacterize a 6 GHz impedance matching device. The real part of the RFimpedance of the break junction extracted from microwave reflectometry at amaximum bandwidth of 45 MHz of the matching circuit is in good agreement withthe measured direct current resistance.
Four-contact impedance spectroscopy of conductive liquid samples	2011	We present an improved approach to the impedance spectroscopy of conductiveliquid samples using four-electrode measurements. Our method enables impedancemeasurements of conductive liquids down to the sub-Hertz frequencies, avoidingthe electrode polarization effects that usually cripple standard impedanceanalysers. We have successfully tested our apparatus with aqueous solutions ofpotassium chloride and gelatin. The first substance has shown flat spectra from$\sim$100 kHz down to sub-Hz range, while the results on gelatin clearly showthe existence of two distinct low frequency conductive relaxations.
Modeling high impedance connecting links and cables below 1 Hz	2012	High impedance connecting links and cables are modeled at low frequency interms of their impedance to ground and to neigbouring connecting links. Theimpedance is usually considered to be the parallel combination of a resistanceand a capacitance. While this model is adequate at moderate and low frequency,it proved to be not satisfactory at very low frequency, in the fractions of Hzrange. Deep characterization was carried out on some samples down to 10 uHz,showing that an additional contribution to capacitance can emerge. A model wasdeveloped to explain and account for this additional contribution.
A method to adjust the impedance of the transmission line in a  Multi-Strip Multi-Gap Resistive Plate Counter	2017	While in a triggered experiment the matching of the RPC transmission lineimpedance with the one of the front-end electronics is less critical, for atrigger-less data recording this becomes mandatory. As expected, impedancematching is not straightforward when other requirements in terms of time andposition resolutions, efficiency and granularity, have to be fulfilled in thesame time. A method and the very first results obtained with a RPC prototypebuilt based on it, presented in this paper, show that the impedance matching,independent of its granularity, can be achieved using an innovativearchitecture of the RPC.
Stress - and Magneto-Impedance in Co71-xFexCr7Si8B14 (x = 0, 2)  amorphous ribbons	2006	Systematic measurements of stress impedance (SI) and magneto-impedance (MI)have been carried out using Co-rich amorphous ribbons of nominal compositionCo71-xFexCr7Si8B14 (x = 0, 2) at various excitation frequencies and bias fieldsand at room temperature. The impedance, Z, for both the samples was found to bevery sensitive functions of applied tensile stress (up to 100MPa) exhibiting amaximum SI ratio as much as 80% at low frequency ~ 0.1MHz. The nature ofvariation of impedance, Z, changes with the excitation frequency especially athigher frequencies in MHz region where it exhibits a peak. Magnetizationmeasurements were also performed to observe the effects of applied stress andmagnetization decreases with the application of stress confirming the negativemagnetostriction co-efficient of both the samples. Both the samples exhibitednegative magneto-impedance when the variation of Z is observed with the appliedbias magnetic field, H. Maximum MI ratio as large as 99% has been observed forboth the samples at low fields ~ 27Oe. The impedance as functions of appliedmagnetic field, Z(H), decreases with the application of stress thus making theMI curves broader. Based on the electromagnetic screening and magnetizationdynamics and incorporating the Gilbert and the Bloch-Bloembergen damping andstress dependent anisotropy, the SI has been calculated and is found todescribe well the stress and field dependence of impedance of the two samples.
Wake and Impedance	2000	A systematic exposition of the basic concepts of wakes and impedances isgiven for relativistic beams in accelerators.
Thermal correction to the Casimir force, radiative heat transfer, and an  experiment	2007	The low-temperature asymptotic expressions for the Casimir interactionbetween two real metals described by Leontovich surface impedance are obtainedin the framework of thermal quantum field theory. It is shown that the Casimirentropy computed using the impedance of infrared optics vanishes in the limitof zero temperature. By contrast, the Casimir entropy computed using theimpedance of the Drude model attains at zero temperature a positive value whichdepends on the parameters of a system, i.e., the Nernst heat theorem isviolated. Thus, the impedance of infrared optics withstands the thermodynamictest, whereas the impedance of the Drude model does not. We also perform aphenomenological analysis of the thermal Casimir force and of the radiativeheat transfer through a vacuum gap between real metal plates. Thecharacterization of a metal by means of the Leontovich impedance of the Drudemodel is shown to be inconsistent with experiment at separations of a fewhundred nanometers. A modification of the impedance of infrared optics issuggested taking into account relaxation processes. The power of radiative heattransfer predicted from this impedance is several times less than previouspredictions due to different contributions from the transverse electricevanescent waves. The physical meaning of low frequencies in the Lifshitzformula is discussed. It is concluded that new measurements of radiative heattransfer are required to find out the adequate description of a metal in thetheory of electromagnetic fluctuations.
Upper bounds for Total Cross Section in scattering by an obstacle with  impedance boundary conditions	2008	The scalar scattering of a plane wave by a smooth obstacle with impedanceboundary conditions is considered. Upper bounds for the Total Cross Section andfor the absorbed power are presented.
Stability for the determination of unknown boundary and impedance with a  Robin boundary condition	2010	We consider an inverse problem arising in corrosion detection. We prove astability result of logarithmic type for the determination of the corrodedportion of the boundary and impedance by two measurements on the accessibleportion of the boundary.
The Characteristic States of the Magnetotelluric Impedance Tensor:  Construction, Analytic Properties and Utility in the Analysis of General  Earth Conductivity Distributions	2014	It is shown that the Magnetotelluric (MT) impedance tensor admits ananti-symmetric generalized eigenvalue - eigenstate decomposition consistentwith the anti-symmetry of electric and magnetic fields referred to the samecoordinate frame: this is achieved by anti-diagonalization through rotation by2x2 complex operators of the SU(2) rotation group. The eigenstates comprisesimple proportional relationships between linearly polarized eigenvalues of theinput magnetic and output electric field along the locally resistive andconductive propagation path into the Earth, respectively mediated by themaximum and minimum characteristic values of the tensor (eigen-impedances). Itis shown from first principles that the eigen-impedances are expected to bepositive real (passive) functions, analytic in the entire lower-half complexfrequency plane and with singularities confined on the positive imaginaryfrequency axis. Insofar as the impedance tensor is generated by isometrictransformation of the eigen-impedances, it is also passive. The expectedpassivity is an effective means of appraising measured tensors for compliancewith the basic tenets of the MT method: it can be violated only in the presenceof sources in the Earth. In addition to extrinsic effects (e.g. noise), it isdemonstrated with examples, that such sources may be secondary large or smallscale inductive phenomena generated by realistic conductivity configurations.However, they may not be time-independent effects taking place in a passiveinduction context, such as steady-state current channelling, galvanicdistortion and electric field reversals. In general, to assert whetherviolation of passivity has occurred, it is necessary to decompose the impedancetensor, refer it to its intrinsic coordinate frame and evaluate the complianceof the eigen-impedances with their expected analytic properties
Adaptive Filtering to Enhance Noise Immunity of Impedance and Admittance  Spectroscopy: Comparison with Fourier Transformation	2017	The time-domain technique for impedance spectroscopy consists of computingthe excitation voltage and current response Fourier images by fast or discreteFourier transformation and calculating their relation. Here we propose analternative method for excitation voltage and current response processing forderiving a system impedance spectrum based on a fast and flexible adaptivefiltering method. We show the equivalence between the problem of adaptivefilter learning and deriving the system impedance spectrum. To be specific, weexpress the impedance via the adaptive filter weight coefficients. Thenoise-canceling property of adaptive filtering is also justified. Using the RLCcircuit as a model system, we experimentally show that adaptive filteringyields correct admittance spectra and elements ratings in the high-noiseconditions when the Fourier-transform technique fails. Providing the additionalsensitivity of impedance spectroscopy, adaptive filtering can be applied tootherwise impossible-to-interpret time-domain impedance data. The advantages ofadaptive filtering are justified with practical living-cell impedancemeasurements.
A modified sequence domain impedance definition and its equivalence to  the dq-domain impedance definition for the stability analysis of AC power  electronic systems	2016	Representations of AC power systems by frequency dependent impedanceequivalents is an emerging technique in the dynamic analysis of power systemsincluding power electronic converters. The technique has been applied fordecades in DC-power systems, and it was recently adopted to map the impedancesin AC systems. Most of the work on AC systems can be categorized in twoapproaches. One is the analysis of the system in the \textit{dq}-domain,whereas the other applies harmonic linearization in the phase domain throughsymmetric components. Impedance models based on analytical calculations,numerical simulation and experimental studies have been previously developedand verified in both domains independently. The authors of previous studiesdiscuss the advantages and disadvantages of each domain separately, but neithera rigorous comparison nor an attempt to bridge them has been conducted. Thepresent paper attempts to close this gap by deriving the mathematicalformulation that shows the equivalence between the \textit{dq}-domain and thesequence domain impedances. A modified form of the sequence domain impedancematrix is proposed, and with this definition the stability estimates obtainedwith the Generalized Nyquist Criterion (GNC) become equivalent in both domains.The second contribution of the paper is the definition of a \textit{MirrorFrequency Decoupled} (MFD) system. The analysis of MFD systems is less complexthan that of non-MFD systems because the positive and negative sequences aredecoupled. This paper shows that if a system is incorrectly assumed to be MFD,this will lead to an erroneous or ambiguous estimation of the equivalentimpedance.
Non-parametric Impedance based Stability and Controller Bandwidth  Extraction from Impedance Measurements of HVDC-connected Wind Farms	2017	Impedance measurements have been widely used with the Nyquist plot toestimate the stability of interconnected power systems. Being a black-boxmethod for equivalent and aggregated impedance estimation, its use for theidentification of sub-components bandwidth is not a straightforward task. Thispaper proposes a simple method that will enable to identify the specific partof the equivalent impedance (e.g. controller's bandwidth) that has major impacton the stability of the system. For doing that, the paper analyses thestability of an interconnected system of wind farms and high voltage dc (HVDC)transmission system. The impedance frequency responses of the wind farms andHVDC system from the ac collection point are measured and it is shown by themethod proposed in this paper, which controller has major impact in theobserved oscillation. A mitigation technique is proposed based on re-tuning ofthe critical controller bandwidth of the interconnected converters. The methodsuggested can reveal the internal controllers' dynamics of the wind farm fromthe measured impedance combined with an analytical expression of the impedanceand a transfer function identity when no information about the controllers isprovided by the vendors due to confidentiality and industry secrecy.
Realization of Biquadratic Impedance as Five-Element Bridge Networks	2017	"This report includes the original manuscript and the supplementary materialof ""Realization of Biquadratic Impedance as Five-Element Bridge Networks""."
Generalized-impedance and Stability Criterion for Grid-connected  Converters	2017	The output impedance matrix of a grid-connected converter plays an importantrole in analyzing system stability. Due to the dynamics of the DC-link controland the phase locked loop (PLL), the output impedance matrices of the converterand grid are difficult to be diagonally decoupled simultaneously, neither inthe dq domain nor in the phase domain. It weakens the effectiveness ofimpedance-based stability criterion (ISC) in system oscillation analysis. Tothis end, this paper innovatively proposes the generalized-impedance basedstability criterion (GISC) to reduce the dimension of the transfer functionmatrix and simplify system small-signal stability analysis. Firstly, theimpedances of the converter and the grid in polar coordinates are formulated,and the concept of generalized-impedance of the converter and the grid is putforward. Secondly, through strict mathematical derivation, the equation thatimplies the dynamic interaction between the converter and the grid is thenextracted from the characteristic equation of the grid-connected convertersystem. Using the proposed method, the small-signal instability of system canbe interpreted as the resonance of the generalized-impedances of the converterand the grid. Besides, the GISC is equivalent to ISC when the dynamics of theouter-loop control and PLL are not considered. Finally, the effectiveness ofthe proposed method is further verified using the MATLAB based digitalsimulation and RT-LAB based hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation.
Analytical Impedance Models for Very Short Bunches	2018	We discuss several analytical models for impedances of very short bunches.The approximate analytical models are compared with direct solution of Maxwellsequations.
Influence of dielectric layers on estimates of diffusion coefficients  and concentrations of ions from impedance spectroscopy	2018	We present the analysis of the impedance spectra for a binary electrolyteconfined between blocking electrodes with dielectric layers. An expression forthe impedance is derived from Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations in the linearapproximation taking into account the voltage drop on the dielectric layer. Theanalysis shows, that characteristic features of the frequency dependence of theimpedance are determined by the ratio of the Debay length and the effectivethickness of the dielectric layer. The impact of the dielectric layer isespecially strong in the case of high concentrated electrolytes, where theDebay length is small and thus comparable to the effective thickness of thedielectric layer. To verify the model, measurements of the impedance spectraand transient currents in a liquid crystal 4-n-pentyl-4'-cyanobiphenyl (5CB)confined between polymer-coated electrodes in cells of different thicknessesare performed. The estimates for the diffusion coefficient and ionconcentration in 5CB obtained from the analysis of the impedance spectra andthe transient currents are consistent and agree with previously reported data.We demonstrate that calculations of the ion parameters from the impedancespectra without taking into account the dielectric layer contribution lead inmost cases to incorrect results. Application of the model to analyze violationsof the low-frequency impedance scaling and contradictions in the estimates ofthe ion parameters recently found in some ionic electrolytes are discussed.
Review of impedance-induced instabilities and their possible mitigation  techniques	2020	In this paper a review of some important impedance-induced instabilities arebriefly described for both the longitudinal and transverse planes. The maintools used nowadays to predict these instabilities and some considerationsabout possible mitigation techniques are also presented.
Anisotropic Dependence of Giant Magneto-Impedance of Amorphous  Ferromagnetic Ribbon on Biasing Field	2006	The magneto-impedance (MI) in amorphous ribbon of nominal compositionFe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 has been measured at 1MHz and at room temperature fordifferent configurations of exciting a.c and biasing d.c. fields. A large dropin both resistance and reactance is observed as a function of d.c magneticfield. When the d.c and a.c fields are parallel but normal to the axis ofribbon, smaller magnetic field is needed to reduce the impedance to its smallsaturated value compared to the situation when fields are along the axis ofribbon. Larger d.c. field is required to lower the impedance when the d.c fieldacts perpendicular to the plane of the ribbon. Such anisotropy inmagneto-impedance is related to the anisotropic response of the magnetizationof ribbon. The large change of impedance is attributed to large variation ofa.c permeability on the direction and magnitude of the dc biasing field.
Theory of impedance networks: The two-point impedance and LC resonances	2006	We present a formulation of the determination of the impedance between anytwo nodes in an impedance network. An impedance network is described by itsLaplacian matrix L which has generally complex matrix elements. We show that bysolving the equation L u_a = lambda_a u_a^* with orthonormal vectors u_a, theeffective impedance between nodes p and q of the network is Z = Sum_a [u_{a,p}- u_{a,q}]^2/lambda_a where the summation is over all lambda_a not identicallyequal to zero and u_{a,p} is the p-th component of u_a. For networks consistingof inductances (L) and capacitances (C), the formulation leads to theoccurrence of resonances at frequencies associated with the vanishing oflambda_a. This curious result suggests the possibility of practicalapplications to resonant circuits. Our formulation is illustrated by explicitexamples.
A Multisection Broadband Impedance Transforming Branch-Line Hybrid	2001	Measurements and design equations for a two section impedance transforminghybrid suitable for MMIC applications and a new method of synthesis formultisection branch-line hybrids are reported. The synthesis method allows theresponse to be specified either of Butterworth or Chebyshev type. Bothsymmetric (with equal input and output impedances) and non-symmetric (impedancetransforming) designs are feasible. Starting from a given number of sections,type of response, and impedance transformation ratio and for a specifiedmidband coupling, power division ratio, isolation or directivity ripplebandwidth, the set of constants needed for the evaluation of the reflectioncoefficient response is first calculated. The latter is used to define adriving point impedance of the circuit, synthesize it and obtain the branchline immittances with the use of the concept of double length unit elements(DLUE). The experimental results obtained with microstrip hybrids constructedto test the validity of the brute force optimization and the synthesizeddesigns show very close agreement with the computed responses.
Coupling Impedances of Small Discontinuities: Dependence on Beam  Velocity	2006	The beam coupling impedances of small discontinuities of an acceleratorvacuum chamber have been calculated [e.g., S.S. Kurennoy, R.L. Gluckstern, andG.V. Stupakov, Phys. Rev. E 52, 4354 (1995)] for ultrarelativistic beams usingthe Bethe diffraction theory. Here we extend the results to an arbitrary beamvelocity. The vacuum chamber is assumed to have an arbitrary, but uniform alongthe beam path, cross section. The longitudinal and transverse couplingimpedances are derived in terms of series over cross-section eigenfunctions,while the discontinuity shape enters via its polarizabilities. Simple explicitformulas for two important particular cases - circular and rectangular chambercross sections - are presented. The impedance dependence on the beam velocityexhibits some unusual features: for example, the reactive impedance, whichdominates in the ultrarelativistic limit, can vanish at a certain beamvelocity, or its magnitude can exceed the ultrarelativistic value many times.In addition, we demonstrate that the same technique, the field expansion into aseries of cross-section eigenfunctions, is convenient for calculating thespace-charge impedance of uniform beam pipes with arbitrary cross section.
Broadband microwave and time-domain terahertz spectroscopy of CVD grown  graphene	2011	We report a study of the complex AC impedance of CVD grown graphene. Wemeasure the explicit frequency dependence of the complex impedance andconductance over the microwave and terahertz range of frequencies using ourrecently developed broadband microwave Corbino and time domain terahertzspectrometers (TDTS). We demonstrate how one may resolve a number of technicaldifficulties in measuring the intrinsic impedance of the graphene layer thatthis frequency range presents, such as distinguishing contributions to theimpedance from the substrate. From our microwave measurements, the AC impedancehas little dependance on temperature and frequency down to liquid heliumtemperatures. The small contribution to the imaginary impedance comes fromeither a remaining residual contribution from the substrate or a smalldeviation of the conductance from the Drude form.
Finite element computation of elliptical vocal tract impedances using  the two-microphone transfer function method	2013	The experimental two-microphone transfer function method (TMTF) is adapted tothe numerical framework to compute the radiation and input impedances ofthree-dimensional vocal tracts of elliptical cross section. In its simplestversion, the TMTF method only requires measuring the acoustic pressure at twopoints in an impedance duct and the postprocessing of the correspondingtransfer function. However, some considerations are to be taken into accountwhen using the TMTF method in the numerical context, which constitute the mainobjective of this paper. In particular, the importance of including absorptionat the impedance duct walls to avoid lengthy numerical simulations is discussedand analytical complex axial wave numbers for elliptical ducts are derived forthis purpose. It is also shown how the plane wave restriction of the TMTFmethod can be circumvented to some extent by appropriate location of thevirtual microphones, thus extending the method frequency range of validity.Virtual microphone spacing is also discussed on the basis of the so calledsingularity factor. Numerical examples include the computation of the radiationimpedance of vowels /a/, /i/ and /u/ and the input impedance of vowel /a/, forsimplified vocal tracts of circular and elliptical cross sections.
Electrode modelling: The effect of contact impedance	2013	The most realistic model for current-to-voltage measurements of electricalimpedance tomography is the complete electrode model which takes into accountelectrode shapes and contact impedances at the electrode/object interfaces.When contact impedances are small, numerical instability can be avoided byreplacing the complete model with the shunt model in which perfect contacts,that is zero contact impedances, are assumed. In the present work we show thatusing the shunt model causes only a (almost) linear error with respect to thecontact impedances in modelling absolute current-to-voltage measurements.Moreover, we note that the electric potentials predicted by the two modelsexhibit genuinely different Sobolev regularity properties. This, in particular,causes different convergence rates for finite element approximation of thepotentials. The theoretical results are backed up by two dimensional numericalexperiments.
Analytic Modeling, Simulation and Interpretation of Broadband Beam  Coupling Impedance Bench Measurements	2014	In the first part of the paper a generalized theoretical approach towardsbeam coupling impedances and stretched-wire measurements is introduced. Appliedto a circular symmetric setup, this approach allows to estimate the systematicmeasurement error due to the presence of the wire. Further, the interaction ofthe beam or the TEM wave, respectively, with dispersive material such asferrite is discussed. The dependence of the obtained impedances on therelativistic velocity $\beta$ is investigated and found as material propertydependent. The conversion formulas for the TEM scattering parameters frommeasurements to impedances are compared with each other and the analyticalimpedance solution. In the second part of the paper the measurements arecompared to numerical simulations of wakefields and scattering parameters. Inpractice, the measurements have been performed for the circularly symmetricexample setup. The optimization of the measurement process is discussed. Thepaper concludes with a summary of systematic and statistic error sources forimpedance bench measurements and their diminishment strategy.
Sensorless Battery Internal Temperature Estimation using a Kalman Filter  with Impedance Measurement	2015	This study presents a method of estimating battery cell core and surfacetemperature using a thermal model coupled with electrical impedancemeasurement, rather than using direct surface temperature measurements. This isadvantageous over previous methods of estimating temperature from impedance,which only estimate the average internal temperature. The performance of themethod is demonstrated experimentally on a 2.3 Ah lithium-ion iron phosphatecell fitted with surface and core thermocouples for validation. An extendedKalman filter, consisting of a reduced order thermal model coupled withcurrent, voltage and impedance measurements, is shown to accurately predictcore and surface temperatures for a current excitation profile based on avehicle drive cycle. A dual extended Kalman filter (DEKF) based on the samethermal model and impedance measurement input is capable of estimating theconvection coefficient at the cell surface when the latter is unknown. Theperformance of the DEKF using impedance as the measurement input is comparableto an equivalent dual Kalman filter using a conventional surface temperaturesensor as measurement input.
Shot noise of a quantum dot measured with GHz stub impedance matching	2015	The demand for a fast high-frequency read-out of high impedance devices, suchas quantum dots, necessitates impedance matching. Here we use a resonantimpedance matching circuit (a stub tuner) realized by on-chip superconductingtransmission lines to measure the electronic shot noise of a carbon nanotubequantum dot at a frequency close to 3 GHz in an efficient way. As compared towide-band detection without impedance matching, the signal to noise ratio canbe enhanced by as much as a factor of 800 for a device with an impedance of 100k$\Omega$. The advantage of the stub resonator concept is the ease with whichthe response of the circuit can be predicted, designed and fabricated. Wefurther demonstrate that all relevant matching circuit parameters can reliablybe deduced from power reflectance measurements and then used to predict thepower transmission function from the device through the circuit. The shot noiseof the carbon nanotube quantum dot in the Coulomb blockade regime shows anoscillating suppression below the Schottky value of $2eI$, as well anenhancement in specific regions.
Well-conditioned boundary integral equation formulations and Nystrm  discretizations for the solution of Helmholtz problems with impedance  boundary conditions in two-dimensional Lipschitz domains	2016	"We present a regularization strategy that leads to well-conditioned boundaryintegral equation formulations of Helmholtz equations with impedance boundaryconditions in two-dimensional Lipschitz domains. We consider both the case ofclassical impedance boundary conditions, as well as the case of transmissionimpedance conditions wherein the impedances are certain coercive operators. Thelatter type of problems is instrumental in the speed up of the convergence ofDomain Decomposition Methods for Helmholtz problems. Our regularizedformulations use as unknowns the Dirichlet traces of the solution on theboundary of the domain. Taking advantage of the increased regularity of theunknowns in our formulations, we show through a variety of numerical resultsthat a graded-mesh based Nystr\""om discretization of these regularizedformulations leads to efficient and accurate solutions of interior and exteriorHelmholtz problems with impedance boundary conditions."
Maximizing switching current of superconductor nanowires via improved  impedance matching	2016	The temporary resistance triggered by phase slip will result in the switchingof superconductor nanowire to a permanent normal state, decreasing theswitching current. In this letter, we propose an improved impedance matchingcircuit that releases the transition triggered by phase slips to the loadresistor through the RF port of a bias tee. The transportation properties withdifferent load resistors indicate that the switching current decreases due tothe reflection caused by impedance mismatching, and is maximized by optimizedimpedance matching. Compared to the same setup without impedance matchingcircuit, the switching current was increased from 8.0 micro A to 12.2 micro Ain a niobium nitride nanowire after releasing the temporary transitiontriggered by phase slips. The leakage process with impedance matching outputs avoltage pulse which enables the user to directly register the transitiontriggered by phase slips. The technique for maximizing the switching currenthas potential practical application in superconductor devices, and thetechnique for counting phase slips may be applied to explore the quantumbehavior of phase slips.
Analysis of claims that the brain extracellular impedance is high and  non-resistive	2016	Numerous measurements in the brain of the impedance between two extracellularelectrodes have shown that it is approximately resistive in the range ofbiological interest, $<10\,$kHz, and has a value close to that expected fromthe conductivity of physiological saline and the extracellular volume fractionin brain tissue. Recent work from the group of Claude B\'edard and AlainDestexhe has claimed that the impedance of the extracellular space is somethree orders of magnitude greater than these values and also displays a$1/\sqrt{f}$ frequency dependence (above a low-frequency corner frequency).Their measurements were performed between an intracellular electrode and anextracellular electrode. It is argued that they incorrectly extracted theextracellular impedance because of an inaccurate representation of the large,confounding impedance of the neuronal membrane. In conclusion, no compellingevidence has been provided to undermine the well established and physicallyplausible consensus that the brain extracellular impedance is low andapproximately resistive
Output Impedance Diffusion into Lossy Power Lines	2017	"Output impedances are inherent elements of power sources in the electricalgrids. In this paper, we give an answer to the following question: What is theeffect of output impedances on the inductivity of the power network? To addressthis question, we propose a measure to evaluate the inductivity of a powergrid, and we compute this measure for various types of output impedances.Following this computation, it turns out that network inductivity highlydepends on the algebraic connectivity of the network. By exploiting the derivedexpressions of the proposed measure, one can tune the output impedances inorder to enforce a desired level of inductivity on the power system.Furthermore, the results show that the more ""connected"" the network is, themore the output impedances diffuse into the network. Finally, using Kronreduction, we provide examples that demonstrate the utility and validity of themethod."
Augmented Sequence Impedance Networks of Grid-tied Voltage Source  Converter for Stability Analysis	2017	Impedance-based stability analysis is appealing in the case of Single-InputSingle-Output (SISO) systems. However, in the case of grid-tied voltage sourceconverter (VSC) systems, dq impedances of source and load (VSC) subsystems aretypically Multi-Input Multi-Output (MIMO) systems in which case the GeneralizedNyquist Criterion (GNC) is required for analyzing the closed loop stability,which increases the complexity of the analysis. This paper explores further thecoupling between positive and negative sequence impedances, in particular thedependency and bindings between them. It shows that the couplings in eachsubsystem can be compounded into two non-coupled sequence impedances if thesource and load subsystems are viewed as an integrated system instead of as twoseparate subsystems. Therefore, two decoupled SISO systems are obtained whichare defined as Augmented Sequence Impedance Networks (ASIN). The stabilityanalysis of the closed loop system is performed directly on the ASIN with theprincipal of Argument. Both numerical and time domain verifications arepresented.
A Generalized-Impedance Based Stability Criterion for Three-Phase  Grid-Connected Voltage Source Converters	2017	The output impedance matrices of three-phase grid-connected voltage sourceconverters (VSCs) are widely used in power system stability analysis.Regardless of how the impedance is modeled, there always exist coupling termsin the impedance matrix, which makes the system a multi-input- multi-output(MIMO) system. Some approximation approaches omit the coupling terms so that athree-phase system can be treated like a single-phase one, and theimpedance-based stability criterion for a single-input-single-output (SISO)system is applicable. However, such handling may result in analytical errors oreven incorrect conclusions in a mirror frequency coupled system. By introducingthe concept of generalized- impedances, this letter proposes a new stabilitycriterion based on a virtual SISO system, which can effectively handle thecoupling terms. Further, the effects of the phase-locked-loop (PLL) parameterson system stability are studied based on the proposed criterion. Theeffectiveness of the proposed criterion is verified by a hardware-in-the-loop(HIL) simulation based on RT-LAB.
New insights into mode behaviours in waveguides with impedance boundary  conditions	2015	In this paper we investigate mode nonorthogonal properties and their effectson the sound power attenuation in a waveguide with impedance boundaryconditions. By introducing two quantities: self-nonorthogonality $K_p$, whichmeasures the nonorthogonality between left and right eigenfunctions of a mode,and mutual-nonorthogonality $S_{ij}$, which measures the nonorthogonalitybetween modes $i$ and $j$, two opposite limiting cases are clearly identifiedin the boundary impedance $\mathbb Z$ plane: one is non-dissipation, i.e.,acoustic rigid, pressure-release, and purely reactive impedance; the other isCremer's optimum impedances which are exceptional points --- a subject hasattracted much attention in recent years in different physical domains.Variations along an arbitrary path in the complex boundary impedance plane,$K_p$ and $S_{i,j}$ varies between the two opposite extremes. It is found that$K_p$ and $S_{i,j}$ play crucial roles in sound power attenuation.
Accurate and reduced SISO Sequence Impedance Models of Grid-tied Voltage  Source Converter for Small Signal Stability Analysis	2017	Impedance models are widely used in assessing small signal stability ofgrid-tied voltage source converter (VSC) systems. Recent research has proventhat impedance models of grid-tied VSC in both dq and sequence domains aregenerally Multi-Input Multi-Output (MIMO) systems, and the generalized Nyquistcriterion has to be applied for stability analysis to these MIMO systems.However, finding Single-Input and Single-Output (SISO) equivalents for thissystem is always appealing because of the simplicity and the convenience forphysical interpretation when assessing the stability, compared to MIMO systems.This paper presents two types of SISO impedance models of grid-tied VSC system,one is derived from the strong grid assumption, and the other is from theclosed-loop equivalence. The accuracy of these models is assessed with respectto the measured impedances in PSCAD/EMTDC, and their effects on the stabilityassessment were analyzed as well. It is proven that the accurate SISO modelgives identical result as the MIMO (matrix-based) impedance model with respectto stability analysis. However, the reduced SISO model may lead to wrongresults if the bandwidth of phase locked loop is large.
Impedance Analysis of Modular Multilevel Converter Based on Harmonic  State-Space Modeling Method	2017	The small-signal impedance modeling of modular multilevel converter (MMC) isthe key for analyzing resonance and stability of MMC-based ac power electronicssystems. MMC is a converter system with a typical multi-frequency response dueto its significant steady-state harmonic components in the arm currents,capacitor voltages, and control signals. Therefore, traditional small-signalmodeling methods for 2-level voltage-source converters (VSCs) cannot bedirectly applied to the MMC. In this paper, the harmonic state-space (HSS)modeling approach is introduced to characterize the harmonic coupling behaviorof the MMC. On this basis, the small-signal impedance models of the MMC aredeveloped according to the harmonic linearization principle, which can includeall the steady-state harmonic effects of the state variables, leading to theaccurate impedance models. Furthermore, in order to reveal the impact of theinternal dynamics and closed-loop control on the small-signal impedance of theMMC, three cases are considered in this paper, i.e., open-loop control, acvoltage closed-loop control, and circulating current closed-loop control.Finally, the analytical impedance models are verified by both simulation andexperimental results.
A simple method for shifting local dq impedance models to a global  reference frame for stability analysis	2017	Impedance-based stability analysis in the dq-domain is a widely appliedmethod for power electronic dominated systems. An inconvenient property withthis method is that impedance models are normally referred to their own localreference frame, and need to be recalculated when referring to a globalreference frame in a given network. This letter presents a simple method fortranslating impedance sub-models within a complex network, from their ownreference frames to any given point in the network. What distinguishes thismethod is that by using a simple rotational matrix, it only needs impedancemodels in their own local reference frames, to be translated to a globalreference in the network. By way of this method, standard circuit analysisrules for series and parallel connection are applicable, as proven in theletter. The method is defined and validated for impedances in the dq andmodified sequence domains, and it is shown that the dependency on referenceframe is marginal in the latter. An additional finding from the application ofthis method is that components or subsystems with a certain symmetry propertycalled Mirror Frequency Decoupling are invariant to the choice of referenceframe.
High Impedance Detector Arrays for Magnetic Resonance	2017	Resonant inductive coupling is commonly seen as an undesired fundamentalphenomenon emergent in densely packed resonant structures, such as nuclearmagnetic resonance phased array detectors. The need to mitigate couplingimposes rigid constraints on the detector design, impeding performance andlimiting the scope of magnetic resonance experiments. Here we introduce a highimpedance detector design, which can cloak itself from electrodynamicinteractions with neighboring elements. We verify experimentally that the highimpedance detectors do not suffer from signal-to-noise degradation mechanismsobserved with traditional low impedance elements. Using this new-foundrobustness, we demonstrate an adaptive wearable detector array for magneticresonance imaging of the hand. The unique properties of the detector glovereveal new pathways to study the biomechanics of soft tissues, and exemplifythe enabling potential of high-impedance detectors for a wide range ofdemanding applications that are not well suited to traditional coil designs.
Wideband impedance measurement in the human ear canal; In vivo study on  32 subjects	2018	The human ear canal couples the external sound field to the eardrum and thesolid parts of the middle ear. Therefore, knowledge of the acoustic impedanceof the human ear is widely used in the industry to develop audio devices suchas smartphones, headsets, and hearing aids. In this study acoustic impedancemeasurements in the human ear canal of 32 adult subjects is presented. Widebandmeasurement techniques developed specifically for this purpose enable impedancemeasurement to be obtained in the full audio band up to 20kHz. Full ear canalgeometries of all subjects are also available from the first of its kind invivo based magnetic resonance imaging study of the human outer ear. These earcanal geometries are used to obtain individual ear moulds of all subjects andto process the data. By utilizing a theoretical Webster's horn description, themeasured impedance is propagated in each ear canal to a common theoreticalreference plane across all subjects. At this plane the mean human impedance andstandard deviation of the population is found. The results are furtherdemographically divided by gender and age and compared to a widely used earsimulator (the IEC711 coupler).
Impedance-Based Stability Analysis for Interconnected Converter Systems  with Open-Loop RHP Poles	2018	Small-signal instability issues of interconnected converter systems can beaddressed by the impedance-based stability analysis method, where the impedanceratio at the point of common connection of different subsystems can be regardedas the open-loop gain, and thus the stability of the system can be predicted bythe Nyquist stability criterion. However, the right-half plan (RHP) poles maybe present in the impedance ratio, which then prevents the direct use ofNyquist curves for defining stability margins or forbidden regions. To tacklethis challenge, this paper proposes a general rule of impedance-based stabilityanalysis with the aid of Bode plots. The method serves as a sufficient andnecessary stability condition, and it can be readily used to formulate theimpedance specifications graphically for various interconnected convertersystems. Experimental case studies validate the correctness of the proposedmethod.
Traveling wave method for simulating geometric beam coupling impedance  of a beamscreen with pumping holes	2019	In particle accelerators, pumping holes in a vacuum chamber can be a sourceof unwanted broadband coupling impedance, leading to beam instabilities.Analytical methods have been previously developed to estimate the impedance ofholes in circular-like chambers e.g. the beamscreen of the Large HadronCollider (LHC). More sophisticated chamber designs like that of the High EnergyLHC (HE-LHC) and the Future Circular Collider (FCC-hh) call for a different wayto calculate the impedance. We propose using decomposition of the wakefieldinto synchronous traveling waves and employing a numerical solver to find theimpedance of each wave. This method is compared to the direct time domainwakefield calculation method and its greater sensitivity to small impedances isshown.
High Impedance Fault Detection and Isolation in Power Distribution  Networks using Support Vector Machines	2019	This paper proposes an accurate High Impedance Fault (HIF) detection andisolation scheme in a power distribution network. The proposed schemes utilizethe data available from voltage and current sensors. The technique employsmultiple algorithms consisting of Principal Component Analysis, FisherDiscriminant Analysis, Binary and Multiclass Support Vector Machine fordetection and identification of the high impedance fault. These data driventechniques have been tested on IEEE 13-node distribution network for detectionand identification of high impedance faults with broken and unbroken conductor.Further, the robustness of machine learning techniques has also been analysedby examining their performance with variation in loads for different faults.Simulation results for different faults at various locations have shown thatproposed methods are fast and accurate in diagnosing high impedance faults.Multiclass Support Vector Machine gives the best result to detect and locateHigh Impedance Fault accurately. It ensures reliability, security anddependability of the distribution network.
Safe rendering of high impedance on a series-elastic actuator with  disturbance observer-based torque control	2019	An important performance metric for series-elastic actuators is the range ofimpedance which they can safely render. Advanced torque control, usingtechniques such as the disturbance observer, improve torque tracking bandwidthand accuracy, but their impact on safe impedance range is not established.However, to define a safe impedance range requires a practical coupledstability condition. Here, passivity-based conditions are proposed for twovariants of DOB torque control, and validated experimentally in ahigh-stiffness environment. While high-gain PD torque control has been shown toreduce Z-width, it is here shown that a DOB reduces the need for high-gain PDfeedback and allows a higher rendered impedance. A dynamic feedforwardcompensator is proposed which increases the maximum safe impedance of the DOB,validated in experimentally in collision with high-stiffness environments andmanual excitation.
Surface impedance and the Casimir force	2001	The impedance boundary condition is used to calculate the Casimir force inconfigurations of two parallel plates and a shpere (spherical lens) above aplate at both zero and nonzero temperature. The impedance approach allows oneto find the Casimir force between the realistic test bodies regardless of theelectromagnetic fluctuations inside the media. Although this approach is anapproximate one, it has wider areas of application than the Lifshitz theory ofthe Casimir force. The general formulas of the impedance approach to the theoryof the Casimir force are given and the formal substitution is found forconnecting it with the Lifshitz formula. The range of micrometer separationsbetween the test bodies which is interesting from the experimental point ofview is investigated in detail. It is shown that at zero temperature theresults obtained on the basis of the surface impedance method are in agreementwith those obtained in framework of the Lifshitz theory within a fraction of apercent. The temperature correction to the Casimir force from the impedancemethod coincides with that from the Lifshitz theory up to four significantfigures. The case of millimeter separations which corresponds to the normalskin effect is also considered. At zero temperature the obtained results havegood agreement with the Lifshitz theory. At nonzero temperature the impedanceapproach is not subject to the interpretation problems peculiar to thezero-frequency term of the Lifshitz formula in dissipative media.
Surface-impedance approach solves problems with the thermal Casimir  force between real metals	2003	The surface impedance approach to the description of the thermal Casimireffect in the case of real metals is elaborated starting from the free energyof oscillators. The Lifshitz formula expressed in terms of the dielectricpermittivity depending only on frequency is shown to be inapplicable in thefrequency region where a real current may arise leading to Joule heating of themetal. The standard concept of a fluctuating electromagnetic field on suchfrequencies meets difficulties when used as a model for the zero-pointoscillations or thermal photons in the thermal equilibrium inside metals.Instead, the surface impedance permits not to consider the electromagneticoscillations inside the metal but taking the realistic material properties intoaccount by means of the effective boundary condition. An independent derivationof the Lifshitz-type formulas for the Casimir free energy and force between twometal plates is presented within the impedance approach. It is shown that theyare free of the contradictions with thermodynamics which are specific to theusual Lifshitz formula for dielectrics in combination with the Drude model. Wedemonstrate that in the impedance approach the zero-frequency contribution isuniquely fixed by the form of impedance function and does not need any of thead hoc prescriptions intensively discussed in the recent literature. As anexample, the computations of the Casimir free energy between two gold platesare performed at different separations and temperatures. It is argued that thesurface impedance approach lays a reliable framework for the futuremeasurements of the thermal Casimir force.
Determination of the functional state of the fruits by parameters of the  electric impedance	2014	Introduction. To assess the freshness of various products are often usedmeasuring impedance module. But due to the structure of plant foods diagnosticvalue should have exactly a complex component of impedance. Article tasked withdeveloping criteria for assessing the functional state of the products subjectto a comprehensive component of the impedance. Research methodology. Todetermine the functional status of the fruit were measured module and phase ofimpedance at the three frequencies of 20, 100 and 500 kHz. Criteria forrecognition of functional status determined by the dynamics of changes in theparameters of the complex impedance due to destructive processes caused bydehydration and putrefaction processes. Data processing and analysis. On thebasis of experimental data obtained at three frequencies modeled frequency andphase response and their changes during losing of freshness and appearance ofdestructive processes. Discussion and conclusions. In fresh and stale fruitmodulus and phase of the impedance at low and high frequencies havecharacteristic differences. But this is especially evident on thephase-frequency characteristic, which can be seen that the value of the phasewith the loss of freshness at low frequency decreases and increases at highmore than twice during one week. Therefore, to assess the functional state offresh and stale products we suggest use phase portraits of phase response.
Acousto-electrical speckle pattern in Lorentz force electrical impedance  tomography	2015	"Ultrasound speckle is a granular texture pattern appearing in ultrasoundimaging. It can be used to distinguish tissues and identify pathologies.Lorentz force electrical impedance tomography is an ultrasound-based medicalimaging technique of the tissue electrical conductivity. It is based on theapplication of an ultrasound wave in a medium placed in a magnetic field and onthe measurement of the induced electric current due to Lorentz force. Similarlyto ultrasound imaging, we hypothesized that a speckle could be observed withLorentz force electrical impedance tomography imaging. In this study, we firstassessed the theoretical similarity between the measured signals in Lorentzforce electrical impedance tomography and in ultrasound imaging modalities. Wethen compared experimentally the signal measured in both methods using anacoustic and electrical impedance interface. Finally, a bovine muscle samplewas imaged using the two methods. Similar speckle patterns were observed. Thisindicates the existence of an ""acousto-electrical speckle"" in the Lorentz forceelectrical impedance tomography with spatial characteristics driven by theacoustic parameters but due to electrical impedance inhomogeneities instead ofacoustic ones as is the case of ultrasound imaging."
A system coupling and Donoghue classes of Herglotz-Nevanlinna functions	2015	"We study the impedance functions of conservative L-systems with the unboundedmain operators. In addition to the generalized Donoghue class $\sM_\kappa$ ofHerglotz-Nevanlinna functions considered by the authors earlier, we introduce""inverse"" generalized Donoghue classes $\sM_\kappa^{-1}$ of functionssatisfying a different normalization condition on the generating measure, witha criterion for the impedance function $V_\Theta(z)$ of an L-system $\Theta$ tobelong to the class $\sM_\kappa^{-1}$ presented.  In addition, we establish a connection between ""geometrical"" properties oftwo L-systems whose impedance functions belong to the classes $\sM_\kappa$ and$\sM_\kappa^{-1}$, respectively. In the second part of the paper we introduce acoupling of two L-system and show that if the impedance functions of twoL-systems belong to the generalized Donoghue classes$\sM_{\kappa_1}$($\sM_{\kappa_1}^{-1}$) and$\sM_{\kappa_2}$($\sM_{\kappa_2}^{-1}$), then the impedance function of thecoupling falls into the class $\sM_{\kappa_1\kappa_2}$. Consequently, we obtainthat if an L-system whose impedance function belongs to the standard Donoghueclass $\sM=\sM_0$ is coupled with any other L-system, the impedance function ofthe coupling belongs to $\sM$ (the absorbtion property). Observing the resultof coupling of $n$ L-systems as $n$ goes to infinity, we put forward theconcept of a limit coupling which leads to the notion of the system attractor,two models of which (in the position and momentum representations) arepresented. All major results are illustrated by various examples."
Electrical Structure of Biological Cells and Tissues: impedance  spectroscopy, stereology, and singular perturbation theory	2015	Impedance Spectroscopy resolves electrical properties into uncorrelatedvariables, as a function of frequency, with exquisite resolution. Separation isrobust and most useful when the system is linear. Impedance spectroscopycombined with appropriate structural knowledge provides insight into pathwaysfor current flow, with more success than other methods. Biological applicationsof impedance spectroscopy are often not useful since so much of biology isstrongly nonlinear in its essential features, and impedance spectroscopy isfundamentally a linear analysis. All cells and tissues have cell membranes andits capacitance is both linear and important to cell function. Measurementsproved straightforward in skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle, and lens of the eye.In skeletal muscle, measurements provided the best estimates of the predominant(cell) membrane system that dominates electrical properties. In cardiac muscle,measurements showed definitively that classical microelectrode voltage clampcould not control the potential of the predominant membranes, that were in thetubular system separated from the extracellular space by substantialdistributed resistance. In the lens of the eye, impedance spectroscopy changedthe basis of all recording and interpretation of electrical measurements andlaid the basis for Rae and Mathias extensive later experimental work. Manytissues are riddled with extracellular space as clefts and tubules, forexample, cardiac muscle, the lens of the eye, most epithelia, and of coursefrog muscle. These tissues are best analyzed with a bidomain theory that arosefrom the work on electrical structure described here. There has been a greatdeal of work since then on the bi-domain and this represents the most importantcontribution to biology of the analysis of electrical structure in my view.
Drive and measurement electrode patterns for electrode impedance  tomography (EIT) imaging of neural activity in peripheral nerve	2018	Objective: To establish the performance of several drive and measurementpatterns in EIT imaging of neural activity in peripheral nerve, which involveslarge impedance change in the nerve's anisotropic length axis. Approach: Eightdrive and measurement electrode patterns are compared using a finite element(FE) four cylindrical shell model of a peripheral nerve and a 32 channeldual-ring nerve cuff. The central layer of the FE model contains impedancechanges representative of neural activity of -0.3 in the length axis and -8.8 x10-4 in the radial axis. Four of the electrode patterns generate longitudinaldrive current, which runs perpendicular to the anisotropic axis. Main results:Transverse current patterns produce higher resolution than longitudinalpatterns but are also more susceptible to noise and errors, and exhibit poorersensitivity to impedance changes in central sample locations. Three of the fourlongitudinal current patterns considered can reconstruct fascicle levelimpedance changes with up to 0.2 mV noise and error, which corresponds tobetween -5.5 and +0.18 dB of the normalised signal standard deviation. Reducingthe spacing between the two electrode rings in all longitudinal currentpatterns reduced the signal to error ratio across all depth locations of thesample. Significance: Electrode patterns which target the large impedancechange in the anisotropic length axis can provide improved robustness againstnoise and errors, which is a critical step towards real time EIT imaging ofneural activity in peripheral nerve.
Robust High-Transparency Haptic Exploration for Dexterous  Telemanipulation	2020	Robot teleoperation has been proposed as a solution to perform complex tasksin dangerous or remote environments. Teleoperation dexterity is not yetsufficient to enable effective interaction control, even in short-rangeoperation, and low communication delays between the slave and the master. Thismanuscript explores the development of a haptic teleoperation setup that reliesupon a recently proposed passive impedance controller, called Fractal ImpedanceController (FIC). The controller has a state-dependent impedance which enablesto tune the slave task accuracy. The proposed controller has been compared witha similar setup using a traditional impedance controller. The results show thatthe proposed control architecture has higher transparency of interactioncompared to the impedance controller. A preliminary study on the ability of anexpert user to perform dexterous tasks has been conducted maintaining constantcontroller parameters. The tasks included opening an electrical box, driving apile in the sand, pushing a ball on rough terrain, moving a sponge in anobstacle course, and pushing an E-stop button. The results show that theproposed method can complete all the task while the impedance controller on theslave could not. Furthermore, the FIC enables a shorter completion time on thetasks completed that have been also completed from the traditional impedancecontroller (pushing a ball, moving the sponge, and pushing E-Stop).
Scattering of EM waves by many small perfectly conducting or impedance  bodies	2016	A theory of electromagnetic (EM) wave scattering by many small particles ofan arbitrary shape is developed. The particles are perfectly conducting orimpedance. For a small impedance particle of an arbitrary shape an explicitanalytical formula is derived for the scattering amplitude. The formula holdsas $a\to 0$, where $a$ is a characteristic size of the small particle and thewavelength is arbitrary but fixed. The scattering amplitude for a smallimpedance particle is shown to be proportional to $a^{2-\kappa}$, where$\kappa\in [0,1)$ is a parameter which can be chosen by an experimenter ashe/she wants. The boundary impedance of a small particle is assumed to be ofthe form $\zeta=ha^{-\kappa}$, where $h=$const, Re$h\ge 0$. The scatteringamplitude for a small perfectly conducting particle is proportional to $a^3$,it is much smaller than that for the small impedance particle. The many-bodyscattering problem is solved under the physical assumptions $a\ll d\ll\lambda$, where $d$ is the minimal distance between neighboring particles and$\lambda$ is the wavelength. The distribution law for the small impedanceparticles is $\mathcal{N}(\delta)\sim\int_{\delta}N(x)dx$ as $a\to 0$. Here$N(x)\ge 0$ is an arbitrary continuous function that can be chosen by theexperimenter and $\mathcal{N}(\delta)$ is the number of particles in anarbitrary sub-domain $\Delta$. It is proved that the EM field in the mediumwhere many small particles, impedance or perfectly conducting, are distributed,has a limit, as $a\to 0$ and a differential equation is derived for thelimiting field. On this basis the recipe is given for creating materials with adesired refraction coefficient by embedding many small impedance particles intoa given material.
Acoustic Impedance Calculation via Numerical Solution of the Inverse  Helmholtz Problem	2017	Assigning homogeneous boundary conditions, such as acoustic impedance, to thethermoviscous wave equations (TWE) derived by transforming the linearizedNavier-Stokes equations (LNSE) to the frequency domain yields a so-calledHelmholtz solver, whose output is a discrete set of complex eigenfunction andeigenvalue pairs. The proposed method -- the inverse Helmholtz solver (iHS) --reverses such procedure by returning the value of acoustic impedance at one ormore unknown impedance boundaries (IBs) of a given domain via spatialintegration of the TWE for a given real-valued frequency with assignedconditions on other boundaries. The iHS procedure is applied to a second-orderspatial discretization of the TWEs derived on an unstructured grid withstaggered grid arrangement. The momentum equation only is extended to thecenter of each IB face where pressure and velocity components are co-locatedand treated as unknowns. One closure condition considered for the iHS is theassignment of the surface gradient of pressure phase over the IBs,corresponding to assigning the shape of the acoustic waveform at the IB. TheiHS procedure is carried out independently for each frequency in order toreturn the complete broadband complex impedance distribution at the IBs in anydesired frequency range. The iHS approach is first validated against Rott'stheory for both inviscid and viscous, rectangular and circular ducts. Theimpedance of a geometrically complex toy cavity is then reconstructed andverified against companion full compressible unstructured Navier-Stokessimulations resolving the cavity geometry and one-dimensional impedance testtube calculations based on time-domain impedance boundary conditions (TDIBC).The iHS methodology is also shown to capture thermoacoustic effects, withreconstructed impedance values quantitatively in agreement with thermoacousticgrowth rates.
Quantum Wave Resistance of Schrodinger functions	2003	The new concept of quantum wave-impedance (QWI), Z is introduced to answerthe question whether there is impedance to a Schrodinger wave. Z will be ananalogue of Maxwell's free space impedance (376.7 ohm) for electromagneticwaves. We show, for free particle wave function, the value of Z is in generalnot zero and purely real (resistive). As in quantum hall (QHE), Z can beexpressed in terms of the fine structure constant, the electromagneticpermittivity and permeability of free space. Z is a determinant of thepartitioning and flow of charge and energy transported by the quantum system.The scale factor of Z is about 12.9 kilo-ohms (per spin), so the correspondingwave conductance G is (77.5 micro-mho, per spin) double the unit of Landaurconductance. As functions of the quantum numbers (l,m,n) Z shows, peaks,valleys and plateaus; also as in QHE, both integer and fractional steps may beobtained. In microwave and optical technology, conventional impedance is anessential parameter. The quantum impedance defined here will be no exception infuture technology.
Probing the intrinsic shot noise of a Luttinger liquid through impedance  matching	2005	We argue that a simple way to bypass reflections at the boundaries of afinite Luttinger liquid (LL) connected to electrodes is to match load and drainimpedances to the characteristic impedance of the LL viewed as a mesoscopictransmission line. For an impedance matched LL, this implies that the AC and DCshot noise properties of a finite LL are identical to those of an infinite LL.Even for an impedance mismatched LL, we show by a careful analysis ofreflections that the intrinsic infinite LL properties can still be extractedyielding possibly irrational charges for the LL elementary excitations. Weimprove on existing results for AC shot noise by deriving expressions withexplicit dependence on the charges of the fractional states. Most notably theseresults can be established quite straightforwardly without resort to theKeldysh technique. We apply these arguments to two experimental setups whichallow the observation of different sets of fractional quasiparticles: (i)injection of current by a STM tip in the bulk of a LL; (ii) backscattering ofcurrent by an impurity. An Appendix reviews pedagogically the 'fractionalstates picture' of the LL.
A model for exchange-biased asymmetric giant magneto-impedance in  amorphous wires	2006	A model describing the exchange-biased asymmetric giant magneto-impedance inJoule-heated amorphous wires is proposed. It is assumed that the Joule heatingresults in the formation of a surface hard magnetic crystalline layer, and theasymmetric giant magneto-impedance is related to the exchange coupling betweenthe amorphous and crystalline phases. The coupling between the surface layerand the amorphous bulk is described in terms of an effective bias field. Themodel is based on a simultaneous solution of linearizied Maxwell equations andthe Landau-Lifshitz equation. The calculated field and frequency dependences ofthe wire impedance are in a qualitative agreement with results of theexperimental study of the asymmetric giant magneto-impedance in Joule-heatedCo-based amorphous wires.
Influence of stress on magneto-impedance in Co71-xFexCr7Si8B14 (x = 0,  2) amorphous ribbons	2006	Systematic measurements of stress-impedance (SI) have been carried out usingCo-rich amorphous ribbons of nominal composition Co71-xFexCr7Si8B14 (x = 0, 2)at various excitation frequencies and bias fields and at room temperature. Theimpedance, Z for both the samples was found to be very sensitive functions ofapplied tensile stresses (up to 100MPa) exhibiting a maximum SI ratio as muchas 80% at low frequency ~ 0.1MHz. The nature of variation of SI changes withthe excitation frequency especially at higher frequencies in MHz region whereit exhibits a peak. Magnetization measurements were also performed to observethe effects of applied stresses and magnetization decreased with theapplication of stress confirming the negative magnetostriction co-efficient ofboth the samples. Both the samples exhibited negative magneto-impedance (MI)when the variation of Z is observed with the applied bias magnetic field, H.The impedance as functions of applied magnetic field, Z(H), decreases with theapplication of stress thus making the MI curves broader. Maximum MI ratio aslarge as 99% has been observed for both the samples at low fields ~ 27Oe.
Aspects of the Scattering and Impedance Properties of Chaotic Microwave  Cavities	2005	We consider the statistics of the impedance of a chaotic microwave cavitycoupled to a single port. We remove the non-universal effects of the couplingfrom the experimental data using the radiation impedance obtained directly fromthe experiments. We thus obtain the normalized impedance whose ProbabilityDensity Function (PDF) is predicted to be universal in that it depends only onthe loss (quality factor) of the cavity. We find that impedance fluctuationsdecrease with increasing loss. The results apply to scattering measurements onany wave chaotic system.
Off-diagonal impedance in amorphous wires and application to linear  magnetic sensors	2004	The magnetic-field behaviour of the off-diagonal impedance in Co-basedamorphous wires is investigated under the condition of sinusoidal (50 MHz) andpulsed (5 ns rising time) current excitations. For comparison, the fieldcharacteristics of the diagonal impedance are measured as well. In general,when an alternating current is applied to a magnetic wire the voltage signal isgenerated not only across the wire but also in the coil mounted on it. Thesevoltages are related with the diagonal and off-diagonal impedances,respectively. It is demonstrated that these impedances have a differentbehaviour as a function of axial magnetic field: the former is symmetrical andthe latter is antisymmetrical with a near linear portion within a certain fieldinterval. In the case of the off-diagonal response, the dc bias currenteliminating circular domains is necessary. The pulsed excitation that combinesboth high and low frequency harmonics produces the off-diagonal voltageresponse without additional bias current or field. This suits ideal for apractical sensor circuit design. The principles of operation of a linearmagnetic sensor based on C-MOS transistor circuit are discussed.
Correction to the Casimir force due to the anomalous skin effect	2004	The surface impedance approach is discussed in connection with the precisecalculation of the Casimir force between metallic plates. It allows to takeinto account the nonlocal connection between the current density and electricfield inside of metals. In general, a material has to be described by twoimpedances $Z_{s}(\omega,q)$ and $Z_{p}(\omega,q)$ corresponding to twodifferent polarization states. In contrast with the approximate Leontovichimpedance they depend not only on frequency $\omega$ but also on the wavevector along the plate $q$. In this paper only the nonlocal effects happeningat frequencies $\omega<\omega_{p}$ (plasma frequency) are analyzed. We refer toall of them as the anomalous skin effect. The impedances are calculated for thepropagating and evanescent fields in the Boltzmann approximation. It is foundthat $Z_p$ significantly deviates from the local impedance as a result of theThomas-Fermi screening. The nonlocal correction to the Casimir force iscalculated at zero temperature. This correction is small but observable atsmall separations between bodies. The same theory can be used to find moresignificant nonlocal contribution at $\omega\sim\omega_p$ due to the plasmonexcitation.
Topological change and impedance spectrum of rat olfactory receptor I7:  A comparative analysis with bovine rhodopsin and bacterior	2008	We present a theoretical investigation on possible selection of olfactoryreceptors (ORs) as sensing components of nanobiosensors. Accordingly, wegenerate the impedance spectra of the rat OR I7 in the native and activatedstate and analyze their differences. In this way, we connect the proteinmorphological transformation, caused by the sensing action, with its change ofelectrical impedance. The results are compared with those obtained by studyingthe best known protein of the GPCR family: bovine rhodopsin. Our investigationsindicate that a change in morphology goes with a change in impedance spectrummostly associated with a decrease of the static impedance up to about 60 % ofthe initial value, in qualitative agreement with existing experiments on rat ORI7. The predictiveness of the model is tested successfully for the case ofrecent experiments on bacteriorhodopsin. The present results point to apromising development of a new class of nanobiosensors based on the electricalproperties of GPCR and other sensing proteins.
Impedance Spectra of Mixed Conductors: a 2D Study of Ceria	2009	In this paper we develop an analytical framework for the study ofelectrochemical impedance of mixed ionic and electronic conductors (MIEC). Theframework is based on first-principles and it features the coupling ofelectrochemical reactions, surface transport and bulk transport processes. Weutilize this work to analyze two dimensional systems relevant for fuel cellscience via finite element method (FEM). Alternate current ImpedanceSpectroscopy (IS) of a ceria symmetric cell is simulated near equilibriumcondition (zero bias) for a wide array of working conditions includingvariations of temperature and $H_2$ partial pressure on a two dimensional fuelcell sample with patterned metal electrodes. The model shows agreement of IScurves with the experimental literature with the relative error on theimpedance being consistently below 2%. Important two-dimensional effects suchthe effects of thickness decrease and the influence of variable electronic andionic diffusivities on the impedance spectra are also explored.
Method for Flow Measurement in Microfluidic Channels Based on Electrical  Impedance Spectroscopy	2012	We have developed and characterized two novel micro flow sensors based onmeasuring the electrical impedance of the interface between the flowing liquidand metallic electrodes embedded on the channel walls. These flow sensors arevery simple to fabricate and use, are extremely compact and can easily beintegrated into most microfluidic systems. One of these devices is a microporewith two tantalum/platinum electrodes on its edges; the other is a microchannel with two tantalum /platinum electrodes placed perpendicular to thechannel on its walls. In both sensors the flow rate is measured via theelectrical impedance between the two metallic electrodes, which is theimpedance of two metal-liquid junctions in series. The dependency of themetal-liquid junction impedance on the flow rate of the liquid has beenstudied. The effects of different parameters on the sensor's outputs and itsnoise behavior are investigated. Design guidelines are extracted and applied toachieve highly sensitive micro flow sensors with low noise.
Transformation Electromagnetics Devices Based on Printed-Circuit Tensor  Impedance Surfaces	2013	A method for designing transformation electromagnetics devices using tensorimpedance surfaces (TISs) is presented. The method is first applied toidealized tensor impedance boundary conditions (TIBCs), and later toprinted-circuit tensor impedance surfaces (PCTISs). A PCTIS is a practicalrealization of a TIBC. It consists of a tensor impedance sheet, which models asubwavelength patterned metallic cladding, over a grounded dielectricsubstrate. The method outlined in this paper allows anisotropic TIBCs andPCTISs to be designed that support tangential wave vector distributions andpower flow directions specified by a coordinate transformation. As an example,beamshifting devices are designed, using TIBCs and PCTISs, that allow a surfacewave to be shifted laterally. The designs are verified with a commercialfull-wave electromagnetic solver. This work opens new opportunities for thedesign and implementation of anisotropic and inhomogeneous printed-circuit orgraphene based surfaces that can guide or radiate electromagnetic fields.
Resonance regimes of scattering by small bodies with impedance boundary  conditions	2010	The paper concerns scattering of plane waves by a bounded obstacle withcomplex valued impedance boundary conditions. We study the spectrum of theNeumann-to-Dirichlet operator for small wave numbers and long wave asymptoticbehavior of the solutions of the scattering problem. The study includes thecase when $k=0$ is an eigenvalue or a resonance. The transformation from theimpedance to the Dirichlet boundary condition as impedance grows is described.A relation between poles and zeroes of the scattering matrix in the non-selfadjoint case is established. The results are applied to a problem of scatteringby an obstacle with a springy coating. The paper describes the dependence ofthe impedance on the properties of the material, that is on forces due to thedeviation of the boundary of the obstacle from the equilibrium position.
Novel method for planar microstrip antenna matching impedance	2010	Because all microstrip antennas have to be matched to the standard generatorimpedance or load, the input impedance matching method for antenna isparticularly important. In this paper a new methodology in achieving matchingimpedance of a planar microstrip antenna for wireless application is described.The method is based on embedding an Interdigital capacitor. The fine resultsobtained by using a microstrip Interdigital capacitor for matching antennaimpedance led to an efficient method to improve array antenna performance. Infact, a substantial saving on the whole surfaces as well as enhancement of thegain, the directivity and the power radiated was achieved.
Impedance of rigid bodies in one-dimensional elastic collisions	2012	In this work we study the problem of one-dimensional elastic collisions ofbilliard balls, considered as rigid bodies, in a framework very different fromthe classical one presented in text books. Implementing the notion of impedancematching as a way to understand eficiency of energy transmission in elasticcollisions, we find a solution which frames the problem in terms of thisconception. We show that the mass of the ball can be seen as a measure of itsimpedance and verify that the problem of maximum energy transfer in elasticcollisions can be thought of as a problem of impedance matching betweendifferent media. This approach extends the concept of impedance, usuallyassociated with oscillatory systems, to system of rigid bodies.
Stable methods to solve the impedance matrix for radially inhomogeneous  cylindrically anisotropic structures	2012	A stable approach for integrating the impedance matrix in cylindrical, radialinhomogeneous structures is developed and studied. A Stroh-like system usingthe time-harmonic displacement-traction state vector is used to derive theRiccati matrix differential equation involving the impedance matrix. It isfound that the resulting equation is stiff and leads to exponentialinstabilities. A stable scheme for integration is found in which a localexpansion is performed by combining the matricant and impedance matrices. Thismethod offers a stable solution for fully anisotropic materials, which waspreviously unavailable in the literature. Several approximation schemes forintegrating the Riccati equation in cylindrical coordinates are considered:exponential, Magnus, Taylor series, Lagrange polynomials, with numericalexamples indicating that the exponential scheme performs best. The impedancematrix is compared with solutions involving Buchwald potentials in which thematerial is limited to piecewise constant transverse isotropy. Lastly ascattering example is considered and compared with the literature.
Comprehensive Analysis and Measurement of Frequency-Tuned and  Impedance-Tuned Wireless Non-Radiative Power Transfer Systems	2014	This paper theoretically and experimentally investigates frequency-tuned andimpedance-tuned wireless non-radiative power transfer (WNPT) systems.Closed-form expressions for the efficiencies of both systems, as a function offrequency and system (circuit) parameters, are presented. In thefrequency-tuned system, the operating frequency is adjusted to compensate forchanges in mutual inductance that occur for variations of transmitter andreceiver loop positions. Frequency-tuning is employed for a range of distancesover which the loops are strongly coupled. In contrast, the impedance-tunedsystem employs varactor-based matching networks to compensate for changes inmutual inductance and achieve a simultaneous conjugate impedance match over arange of distances. The frequency-tuned system is simpler to implement, whilethe impedance-tuned system is more complex but can achieve higher efficiencies.Both of the experimental WNPT systems studied employ resonant shielded loops astransmitting and receiving devices.
A new first-principles calculation of field-dependent RF surface  impedance of BCS superconductor and application to SRF cavities	2014	"There is a need to better understand the intrinsic limit of radiofrequency(RF) surface impedance that determines the performance of superconducting RFcavities in particle accelerators. Here we present a field-dependent derivationof Mattis-Bardeen (M-B) theory of the RF surface impedance of BCSsuperconductors based on the shifted Density of States (DoS) resulting fromcoherently moving Cooper pairs [1].The surprising reduction in resistance withincreasing field is explained to be an intrinsic effect. Using this analysiscoded in MathematicaTM, survey calculations have been completed which examinethe sensitivities of this surface impedance to variation of the BCS materialparameters and temperature.Our theoretical prediction of the effective BCS RFsurface resistance (Rs) of niobium as a function of peak surface magnetic fieldamplitude agrees well with recently reported record low loss resonant cavitymeasurements from Jefferson Lab (JLab) and Fermi National Accelerator Lab(FNAL) with carefully, yet differently, prepared niobium material. The resultspresent a refined description of the ""best theoretical"" performance availableto potential applications with corresponding materials. [1]Xiao, B.P., C.E.Reece, and M.J. Kelley, Superconducting surface impedance under radiofrequencyfield. Physica C: Superconductivity, 2013. 490(0): p. 26-31."
Self impedance matched Hall-effect gyrators and circulators	2016	We present a model study of an alternative implementation of a two-portHall-effect microwave gyrator. Our set-up involves three electrodes, one ofwhich acts as a common ground for the others. Based on the capacitive-couplingmodel of Viola and DiVincenzo, we analyze the performance of the device and wepredict that ideal gyration can be achieved at specific frequencies.Interestingly, the impedance of the three-terminal gyrator can be madearbitrarily small for certain coupling strengths, so that no auxiliaryimpedance matching is required. Although the bandwidth of the device shrinks asthe impedance decreases, it can be improved by reducing the magnetic field; itcan be realistically increased up to $ 150 \mathrm{MHz}$ at $50\mathrm{\Omega}$by working at filling factor $\nu=10$. We examine also the effects of theparasitic capacitive coupling between electrodes and we find that, although ingeneral they strongly influence the response of device, their effect isnegligible at low impedance. Finally, we analyze an interferometricimplementation of a circulator, which incorporates the gyrator in aMach-Zender-like construction. Perfect circulation in both directions can beachieved, depending on frequency and on the details of the interferometer.
The refined impedance transform for 1D acoustic reflection data	2017	The one dimensional wave equation serves as a basic model for imagingmodalities such as seismic which utilize acoustic data reflected back from alayered medium. In 1955 Peterson et al. described a single scatteringapproximation for the one dimensional wave equation that relates the reflectionGreen's function to acoustic impedance. The approximation is simple, fast tocompute and has become a standard part of seismic theory. The present paperre-examines this classical approximation in light of new results concerning the(exact) measurement operator for reflection imaging of layered media, and showsthat the classical approximation can be substantially improved. We derive analternate formula, called the refined impedance transform, that retains thesimplicity and speed of computation of the classical estimate, but which isqualitatively more accurate and applicable to a wider range of recorded data.The refined impedance transform can be applied to recorded data directly(without the need to deconvolve the source wavelet), and solves exactly theinverse problem of determining the value of acoustic impedance on the far sideof an arbitrary slab of unknown structure. The results are illustrated withnumerical examples.
Electrical Impedance Response of Gamma Irradiated Gelatin based Solid  Polymer Electrolytes Analyzed Using a Generalized Calculus Formalism	2015	The electrical impedance response of Gelatin based solid polymer electrolyteto gamma irradiation is investigated by impedance spectroscopy. An analysisbased on Poisson-Nernst-Plank model, incorporating fractional time derivativesis carried out. A detailed derivation for anomalous impedance function isgiven.The model involves boundary conditions with convolution of the fractionaltime derivative of ion density and adsorption desorption relaxation kinetics. Afractional diffusion-drift equation is used to solve the bulk behavior of themobile charges in the electrolyte. The complex adsorption-desorption process atthe electrode-electrolyte interface produces an anomalous effect in the system.The model gives a very good fit for the observed impedance data for thisbiopolymer based solid electrolyte in wide range of frequencies. We havecompared different parameters based upon this model for both irradiated andunirradiated samples.
A Nitsche-type Method for Helmholtz Equation with an Embedded  Acoustically Permeable Interface	2015	We propose a new finite element method for Helmholtz equation in thesituation where an acoustically permeable interface is embedded in thecomputational domain. A variant of Nitsche's method, different from thestandard one, weakly enforces the impedance conditions for transmission throughthe interface. As opposed to a standard finite-element discretization of theproblem, our method seamlessly handles a complex-valued impedance function $Z$that is allowed to vanish. In the case of a vanishing impedance, the proposedmethod reduces to the classic Nitsche method to weakly enforce continuity overthe interface. We show stability of the method, in terms of a discreteG{\aa}rding inequality, for a quite general class of surface impedancefunctions, provided that possible surface waves are sufficiently resolved bythe mesh. Moreover, we prove an a priori error estimate under the assumptionthat the absolute value of the impedance is bounded away from zero almosteverywhere. Numerical experiments illustrate the performance of the method fora number of test cases in 2D and 3D with different interface conditions.
Warburg's impedance revisited	2016	The derivation of Warburg's impedance presented in several books andscientific papers is reconsidered. It has been obtained by assuming that thetotal electric current across the sample is just due to the diffusion, and thatthe external potential applied to the electrode is responsible for an increaseof the bulk density of charge described by Nernst's model. We show that theseassumptions are not correct, and hence the proposed derivations questionable. Acorrect determination of the electrochemical impedance of a cell of aninsulating material where are injected external charges of a given sign, whenthe diffusion and the displacement currents are taken into account, does notpredict, in the high frequency region, for the real and imaginary parts of theimpedance, the trends predicted by Warburg's impedance in the Nernstianapproximation. The presented model can be generalized to the case of asymmetriccell, assuming boundary conditions physically sound.
Enhancement of space-charge induced damping due to reactive impedances  for head-tail modes	2017	Landau damping of head-tail modes in bunches due to spreads in the tune shiftcan be a deciding factor for beam stability. We demonstrate that the coherenttune shifts due to reactive impedances can enhance the space-charge induceddamping and change the stability thresholds (here, a reactive impedance impliesthe imaginary part of the impedance of both signs). For example, high dampingrates at strong space-charge, or damping of the $k=0$ mode, can be possible. Itis shown and explained, how the negative reactive impedances (causing negativecoherent tune shifts similarly to the effect of space-charge) can enhance theLandau damping, while the positive coherent tune shifts have an oppositeeffect. It is shown that the damping rate is a function of the coherent modeposition in the incoherent spectrum, in accordance with the concept of theinteraction of a collective mode with resonant particles. We present ananalytical model, which allows for quantitative predictions of dampingthresholds for different head-tail modes, for arbitrary space-charge andcoherent tune-shift conditions, as it is verified using particle trackingsimulations.
Trajectory Deformations from Physical Human-Robot Interaction	2017	Robots are finding new applications where physical interaction with a humanis necessary: manufacturing, healthcare, and social tasks. Accordingly, thefield of physical human-robot interaction (pHRI) has leveraged impedancecontrol approaches, which support compliant interactions between human androbot. However, a limitation of traditional impedance control is that---despiteprovisions for the human to modify the robot's current trajectory---the humancannot affect the robot's future desired trajectory through pHRI. In thispaper, we present an algorithm for physically interactive trajectorydeformations which, when combined with impedance control, allows the human tomodulate both the actual and desired trajectories of the robot. Unlike relatedworks, our method explicitly deforms the future desired trajectory based onforces applied during pHRI, but does not require constant human guidance. Wepresent our approach and verify that this method is compatible with traditionalimpedance control. Next, we use constrained optimization to derive thedeformation shape. Finally, we describe an algorithm for real timeimplementation, and perform simulations to test the arbitration parameters.Experimental results demonstrate reduction in the human's effort andimprovement in the movement quality when compared to pHRI with impedancecontrol alone.
On the use of a Stress-Impedance Model to describe sound propagation in  a lined duct with grazing flow	2017	With flow, the acoustical effect of a lined wall cannot be described by asingle quantity like the wall impedance. At least two quantities are required.In addition to the impedance, the unsteady tangential force exerted by the wallon the flow has to be taken into account. This force is due either to viscouseffects or to the unsteady transfer of axial momentum from the flow into thelined wall. The paper describes a Stress--Impedance model where the twovariables used are the impedance and the friction factor that links thepressure to a tangential stress at the wall. The use of a wall stress helps tobetter understand the mechanisms of momentum transfer between the flow and thewall in the vicinity of an acoustic treatment.
A PDMS-based broadband acoustic impedance matched material for  underwater applications	2018	Having a material that is matched in acoustic impedance with the surroundingmedium is a considerable asset for many underwater acoustic applications. Inthis work, impedance matching is achieved by dispersing small, deeplysubwavelength sized particles in a soft matrix, and the appropriateconcentration is determined with the help of Coherent Potential Approximationand Waterman & Truell models. We show experimentally the validity of the modelsusing mixtures of Polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) and TiO2 particles. The optimizedcomposite material has the same longitudinal acoustic impedance as water andtherefore the acoustic reflection coefficient is essentially zero over a widerange of frequencies (0.5 to 6 MHz). PDMS-based materials can be cured in amold to achieve desired sample shape, which makes them very easy to handle andto use. Various applications can be envisioned, such the use ofimpedance-matched PDMS in the design and fabrication of acousticallytransparent cells for samples, perfectly matched layers for ultrasonicexperiments, or superabsorbing metamaterials for water-borne acoustic waves.
A Discussion on the Algorithm Design of Electrical Impedance Tomography  for Biomedical Applications	2019	In this paper, we present a discussion on the algorithms design of ElectricalImpedance Tomography (EIT) for biomedical applications. Based on the Maxwelldifferential equations and the derived the finite element(FE) linear equations,we first investigate the possibility to estimate the matrix that contains theimpedance values based on Singular Value Decomposition(SVD) approximations.Secondly based on the biomedical properties we further explore the possibilityto recover the impedance values uniquely by injecting various different typesof currents with multi-frequency. Injecting various types of multi-frequencycurrents lead to a set of different measured voltages configurations, thusenhance the possibility of uniquely recovering the impedance values in a stableway under the assumption that the biological cells respond to the differenttype of injecting currents in a different way.
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for Passivity of Velocity-Sourced  Impedance Control of Series Elastic Actuators	2019	Series Elastic Actuation (SEA) has become prevalent in applications involvingphysical human-robot interaction as it provides considerable advantages overtraditional stiff actuators in terms of stability robustness and fidelity offorce control. Several impedance control architectures have been proposed forSEA. Among these alternatives, the cascaded controller with an inner-mostvelocity loop, an intermediate torque loop and an outer-most impedance loop isparticularly favoured for its simplicity, robustness, and performance. In thispaper, we derive the \emph{necessary and sufficient conditions} to ensure thepassivity of this cascade-controller architecture for rendering two most commonvirtual impedance models. Based on the newly established passivity conditions,we provide non-conservative design guidelines to haptically display a nullimpedance and a pure spring while ensuring the passivity of interaction. Wealso demonstrate the importance of including physical damping in the actuatormodel during derivation of passivity conditions, when integral controllers areutilized. In particular, we show the adversary effect of physical damping onsystem passivity.
Semi-supervised Learning for Acoustic Impedance Inversion	2019	Recent applications of deep learning in the seismic domain have shown greatpotential in different areas such as inversion and interpretation. Deeplearning algorithms, in general, require tremendous amounts of labeled data totrain properly. To overcome this issue, we propose a semi-supervised frameworkfor acoustic impedance inversion based on convolutional and recurrent neuralnetworks. Specifically, seismic traces and acoustic impedance traces aremodeled as time series. Then, a neural-network-based inversion model comprisingconvolutional and recurrent neural layers is used to invert seismic data foracoustic impedance. The proposed workflow uses well log data to guide theinversion. In addition, it utilizes a learned seismic forward model toregularize the training and to serve as a geophysical constraint for theinversion. The proposed workflow achieves an average correlation of 98% betweenthe estimated and target elastic impedance using 20 AI traces for training.
Impedance-Based Whole-System Modeling for a Composite Grid via  Frame-Dynamics Embedding	2019	The paper establishes a methodology to overcome the difficulty ofdynamic-preserving frame alignment in ac impedance models, and thereby enablesimpedance-based whole-system modeling of converter-generator composite powersystems. The methodology is based on an intermediary steady frame between localand global frames, which separates the global (constant) and local (dynamic)parts of the frame alignment. The local frame dynamics can be fully embeddedinto local impedance models via a unified transformation law. Compared tostart-of-the-art impedance-based models, the proposed method retains both framedynamics and scalability, and is generally applicable to almost all generatorsand converters. The methodology is used to analyze the dynamic interactionbetween rotors and phase-locked loops (PLLs) in a composite grid, which yieldsvery interesting findings on the rotor-PLL stability in a low-inertia grid.
Coupling Impedances and Heating due to Slots in the KEK B-factory	1995	The longitudinal and transverse coupling impedances produced by the longslots in the Low Energy Ring of KEK B-factory are calculated. The powerdissipated inside the vacuum chamber due to the fields scattered by the slotsis evaluated using results for the real part of the coupling impedance.Estimates are made for the power flow through the slots to the pumping chamber.
Coupling Impedances of Azimuthally Symmetric Obstacles of  Semi-Elliptical Shape in a Beam Pipe	1996	The beam coupling impedances of small axisymmetric obstacles having asemi-elliptical cross section along the beam in the vacuum chamber of anaccelerator are calculated at frequencies for which the wavelength is largecompared to a typical size of the obstacle. Analytical results are obtained forboth the irises and the cavities with such a shape which allow simple estimatesof their broad-band impedances.
SQUID based resistance bridge for shot noise measurement on low  impedance samples	1999	We present a resistance bridge which uses a SQUID to measure the shot noisein low impedance samples. The experimental requirements are high DC biascurrents (typically 10mA) together with high AC sensitivity (pA/VHz). Thissystem is used to investigate the shot noise inSuperconductor/Normal/Superconductor junctions where Andreev reflectionenhanced shot noise is expected. Because our setup has an intrinsic noise muchsmaller than the thermal noise of the resistance bridge at 4.2K, reliableresults can be obtained on impedances out of the range of classical measurementschemes.
Zero-Point Fluctuations and the Quenching of the Persistent Current in  Normal Metal Rings	1999	The ground state of a phase-coherent mesoscopic system is sensitive to itsenvironment. We investigate the persistent current of a ring with a quantum dotwhich is capacitively coupled to an external circuit with a dissipativeimpedance. At zero temperature, zero-point quantum fluctuations lead to astrong suppression of the persistent current with decreasing externalimpedance. We emphasize the role of displacement currents in the dynamicalfluctuations of the persistent current and show that with decreasing externalimpedance the fluctuations exceed the average persistent current.
Modelization of the Impedance Spectroscopy of composites by Electrical  Networks	2002	We examined in this work the effect of the inter-grains distributions as wellas the scaling of the complex impedance in order to analyze its frequencydependance for composite metal-insulator films. The dependance of thecharacteristic frequencies on the inter-grain distribution is shown for largesample sizes. The impedance spectra become statistically stable above sizes ofthe order 200x200.
Tip-gating Effect in Scanning Impedance Microscopy of Nanoelectronic  Devices	2002	Electronic transport in semiconducting single-wall carbon nanotubes isstudied by combined scanning gate microscopy and scanning impedance microscopy(SIM). Depending on the probe potential, SIM can be performed in both invasiveand non-invasive mode. High-resolution imaging of the defects is achieved whenthe probe acts as a local gate and simultaneously an electrostatic probe oflocal potential. A class of weak defects becomes observable even if they arelocated in the vicinity of strong defects. The imaging mechanism of tip-gatingscanning impedance microscopy is discussed.
On random symmetric matrices with a constraint: the spectral density of  random impedance networks	2003	We derive the mean eigenvalue density for symmetric Gaussian random N x Nmatrices in the limit of large N, with a constraint implying that the row sumof matrix elements should vanish. The result is shown to be equivalent to aresult found recently for the average density of resonances in random impedancenetworks [Y.V. Fyodorov, J. Phys. A: Math. Gen. 32, 7429 (1999)]. In the caseof banded matrices, the analytical results are compared with those extractedfrom the numerical solution of Kirchhoff equations for quasi one-dimensionalrandom impedance networks.
Very large Magneto-impedance and its scaling behavior in amorphous  Fe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 ribbon	2006	Magneto-impedance (MI) effects have been observed for amorphousFe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 ribbon which has been excited by an a.c. magnetic fieldparallel to the length of the ribbon. Maximum relative change in MI as large as-99% was observed which has never been reported before. The relative change inMI, when plotted against scaled field was found to be nearly frequencyindependent. A phenomenological formula for magneto-impedance, Z(H), in aferromagnetic material, is proposed based on Pade approximant to describe thescaled behavior of MI.
Impedance of a Beam Tube with Small Corrugations	2000	In accelerator projects involving the use of very short bunches, such as theLinac Coherent Light Source (LCLS)-where the rms bunch length in the undulatorsection is 30 micron-, it appears that even submicron imperfections in the beamtube surface can generate an impedance that is unacceptably large. We considertwo periodic models of an imperfect, rough surface, one with small rectangularcorrugations, the other with smooth sinusoidal oscillations. We compare theimpedance of these two models.
Impedance Analysis of Bunch Length Measurements at the ATF Damping Ring	2001	We present energy spread and bunch length measurements at the AcceleratorTest Facility (ATF) at KEK, as functions of current, for different ring rfvoltages, and with the beam both on and off the coupling resonance. We fit theon-coupling bunch shapes to those of an impedance model consisting of aresistor and an inductor connected in series. We find that the fits arereasonably good, but that the resulting impedance is unexpectedly large.
Abnormal filtering property based on the divergence of the impedance in  ladder-shape network consisting of inductors and capacitors	2006	The total impedance of a ladder-shape network consisting of inductors andcapacitors does not converge to a certain value when the steps of the networkincreased. In this paper, we analyze this effect in frequency domain. We findthat in some band the impedance converge to a limit value while in other bandit doesn't. Based on this property in frequency, we propose a filter thatexhibits excellent performance both in amplitude and phase response. As avalidation of our result, the simulation of this filter was carried out on theEDA software Multisim with respect to a practical circuit.
Impedance measurement technique for quantum systems	2007	The impedance measurement technique consists in that the phase-dependent(parametric) inductance of the system is probed by the classical tank circuitvia measuring the voltage. The notion of the parametric inductance for theimpedance measurement technique is revisited for the case when a quantum systemis probed. Measurement of the quantum state of the system of superconductingcircuits (qubits) is studied theoretically. It is shown that the result of themeasurement is defined by the partial energy levels populations in the qubits.
Hyperbolic subdiffusive impedance	2008	We use the hyperbolic subdiffusion equation with fractional time derivatives(the generalized Cattaneo equation) to study the transport process ofelectrolytes in media where subdiffusion occurs. In this model the flux isdelayed in a non-zero time with respect to the concentration gradient. Inparticular, we obtain the formula of electrochemical subdiffusive impedance ofa spatially limited sample in the limit of large and of small pulsation of theelectric field. The boundary condition at the external wall of the sample aretaken in the general form as a linear combination of subdiffusive flux andconcentration of the transported particles. We also discuss the influence ofthe equation parameters (the subdiffusion parameter and the delay time) on theNyquist impedance plots.
Wake potentials and impedances of charged beams in gradually tapering  structures	2009	An analytical method is developed for calculating the geometric wakefield andimpedances of an ultrarelativistic beam propagating on- and off-axis through anaxially symmetric geometry with slowly varying circular cross-section, such asa transition. Unlike previous analytical methods, our approach considers a beamof arbitrary longitudinal profile and permits detailed perturbativeinvestigation of impedance as a function of frequency. We compare the accuracyof the results of our approach with numerical simulations performed using thecode ECHO and determine parameters in which there is good agreement with theasymptotic analysis.
Circuit approach to photonic heat transport	2010	We discuss the heat transfer by photons between two metals coupled by alinear element with a reactive impedance. Using a simple circuit approach, wecalculate the spectral power transmitted from one resistor to the other andfind that it is determined by the photon transmission coefficient, whichdepends on the impedances of the metals and the coupling element. We study thetotal photonic power flow for different coupling impedances, both in the linearregime, where the temperature difference between the metals is small, and inthe non-linear regime of large temperature differences.
Anomalous Surface Impedance due to Odd-frequency Cooper Pairs	2010	We discuss dynamical response of odd-frequency Cooper pairs toelectromagnetic field. By using the quasiclassical Green function method, wecalculate the surface impedance (Z=R-iX) of a normal metal thin film whichcovers a superconductor. In contrast to the standard relation (i.e., R << X),the surface impedance in spin-triplet proximity structures shows anomalousbehavior (i.e., R>X) at low temperatures. This unusual relation is a result ofthe penetration of odd-frequency pairs into the normal metal and reflects thenegative Cooper pair density.
Coaxial Wire Measurements of Ferrite Kicker Magnets	2011	Fast kicker magnets are used to inject beam into and eject beam out of theCERN accelerator rings. These kickers are generally transmission line typemagnets with a rectangular shaped aperture through which the beam passes.Unless special precautions are taken the impedance of the yoke can provokesignificant beam induced heating, especially for high intensities. In additionthe impedance may contribute to beam instabilities. The results of longitudinaland transverse impedance measurements, for various kicker magnets, arepresented and compared with analytical calculations: in addition predictionsfrom a numerical analysis are discussed.
Comparison of the current LHC Collimators and the SLAC Phase 2  Collimator Impedances	2011	One of the key sources of transverse impedance in the LHC has been thesecondary graphite collimators that sit close to the beam at all energies. Thislimits the stable bunch intensity due to transverse coupled-bunch instabilitiesand transverse mode coupling instability. To counteract this, new secondarycollimators have been proposed for the phase II upgrade of the LHC collimationsystem. A number of designs based on different jaw materials and mechanicaldesigns have been proposed. A comparison of the beam coupling impedance ofthese different designs derived from simulations are presented, with referenceto the existing phase I secondary collimator design.
Stability estimates for determination of potential from the impedance  boundary map	2011	We study the impedance boundary map (or Robin-to-Robin map) for theSchrodinger equation in open bounded demain at fixed energy in multidimensions.We give global stability estimates for determining potential from theseboundary data and, as corollary, from the Cauchy data set. Our results includealso, in particular, an extension of the Alessandrini identity to the case ofthe impedance boundary map.
Stability of the determination of the surface impedance of an obstacle  from the scattering amplitude	2012	We prove a stability estimate of logarithmic type for the inverse problemconsisting in the determination of the surface impedance of an obstacle fromthe scattering amplitude. We present a simple and direct proof which isessentially based on an elliptic Carleman inequality.
A Class of Evolutionary Problems with an Application to Acoustic Waves  with Impedance Type Boundary Conditions	2012	A class of evolutionary operator equations is studied. As an application theequations of linear acoustics are considered with complex material laws. Adynamic boundary condition is imposed which in the time-harmonic casecorresponds to an impedance or Robin boundary condition. Memory and delayeffects in the interior and also on the boundary are built into the problemclass.
Electromagnetic Wave Scattering by Small Impedance Particles of an  Arbitrary Shape	2012	Scattering of electromagnetic (EM) waves by one and many small ($ka\ll 1$)impedance particles $D_m$ of an arbitrary shape, embedded in a homogeneousmedium, is studied. Analytic formula for the field, scattered by one particle,is derived. The scattered field is of the order $O(a^{2-\kappa})$, where$\kappa \in [0,1)$ is a number. This field is much larger than in theRayleigh-type scattering. An equation is derived for the effective EM fieldscattered by many small impedance particles distributed in a bounded domain.Novel physical effects in this domain are described and discussed.
Spin-torque ac impedance in magnetic tunnel junctions	2012	Subjecting a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) to a spin current and/or electricvoltage induces magnetic precession, which can reciprocally pump currentthrough the circuit. This results in an ac impedance, which is sensitive to themagnetic field applied to the MTJ. Measuring this impedance can be used tocharacterize the coupling between the magnetic free layer and the electriccurrent as well as a read-out of the magnetic configuration of the MTJ.
Finite Element Modelling of Impedance Spectroscopy Data in Composite  Electroceramics	2012	A time domain finite element numerical study of impedance spectroscopy incomposite electroceramics is presented. The simulations take into account thecomplexity of the realistic three dimensional granular structure includinggrains and grain boundaries. Two types of finite elements are used to representthe bulk (tetrahedrons) and the grain boundary (prisms) phases, which allowusing extremely high bulk to grain boundary ratios. Simulations at variousfrequencies reveal a strong influence of the grain shape on the impedance dataof the sample, both at low and at high frequencies.
Casimir energy for a spherical boundary within the surface impedance  approach: Obtaining negative values	2012	We compute the Casimir Energy of a spherical region using a Surface Impedanceapproach. We characterize the Surface Impedance of the boundary using plasmamodel. Exact analytical formulae are obtained by means of the zeta functionregularization method and all the divergencies are explicitly computed. We findthat it is possible to have negative Casimir energy for some range of values ofthe relevant parameter. Limits of applicability of the model are discussed.
Blackbox Quantization of Superconducting Circuits using exact Impedance  Synthesis	2014	We propose a new quantization method for superconducting electronic circuitsinvolving a Josephson junction device coupled to a linear microwaveenvironment. The method is based on an exact impedance synthesis of themicrowave environment considered as a blackbox with impedance function Z(s).The synthesized circuit captures dissipative dynamics of the system withresistors coupled to the reactive part of the circuit in a non-trivial way. Wequantize the circuit and compute relaxation rates following previous formalismsfor lumped element circuit quantization. Up to the errors in the fit our methodgives an exact description of the system and its losses.
Experiences with a two terminal-pair digital impedance bridge	2014	This paper describes the realization of a two terminal-pair digital impedancebridge and the test measurements performed with it. The bridge, with a verysimple architecture, is based on a commercial two-channel digital signalsynthesizer and a synchronous detector. The bridge can perform comparisonsbetween impedances having arbitrary phase and magnitude ratio: its balance isachieved automatically in less than a minute. $R$-$C$ comparisons withcalibrated standards, at kHz frequency and 100 kohm magnitude level, give ratioerrors of the order of $10^{-6}$, with potential for further improvements.
Theory of plasmonic metasurfaces	2016	In this paper we derive an impedance boundary condition to approximate theoptical scattering effect of an array of plasmonic nanoparticles mounted on aperfectly conducting plate. We show that at some resonant frequencies theimpedance blows up, allowing for a significant reduction of the scattering fromthe plate. Using the spectral properties of a Neumann-Poincare type operator,we investigate the dependency of the impedance with respect to changes in thenanoparticle geometry and configuration.
Impedance-matched cavity quantum memory	2010	"We consider an atomic frequency comb based quantum memory inside anasymmetric optical cavity. In this configuration it is possible to absorb theinput light completely in a system with an effective optical depth of one,provided that the absorption per cavity round trip exactly matches thetransmission of the coupling mirror (""impedance matching""). We show that theimpedance matching results in a readout efficiency only limited by irreversibleatomic dephasing, whose effect can be made very small in systems with largeinhomogeneous broadening. Our proposal opens up an attractive route towardsquantum memories with close to unit efficiency."
Impedance budget and instability estimation of the HLS-II storage ring	2014	The upgrade project of Hefei Light Source storage ring is under way. In thispaper, the wake fields of new designed vacuum chambers have been simulated byCST code, and then broadband impedances were obtained by FFT. Together withresistive wall wake fields, broadband impedance model for storage ring wasestablished. Using theoretical formula, longitudinal and transverse singlebunch instabilities were discussed. With carefully-designed vacuum chamber, thethreshold of beam instabilities was higher than beam current goal.
Mode Error Analysis of Impedance Measurement using Twin Wires	2014	Both longitudinal and transverse coupling impedance for some criticalcomponents need to be measured for accelerator design. The twin wires method iswidely used to measure longitudinal and transverse impedance on the bench. Amode error is induced when the twin wires method is used with a two-portnetwork analyzer. Here, the mode error is analyzed theoretically and an exampleanalysis is given. Moreover, the mode error in the measurement is a few percentwhen a hybrid with no less than 25 dB isolation and a splitter with no lessthan 20 dB magnitude error are used.
Beam-beam and impedance	2014	As two counter-rotating beams interact they can give rise to coherent dipolemodes. Under the influence of impedance these coherent beam-beam modes cancouple to higher order head-tail modes and lead to strong instabilities. Afully self-consistent approach including beam-beam and impedance was used tocharacterize this new coupled mode instability and study possible cures such asa transverse damper and high chromaticity.
Observation of impedance oscillations in single walled carbon nanotube  bundles excited by high frequency signals	2015	We report experimental observation of impedance oscillations in single-walledcarbon nanotubes measured from 100 MHz to 65 GHz on coplanar wave guides and apower law dependence of the differential conductance with bias voltage. Fromthe crossover of the real and imaginary parts of the complex impedance observedin the range of 10 GHz, we estimate a long lifetime of 15 ps that can supportthe claim of ballistic transport. By measuring the scattering parameters athigh-frequencies of a few aligned single-walled bundles at low temperatures weshow that, this observation is strongly influenced by the number of tubesavailable.
The wave impedance of an atomically thin crystal	2015	I propose an expression for the electromagnetic wave impedance of atwo-dimensional atomic crystal, and I deduce the Fresnel coefficients in termsof this quantity. It is widely known that a two-dimensional crystal can absorblight, if its conductivity is different from zero. It is less emphasized thatthey can also store a certain amount of electromagnetic energy. The concept ofimpedance is useful to quantify this point.
Analytical theory of coherent synchrotron radiation wakefield of short  bunches shielded by conducting parallel plates	2016	We develop a general model of coherent synchrotron radiation (CSR) impedancewith shielding provided by two parallel conducting plates. This model allows usto easily reproduce all previously known analytical CSR wakes and to expand theanalysis to the situations not explored before. It reduces calculations of theimpedance to taking integrals along the trajectory of the beam. New analyticalresults are derived for the radiation impedance with shielding for thefollowing orbits: a kink, a bending magnet, a wiggler of finite length, and aninfinitely long wiggler. All our formulas are benchmarked agains numericalsimulations with the CSRZ computer code.
On accurate differential measurements with electrochemical impedance  spectroscopy	2016	This paper describes the impedance spectroscopy adapted for analysis of smallelectrochemical changes in fluids. To increase accuracy of measurements thedifferential approach with temperature stabilization of fluid samples andelectronics is used. The impedance analysis is performed by the single pointDFT, signal correlation, calculation of RMS amplitudes and interference phaseshift. For test purposes the samples of liquids and colloids are treated byfully shielded electromagnetic generators and passive cone-shaped structures.Fluidic samples collected from different geological locations are alsoanalysed. In all tested cases we obtained different results for impacted andnon-impacted samples, moreover, a degradation of electrochemical stabilityafter treatment is observed. This method is used in laboratory analysis of weakemissions and ensures a high repeatability of results.
Identification of an inclusion in Multifrequency Electric Impedance  Tomography	2016	The multifrequency electrical impedance tomography is considered in order toimage a conductivity inclusion inside a homogeneous background medium byinjecting one current. An original spectral decomposition of the solution ofthe forward conductivity problem is used to retrieve the Cauchy datacorresponding to the extreme case of perfect conductor. Using results based onthe unique continuation we then prove the uniqueness of multifrequencyelectrical impedance tomography and obtain rigorous stability estimates. Ourresults in this paper are quite surprising in inverse conductivity problemsince in general infinitely many input currents are needed in order to obtainthe uniqueness in the determination of the conductivity.
Two-parameter boundary condition applied to transverse acoustic  impedance of a Fermi liquid	2017	We discuss surface scattering in terms of bidirectional reflectancedistribution function. We formulate a boundary condition that in addition todiffuse and specular reflection has tilted diffuse reflection. We apply theboundary condition to calculate the transverse acoustic impedance of anormal-state Fermi liquid. Some additional results on the impedance in a slabgeometry are presented.
Electrochemical Impedance Imaging via the Distribution of Diffusion  Times	2017	"We develop a mathematical framework to analyze electrochemical impedancespectra in terms of a distribution of diffusion times (DDT) for a parallelarray of random finite-length Warburg (diffusion) or Gerischer(reaction-diffusion) circuit elements. A robust DDT inversion method ispresented based on Complex Nonlinear Least Squares (CNLS) regression withTikhonov regularization and illustrated for three cases of nanostructuredelectrodes for energy conversion: (i) a carbon nanotube supercapacitor, (ii) asilicon nanowire Li-ion battery, and (iii) a porous-carbon vanadium flowbattery. The results demonstrate the feasibility of non-destructive ""impedanceimaging"" to infer microstructural statistics of random, heterogeneousmaterials."
A Surface Impedance-Based Three-Channel Acoustic Metasurface  Retroreflector	2018	We propose the design and measurement of an acoustic metasurfaceretroreflector that works at three discrete incident angles. An impedance modelis developed such that for acoustic waves impinging at -60 degrees, thereflected wave is defined by the surface impedance of the metasurface, which isrealized by a periodic grating. At 0 and 60 degrees, the retroreflectioncondition can be fulfilled by the diffraction of the surface. The thickness ofthe metasurface is about half of the operating wavelength and theretroreflector functions without parasitic diffraction associated withconventional gradient-index metasurfaces. Such highly efficient and compactretroreflectors open up possibilities in metamaterial-based acoustic sensingand communications.
rf surface impedance of a two-gap superconductor, considering magnesium  diboride for accelerator applications	2018	In this paper, we apply the two-band extension [1] of BCS theory [2] into theMattis-Bardeen theory [3] to obtain the surface impedance of a two-bandsuperconductor, and apply it to magnesium diboride (MgB2) for radiofrequency(RF) superconductivity applications. The numerical results for MgB2 are in goodagreement with the previously published experimental results [4]. The surfaceimpedance properties are clearly dominated by the smaller gap, significantlylimiting utility in the 10-20 K regime that might otherwise have beenattractive.
Bench Measurements and Simulations of Beam Coupling Impedance	2018	After a general introduction, the basic principles of wake-field andbeamcoupling- impedance computations are explained. This includes time domain,frequency domain, and methods that do not include excitations by means of aparticle beam. The second part of this paper deals with radio frequency benchmeasurements of beam coupling impedances. The general procedure of the wiremeasurement is explained, and its features and limitations are discussed.
A High Accuracy and High Sensitivity System Architecture for Electrical  Impedance Tomography System	2018	A high accuracy and high sensitivity system architecture is proposed for theread-out circuit of electrical impedance tomography system-on-chip. Theswitched ratiometric technique is applied in the proposed architecture. Theproposed system architecture minimizes the device noise by processing signalsfrom both read-out electrodes and the stimulus. The quantized signals arepost-processed in the digital processing unit for proper signal demodulationand impedance ratio calculation. Our proposed architecture improves thesensitivity of the read-out circuit, cancels out the gain fluctuations in thesystem, and overcomes the effects of motion artifacts on measurements.
A Hybrid Approach to Joint Estimation of Channel and Antenna impedance	2018	This paper considers a hybrid approach to joint estimation of channelinformation and antenna impedance, for single-input, single-output channels.Based on observation of training sequences via synchronously switched load atthe receiver, we derive joint maximum a posteriori and maximum-likelihood(MAP/ML) estimators for channel and impedance over multiple packets. Weinvestigate important properties of these estimators, e.g., bias andefficiency. We also explore the performance of these estimators throughnumerical examples.
Electrical Impedance Tomography based on Genetic Algorithm	2019	In this paper, we applies GA algorithm into Electrical Impedance Tomography(EIT) application. We first outline the EIT problem as an optimization problemand define a target optimization function. Then we show how the GA algorithm asan alternative searching algorithm can be used for solving EIT inverse problem.In this paper, we explore evolutionary methods such as GA algorithms combinedwith various regularization operators to solve EIT inverse computing problem.  Key words: Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT), GA, Tikhonov operator ,Mumford-Shah operator, Particle Swarm Optimization(PSO), Back Propagation(BP).
Sensing Micro-colloid Concentration by Spectral Impedance Measurements  and Relaxation Times Analysis	2019	This paper presents an attractive method towards sensing and quantifying theconcentration of dielectric particles suspended in a highly conductive medium.Fast electrical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) measurements were performed, basedon an electrochemical setup and a non-parametric unbiased estimator. Theimpedance data are then mapped from the frequency domain to a time constantdomain via the distribution of relaxation times (DRT) model. It is shown thatapplication of DRT can systematically give a distribution function which isdirectly related with the concentration of micro-colloid samples. As a result,the samples were characterized by high sensitivity and resolution.
Optimal depth-dependent distinguishability bounds for electrical  impedance tomography in arbitrary dimension	2019	The inverse problem of electrical impedance tomography is severely ill-posed.In particular, the resolution of images produced by impedance tomographydeteriorates as the distance from the measurement boundary increases. Suchdepth dependence can be quantified by the concept of distinguishability ofinclusions. This paper considers the distinguishability of perfectly conductingball inclusions inside a unit ball domain, extending and improving knowntwo-dimensional results to an arbitrary dimension $d \geq 2$ with the help ofKelvin transformations. The obtained depth-dependent distinguishability boundsare also proven to be optimal.
Field-dependent surface impedance tensor in amorphous wires with two  types of magnetic anisotropy: helical and circumferential	2002	This paper concerns the theoretical and experimental investigation of themagneto-impedance (MI) effect in amorphous wires in terms of the surfaceimpedance tensor. Physical concepts of MI and problems of significant practicalimportance are discussed using the results obtained. The theoretical analysisis based on employing the asymptotic-series expansion method of solving theMaxwell equations for a ferromagnetic wire with an ac permeability tensor of ageneral form associated with magnetisation rotation. The magneticstructure-dependent impedance tensor is calculated for any frequency andexternal magnetic field, and is not restricted to the case when only strongskin-effect is present. This approach allows us to develop a rigorousquantitative analysis of MI characteristics in wires, depending on the type ofmagnetic anisotropy, the magnitude of dc bias current, and an excitationmethod. The theoretical model has been tested by comparing the obtained resultswith experiment. For the sake of an adequate comparison, the full impedancetensor is measured in CoFeSiB and CoSiB amorphous wires having acircumferential and helical anisotropy, respectively, by determining the S21parameter. In cases, when the rotational dynamics is responsible for theimpedance behaviour, there is a reasonable agreement between the experimentaland theoretical results. Such effects as the ac biased asymmetrical MI in wireswith a circumferential anisotropy, the transformation in MI behaviour caused bya dc current (from that having a symmetric hysteresis to an asymmetricanhysteretic one) in wires with a helical anisotropy are discussed.
Modelization of Thermal Fluctuations in G Protein-Coupled Receptors	2005	We simulate the electrical properties of a device realized by a G proteincoupled receptor (GPCR), embedded in its membrane and in contact with twometallic electrodes through which an external voltage is applied. To thispurpose, recently, we have proposed a model based on a coarse grainingdescription, which describes the protein as a network of elementary impedances.The network is built from the knowledge of the positions of the C-alpha atomsof the amino acids, which represent the nodes of the network. Since theelementary impedances are taken depending of the inter-nodes distance, theconformational change of the receptor induced by the capture of the ligandresults in a variation of the network impedance. On the other hand, thefluctuations of the atomic positions due to thermal motion imply an impedancenoise, whose level is crucial to the purpose of an electrical detection of theligand capture by the GPCR. Here, in particular, we address this issue bypresenting a computational study of the impedance noise due to thermalfluctuations of the atomic positions within a rhodopsin molecule. In our model,the C-alpha atoms are treated as independent, isotropic, harmonic oscillators,with amplitude depending on the temperature and on the position within theprotein (alpha-helix or loop). The relative fluctuation of the impedance isthen calculated for different temperatures.
Wave impedance matrices for cylindrically anisotropic radially  inhomogeneous elastic solids	2010	Impedance matrices are obtained for radially inhomogeneous structures usingthe Stroh-like system of six first order differential equations for the timeharmonic displacement-traction 6-vector. Particular attention is paid to thenewly identified solid-cylinder impedance matrix ${\mathbf Z} (r)$ appropriateto cylinders with material at $r=0$, and its limiting value at that point, thesolid-cylinder impedance matrix ${\mathbf Z}_0$. We show that ${\mathbf Z}_0$is a fundamental material property depending only on the elastic moduli and theazimuthal order $n$, that ${\mathbf Z} (r)$ is Hermitian and ${\mathbf Z}_0$ isnegative semi-definite. Explicit solutions for ${\mathbf Z}_0$ are presentedfor monoclinic and higher material symmetry, and the special cases of $n=0$ and1 are treated in detail. Two methods are proposed for finding ${\mathbf Z}(r)$, one based on the Frobenius series solution and the other using adifferential Riccati equation with ${\mathbf Z}_0$ as initial value. %in aconsistent manner as the solution of an algebraic Riccati equation. Theradiation impedance matrix is defined and shown to be non-Hermitian. Theseimpedance matrices enable concise and efficient formulations of dispersionequations for wave guides, and solutions of scattering and related waveproblems in cylinders.
Multiscale tunability of solitary wave dynamics in tensegrity  metamaterials	2014	A new class of strongly nonlinear metamaterials based on tensegrity conceptsis proposed and the solitary wave dynamics under impact loading isinvestigated. Such systems can be tuned into elastic hardening or elasticsoftening regimes by adjusting local and global prestress. In the softeningregime these metamaterials are able to transform initially compression pulseinto a solitary rarefaction wave followed by oscillatory tail withprogressively decreasing amplitude. Interaction of a compression solitary pulsewith an interface between elastically hardening and softening materials havingcorrespondingly low-high acoustic impedances demonstrates anomalous behavior: atrain of reflected compression solitary waves in the low impedance material;and a transmitted solitary rarefaction wave with oscillatory tail in highimpedance material. The interaction of a rarefaction solitary wave with aninterface between elastically softening and elastically hardening materialswith high-low impedances also demonstrates anomalous behavior: a reflectedsolitary rarefaction wave with oscillatory tail in the high impedance branch;and a delayed train of transmitted compression solitary pulses in the lowimpedance branch. These anomalous impact transformation properties may allowfor the design of ultimate impact mitigation devices without relying on energydissipation.
Robot Impedance Control and Passivity Analysis with Inner Torque and  Velocity Feedback Loops	2014	Impedance control is a well-established technique to control interactionforces in robotics. However, real implementations of impedance control with aninner loop may suffer from several limitations. Although common practice indesigning nested control systems is to maximize the bandwidth of the inner loopto improve tracking performance, it may not be the most suitable approach whena certain range of impedance parameters has to be rendered. In particular, itturns out that the viable range of stable stiffness and damping values can bestrongly affected by the bandwidth of the inner control loops (e.g. a torqueloop) as well as by the filtering and sampling frequency. This paper providesan extensive analysis on how these aspects influence the stability region ofimpedance parameters as well as the passivity of the system. This will besupported by both simulations and experimental data. Moreover, a methodologyfor designing joint impedance controllers based on an inner torque loop and apositive velocity feedback loop will be presented. The goal of the velocityfeedback is to increase (given the constraints to preserve stability) thebandwidth of the torque loop without the need of a complex controller.
A model of electrical impedance tomography on peripheral nerves for a  neural-prosthetic control interface	2017	Objective: A model is presented to evaluate the viability of using electricalimpedance tomography (EIT) with a nerve cuff to record neural activity inperipheral nerves. Approach: Established modelling approaches in neural-EIT areexpanded on to be used, for the first time, on myelinated fibres which areabundant in mammalian peripheral nerves and transmit motor commands. Mainresults: Fibre impedance models indicate activity in unmyelinated fibres can bescreened out using operating frequencies above 100 Hz. At 1 kHz and 10 mmelectrode spacing, impedance magnitude of inactive intra-fascicle tissue andthe fraction changes during neural activity are estimated to be 1,142{\Omega}.cm and -8.8x10-4, respectively, with a transverse current, and 328{\Omega}.cm & -0.30, respectively with a longitudinal current. We show that anovel EIT drive and measurement electrode pattern which utilises longitudinalcurrent and longitudinal differential boundary voltage measurements coulddistinguish activity in different fascicles of a three-fascicle mammalian nerveusing pseudo-experimental data synthesised to replicate real operatingconditions. Significance: The results of this study provide an estimate of thetransient change in impedance of intra-fascicle tissue during neural activityin mammalian nerve, and present a viable EIT electrode pattern, both of whichare critical steps towards implementing EIT in a nerve cuff for neuralprosthetics interfaces.
Wideband impedance measurement techniques in small complex cavities such  as ear simulators and the human ear canal	2018	The multimedia evolution has led to increased audio signal bandwidth in newgenerations of smartphones, headsets, headphones, as well as hearing aids. Fullaudio bandwidth performance, up to 20 kHz, is required. This calls for widerband performance of the ear simulators, and head and torso simulators used bythe industry to evaluate these multimedia devices, as well as a betterunderstanding of the high frequency behaviour of the human ear that thesesimulators are supposed to replicate. Acoustic input impedance measurements arean important parameter when characterizing small complex cavities such as earsimulators and the human ear. Today, this is well covered up to around 8-10kHz. In this study a calibration procedure for measuring wideband impedance isdeveloped, that uses multiple reference loads each defined by a detailedsimulated impedance, in order to increase the applicable frequency bandwidth ofthe measurements. Comparing measured impedance magnitude, calibrated with thisnew procedure, to detailed simulations on a widely used ear simulator (IEC711coupler) shows good agreement in the full audio bandwidth. Furthermore, thecalibration procedure is streamlined to make it suited for a larger scaleimpedance study of the human ear, and measurements in one human ear ispresented.
Real-time Cellular Impedance Monitoring and Imaging of Biological  Barriers in a dual flow membrane bioreactor	2019	The generation of physiologically relevant in-vitro models of biologicalbarriers can play a key role in understanding human diseases and in thedevelopment of more predictive methods for assessing toxicity and drug ornutrient absorption. Here, we present an advanced cell culture system able tomimic the dynamic environment of biological barriers while monitoring cellbehaviour through real-time impedance measurements and imaging. It consists ofa fluidic device with an apical and a basal flow compartment separated by asemi-permeable membrane. The main features of the device are the integration ofa transepithelial electrical impedance (TEEI) meter and transparent windows foroptical monitoring within a dual flow system. Caco-2 cells were cultured in theTEEI bioreactor under both flow and static conditions. Although no differencesin the expression of peripheral actin and occludin were visible, the cells indynamic conditions developed higher impedance values at low frequencies,indicative of a higher paracellular electrical impedance and thus suggestingaccelerated barrier and tight junction formation with respect to the staticcultures. TEEI measurements at high frequency also enabled monitoring theevolution of transcellular impedance during culture. The cells subject to flowshowed a typical RC behaviour, while the controls showed minimal capacitivebehaviour, again highlighting the differences between flow and staticconditions.
Increasing signal amplitude in electrical impedance tomography of neural  activity using a parallel resistor inductor capacitor (RLC) circuit	2019	Objective: To increase the impedance signal amplitude produced during neuralactivity using a novel approach of implementing a parallel resistor inductorcapacitor (RLC) circuit across the current source used in electrical impedancetomography (EIT) of peripheral nerve. Approach: Experiments were performed invitro on sciatic nerve of Sprague-Dawley rats. Design of the RLC circuit wasperformed in electrical circuit modelling software, aided by in vitro impedancemeasurements on nerve and nerve cuff in the range 5 Hz to 50 kHz. Main results:The frequency range 17 +/- 1 kHz was selected for the RLC experiment. The RLCexperiment was performed on four subjects using an RLC circuit designed toproduce a resonant frequency of 17 kHz with a bandwidth of 3.6 kHz, andcontaining a 22 mH inductive element and a 3.45 nF capacitive element. With theRLC circuit connected, relative increases in the impedance signal (+/- 3signoise) of 44 % (+/-15 %), 33 % (+/-30 %), 37 % (+/-8.6 %), and 16 % (+/-19 %)were produced. Significance: The increase in impedance signal amplitude at highfrequencies, generated by the novel implementation of a parallel RLC circuitacross the drive current, improves spatial resolution by increasing the numberof parallel drive currents which can be implemented in a frequency divisionmultiplexed (FDM) EIT system, and aids the long term goal of a real-time FDMEIT system by reducing the need for ensemble averaging.
Bio-mimetic Adaptive Force/Position Control Using Fractal Impedance	2020	The ability of animals to interact with complex dynamics is unmatched inrobots. Especially important to the interaction performances is the onlineadaptation of body dynamics, which can be modeled as an impedance behaviour.However, the variable impedance controller still possesses a challenge in thecurrent control frameworks due to the difficulties of retaining stability whenadapting the controller gains. The fractal impedance controller has beenrecently proposed to solve this issue. However, it still has limitations suchas sudden jumps in force when it starts to converge to the desired position andthe lack of a force feedback loop. In this manuscript, two improvements aremade to the control framework to solve these limitations. The forcediscontinuity has been addressed introducing a modulation of the impedance viaa virtual antagonist that modulates the output force. The force tracking hasbeen modeled after the parallel force/position controller architecture. Incontrast to traditional methods, the fractal impedance controller enables theimplementation of a search algorithm on the force feedback to adapt itsbehaviour on the external environment instead of on relying on \textit{apriori} knowledge of the external dynamics. Preliminary simulation resultspresented in this paper show the feasibility of the proposed approach, and itallows to evaluate the trade-off that needs to be made when relying on theproposed controller for interaction. In conclusion, the proposed method mimicsthe behaviour of an agonist/antagonist system adapting to unknown externaldynamics, and it may find application in computational neuroscience, haptics,and interaction control.
Locating anisotropies in electrical impedance tomography	2001	In this article, we consider the problem of finding the support of aninhomogenous possibly anisotropic inclusion in a background of constantelectric conductivity from the electrical impedance tomography data at theboundary of a bounded body. The article discusses the linear sampling methodapplied to this problem. A practical algorithm for solving this problem issuggested.
Impedances of Tevatron Separators	2003	The impedances of the Tevatron separators are revisited and are found to benegligibly small in the few hundred MHz region, except for resonances at 22.5MHz. The latter are contributions from the power cables which may drivehead-tail instabilities if the bunch is long enough.
Analogy electromagnetism-acoustics: Validation and application to local  impedance active control for sound absorption	2007	An analogy between electromagnetism and acoustics is presented in 2D. Thepropagation of sound in presence of absorbing material is modeled using an openboundary microwave package. Validation is performed through analytical andexperimental results. Application to local impedance active control for freefield sound absorption is finally described.
Study of the forward Dirichlet boundary value problem for the  two-dimensional Electrical Impedance Equation	2012	Using a conjecture that allows to approach separable-variables conductivityfunctions, the elements of the Modern Pseudoanalytic Function Theory are used,for the first time, to numerically solve the Dirichlet boundary value problemof the two-dimensional Electrical Impedance Equation, when the conductivityfunction arises from geometrical figures, located within bounded domains.
Cloaking via change of variables in elastic impedance tomography	2013	We discuss the concept of cloaking for elastic impedance tomography, inwhich, we seek information on the elasticity tensor of an elastic medium fromthe knowledge of measurements on its boundary. We derive some theoreticalresults illustrated by some numerical simulations.
A charge parity ammeter	2013	A metallic double-dot is measured with radio frequency reflectometry. Changesin the total electron number of the double-dot are determined via singleelectron tunnelling contributions to the complex electrical impedance. Electroncounting experiments are performed by monitoring the impedance, demonstratingoperation of a single electron ammeter without the need for external chargedetection.
Impedance operator description of a meta--surface with electric and  magnetic dipoles	2015	A meta-surface made of a collection of nano-resonators characterized anelectric dipole and a magnetic dipole was studied in the regime where thewavelength is large with respect to the size of the resonators. An effectivedescription in terms of an impedance operator was derived.
Mutual Radiation Impedance of Uncollapsed CMUT Cells with Different  Radii	2015	A polynomial approximation is proposed for the mutual acoustic impedancebetween uncollapsed capacitive micromachined ultrasonic transducer (CMUT) cellswith different radii in an infinite rigid baffle. The resulting approximationis employed in simulating CMUTs with a circuit model. A very good agreement isobtained with the corresponding finite element simulation (FEM) result.
Existence of the solution to electromagnetic wave scattering problem for  an impedance body of an arbitrary shape	2015	A new proof is given of the existence of the solution to electromagnetic (EM)wave scattering problem for an impedance body of an arbitrary shape. The proofis based on the elliptic systems theory and elliptic estimates for thesolutions of such systems.
Efficiency of feedbacks for suppression of transverse instabilities of  bunched beams	2016	Which gain and phase have to be set for a bunch-by-bunch transverse damper,and at which chromaticity it is better to stay? These questions are consideredfor three models: the two-particle model with possible quadrupole wake, theauthor's Nested Head-Tail Vlasov solver with a broadband impedance, and thesame with the LHC impedance model.
Dynamic analysis of simultaneous adaptation of force, impedance and  trajectory	2016	When carrying out tasks in contact with the environment, humans are found toconcurrently adapt force, impedance and trajectory. Here we develop a roboticmodel of this mechanism in humans and analyse the underlying dynamics. Wederive a general adaptive controller for the interaction of a robot with anenvironment solely characterised by its stiffness and damping, using Lyapunovtheory.
The Primary Design of the Ridgetron	2016	The ridgetron is used to accelerate the intense beam for the electronirradiation. According to the electromagnetic field simulation, the extendelectrode should be cancelled to increase the shunt impedence. The method ofparameter sweeping with constraint variables (PSCV) is used to scan themechanical parameters of the cavity to optimize the shunt impedence. Thethermal analysis also has been done for water cooling. The beam dynamicsimulation has been done at last.
Surface Impedance Determination via Numerical Resolution of the Inverse  Helmholtz Problem	2017	Assigning boundary conditions, such as acoustic impedance, to the frequencydomain thermoviscous wave equations (TWE), derived from the linearizedNavier-Stokes equations (LNSE) poses a Helmholtz problem, solution to whichyields a discrete set of complex eigenfunctions and eigenvalue pairs. Theproposed method -- the inverse Helmholtz solver (iHS) -- reverses suchprocedure by returning the value of acoustic impedance at one or more unknownimpedance boundaries (IBs) of a given domain, via spatial integration of theTWE for a given real-valued frequency with assigned conditions on otherboundaries. The iHS procedure is applied to a second-order spatialdiscretization of the TWEs on an unstructured staggered grid arrangement. Onlythe momentum equation is extended to the center of each IB face where pressureand velocity components are co-located and treated as unknowns. The iHS isfinally closed via assignment of the surface gradient of pressure phase overthe IBs, corresponding to assigning the shape of the acoustic waveform at theIB. The iHS procedure can be carried out independently for differentfrequencies, making it embarrassingly parallel, and able to return the completebroadband complex impedance distribution at the IBs in any desired frequencyrange to arbitrary numerical precision. The iHS approach is first validatedagainst Rott's theory for viscous rectangular and circular ducts. The impedanceof a toy porous cavity with a complex geometry is then reconstructed andvalidated with companion fully compressible unstructured Navier-Stokessimulations resolving the cavity geometry. Verification against one-dimensionalimpedance test tube calculations based on time-domain impedance boundaryconditions (TDIBC) is also carried out. Finally, results from a preliminaryanalysis of a thermoacoustically unstable cavity are presented.
Combining frequency-difference and ultrasound modulated electrical  impedance tomography	2018	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) is highly affected by modeling errorsregarding electrode positions and the shape of the imaging domain. In thiswork, we propose a new inclusion detection technique that is completelyindependent of such errors. Our new approach is based on a combination offrequency-difference and ultrasound modulated EIT measurements.
Supplementary Material to: Passive Controller Realization of a  Biquadratic Impedance with Double Poles and Zeros as a Seven-Element  Series-Parallel Network for Effective Mechanical Control	2018	"This report presents some supplementary material to the paper entitled""Passive controller realization of a biquadratic impedance with double polesand zeros as a seven-element Series-parallel network for effective mechanicalcontrol"" [1]."
Non-linear microwave impedance of short and long Josephson Junctions	1998	The non-linear dependence on applied $ac$ field ($b_{\omega}$) or current ($%i_{\omega}$) of the microwave (ac) impedance $R_{\omega}+iX_{\omega}$ of bothshort and long Josephson junctions is calculated under a variety of excitationconditions. The dependence on the junction width is studied, for both fieldsymmetric (current anti-symmetric) and field anti-symmetric (current symmetric)excitation configurations.The resistance shows step-like features every time afluxon (soliton) enters the junction, with a corresponding phase slip seen inthe reactance. For finite widths the interference of fluxons leads to someinteresting effects which are described. Many of these calculated results areobserved in microwave impedance measurements on intrinsic and fabricatedJosephson junctions in the high temperature superconductors, and new effectsare suggested. When a $% dc$ field ($b_{dc}$) or current ($i_{dc}$) is applied,interesting phase locking effects are observed in the ac impedance$Z_{\omega}$. In particular an almost periodic dependence on the dc bias isseen similar to that observed in microwave experiments at very low dc fieldbias. These results are generic to all systems with a $\cos (\phi)$ potentialin the overdamped limit and subjected to an ac drive.
Radio-frequency impedance measurements using a tunnel-diode oscillator  (TDO) technique	1999	A resonant method based on a tunnel-diode oscillator (TDO) for precisionmeasurements of relative impedance changes in materials, is described. Thesystem consists of an effective self-resonant LC-tank circuit driven by aforward-biased tunnel diode operating in its negative resistance region.Samples under investigation are placed in the core of an inductive coil andimpedance changes are determined directly from the measured shift in resonancefrequency. A customized low temperature insert is used to integrate thisexperiment with a commercial Model 6000 Physical Property Measurement System(Quantum Design). Test measurements on a manganese-based perovskite sampleexhibiting colossal magneto-resistance (CMR) indicate that this method is wellsuited to study the magneto-impedance in these materials.
Universal Impedance Fluctuations in Wave Chaotic Systems	2004	We experimentally investigate theoretical predictions of universal impedancefluctuations in wave chaotic systems using a microwave analog of a quantumchaotic infinite square well potential. Our approach emphasizes the use of theradiation impedance to remove the non-universal effects of the particularcoupling from the outside world to the scatterer. Specific predictions that wetest include the probability distribution functions (PDFs) of the real (relatedto the local density of states in disordered metals) and imaginary parts of thenormalized cavity impedance, the equality of the variances of these PDFs, andthe dependence of the universal PDFs on a single control parametercharacterizing the level of loss. We find excellent agreement between thestatistical data and theoretical predictions.
Fermi-liquid theory of the surface impedance of a metal in a normal  magnetic field	2006	In this paper we present detailed theoretical analysis of the frequencyand/or magnetic field dependence of the surface impedance of a metal at theanomalous skin effect. We calculate the surface impedance in the presence of amagnetic field directed along the normal to the metal surface. The effects ofthe Fermi-liquid interactions on the surface impedance are studied. It is shownthat the cyclotron resonance in a normal magnetic field may be revealed {\itonly and exclusively} in such metals whose Fermi surfaces include segmentswhere its Gaussian curvature turns zero. The results could be applied toextract extra informations concerning local anomalies in the Fermi surfacecurvature in conventional and quasi-two-dimensional metals.
Excitation Amplitude Dependence of Low Frequency Magneto-impedance of  Amorphous Fe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 Ribbon	2006	Magneto-impedance (MI) of soft ferromagnetic materials is a sensitivefunction of the amplitude and frequency of exciting a.c magnetic field. MI (Z)of amorphous ferromagnetic ribbon of nominal composition Fe73.5Nb3 Cu1 Si13.5B9 is measured at different excitation currents with frequency ranging from30kHz to 120KHz The excitation (a.c) and biasing (d.c) magnetic fields Hdc areparallel to ribbon axis. At zero dc fields, Z exhibits non-linear dependence onexcitation amplitude whereas at higher d.c fields (9Oe) Z is nearly independentof excitation amplitude. The impedance is maximum at zero bias field andsharply decreases as Hdc increases and almost zero hysterisis has been observedas Hdc is scanned. The maximum relative change of impedance(Z(H)-Z(H=0))/Z(H=0) is found to increase from nearly 45 to 60 percent when theexcitation fields goes up from 14A/m to 140A/m. The large MI is associated withscreening of electromagnetic field by magnetization induced by exciting acfield.
Improving antenna near-field pattern by use of artificial impedance  screens	2005	An antenna prototype utilizing artificial impedance surfaces to control thenear field distribution is described. The antenna is a folded dipole placedabove a finite-size artificial impedance surface. We have found that the fieldscreening is most effective if the surface is a metal conductor. However, toachieve a reasonable value of the radiation resistance the dipole should belocated far off the screen. If the surface is a magnetic wall, the antennadesign is more compact, but the field behind the screen is large. Here werealize a compromise solution using an inductive surface of a moderate surfaceimpedance, which allows realization of an effective near-field screen withstill a reasonably low-profile design.
How do clarinet players adjust the resonances of their vocal tracts for  different playing effects	2005	"In a simple model, the reed of the clarinet is mechanically loaded by theseries combination of the acoustical impedances of the instrument itself and ofthe player's vocal tract. Here we measure the complex impedance spectrum ofplayers' tracts using an impedance head adapted to fit inside a clarinetmouthpiece. A direct current shunt with high acoustical resistance allowsplayers to blow normally, so the players can simulate the tract condition underplaying conditions. The reproducibility of the results suggest that theplayers' ""muscle memory"" is reliable for this task. Most players use a single,highly stable vocal tract configuration over most of the playing range, exceptfor the altissimo register. However, this 'normal' configuration variessubstantially among musicians. All musicians change the configuration, oftendrastically for ""special effects'' such as glissandi and slurs: the tongue islowered and the impedance magnitude reduced when the player intends to lowerthe pitch or to slur downwards, and vice versa."
On Artificial Magneto-Dielectric Loading for Improving the Impedance  Bandwidth Properties of Microstrip Antennas	2005	In the present paper we discuss the effect of artificial magneto-dielectricsubstrates on the impedance bandwidth properties of microstrip antennas. Theresults found in the literature for antenna miniaturization using magnetic ormagneto-dielectric substrates are revised, and discussion is addressed to thepractically realizable artificial magnetic media operating in the microwaveregime. Using a transmission-line model we, first, reproduce the known resultsfor antenna miniaturization with non-dispersive material fillings. Next, arealistic dispersive behavior of a practically realizable artificial substrateis embedded into the model, and we show that frequency dispersion of thesubstrate plays a very important role in the impedance bandwidthcharacteristics of the loaded antenna. The impedance bandwidths of reduced sizepatch antennas loaded with dispersive magneto-dielectric substrates andhigh-permittivity substrates are compared. It is shown that unlike substrateswith dispersion-free permeability, practically realizable artificial substrateswith dispersive magnetic permeability are not advantageous in antennaminiaturization. This conclusion is experimentally validated.
On Impedance Bandwidth of Resonant Patch Antennas Implemented Using  Structures with Engineered Dispersion	2006	We consider resonant patch antennas, implemented using loadedtransmission-line networks and other exotic structures having engineereddispersion. An analytical expression is derived for the ratio of radiationquality factors of such antennas and conventional patch antennas loaded with(reference) dielectrics. In the ideal case this ratio depends only on thepropagation constant and wave impedance of the structure under test, and it canbe conveniently used to study what kind of dispersion leads to improvedimpedance bandwidth. We illustrate the effect of dispersion by implementing aresonant patch antenna using a periodic network of LC elements. The analyticalresults predicting enhanced impedance bandwidth compared to the referenceresults are validated using a commercial circuit simulator. Discussion isconducted on the practical limitations for the use of the proposed expression.
Comment on ''Surface-impedance approach solves problems with the thermal  Casimir force between real metals''	2003	In a recent paper, Geyer, Klimchitskaya, and Mostepanenko [Phys. Rev. A 67,062102 (2003); quant-ph/0306038] proposed the final solution of the problem oftemperature correction to the Casimir force between real metals. The basic ideawas that one cannot use the dielectric permittivity in the frequency regionwhere a real current may arise leading to Joule heating of the metal. Instead,the surface impedance approach is proposed as a solution of all contradictions.The purpose of this comment is to show that (i) the main idea contradicts tothe fluctuation dissipation theorem, (ii) the proposed method to calculate theforce gives wrong value of the temperature correction since the contribution oflow frequency fluctuations is calculated with the impedance which is notapplicable at low frequencies. In the impedance approach the right result forthe reflection coefficients in the n=0 term of the Lifshitz formula is given.
An Efficient and Simple Analytical Model for Analysis of Propagation  Properties in Impedance Waveguides	2007	In this paper propagation properties of a parallel-plate waveguide withtunable artificial impedance surfaces as sidewalls are studied bothanalytically and numerically. The impedance surfaces comprise an array ofpatches over a dielectric slab with embedded metallic vias. The tunability ofsurfaces is achieved with varactors. Simple design equations for tunableartificial impedance surfaces as well as dispersion equations for the TE and TMmodes are presented. The propagation properties are studied in three differentregimes: a multi-mode waveguide, a single-mode waveguide, and below-cutoffwaveguide. The analytical results are verified with numerical simulations.
Frequency Analysis of Decoupling Capacitors for Three Voltage Supplies  in SoC	2007	Reduction in power consumption has become a major criterion of design inmodern ICs. One such scheme to reduce power consumption by an IC is the use ofmultiple power supplies for critical and non-critical paths. To maintain theimpedance of a power distribution system below a specified level, multipledecoupling capacitors are placed at different levels of power grid hierarchy.This paper describes about three-voltage supply power distribution systems. Thenoise at one power supply can propagate to the other power supply, causingpower and signal integrity problems in the overall system. Effects such asanti-resonance and remedies for these effects are studied. Impedance of thethree-voltage supply power distribution system is calculated in terms ofRLC-model of decoupling capacitors. Further the obtained impedance depends onthe frequency; hence brief frequency analysis of impedance is done.
Combination of Thermal Subsystems Modelled by Rapid Circuit  Transformation	2008	This paper will deal with the modeling-problem of combining thermalsubsystems (e.g. a semiconductor module or package with a cooling radiator)making use of reduced models. The subsystem models consist of a set ofFoster-type thermal equivalent circuits, which are only behavioral models. Afast al-gorithm is presented for transforming the Foster-type circuits inCauer-circuits which have physical behavior and therefore allow for theconstruction of the thermal model of the complete system. Then the set ofCauer-circuits for the complete system is transformed back into Foster-circuitsto give a simple mathematical representation and applicability. Thetransfor-mation algorithms are derived in concise form by use of recur-siverelations. The method is exemplified by modeling and measurements on a singlechip IGBT package mounted on a closed water cooled radiator. The thermalimpedance of the complete system is constructed from the impedances of thesub-systems, IGBT-package and radiator, and also the impedance of the packagecan be inferred from the measured impedance of the complete system.
Beam Coupling Impedance Measurement and Mitigation for a TOTEM Roman Pot	2008	The longitudinal and transverse beam coupling impedance of the first finalTOTEM Roman Pot unit has been measured in the laboratory with the wire method.For the evaluation of transverse impedance the wire position has been keptconstant, and the insertions of the RP were moved asymmetrically. With theoriginal configuration of the RP, resonances with fairly high Q values wereobserved. In order to mitigate this problem, RF-absorbing ferrite plates weremounted in appropriate locations. As a result, all resonances were sufficientlydamped to meet the stringent LHC beam coupling impedance requirements.
Evaluation of the acoustic and non-acoustic properties of sound  absorbing materials using a three-microphone impedance tube	2010	This paper presents a straightforward application of an indirect method basedon a three-microphone impedance tube setup to determine the non-acousticproperties of a sound absorbing porous material. First, a three-microphoneimpedance tube technique is used to measure some acoustic properties of thematerial (i.e., sound absorption coefficient, sound transmission loss,effective density and effective bulk modulus) regarded here as an equivalentfluid. Second, an indirect characterization allows one to extract itsnon-acoustic properties (i.e., static airflow resistivity, tortuosity, viscousand thermal characteristic lengths) from the measured effective properties andthe material open porosity. The procedure is applied to four different soundabsorbing materials and results of the characterization are compared withexisting direct and inverse methods. Predictions of the acoustic behavior usingan equivalent fluid model and the found non-acoustic properties are in goodagreement with impedance tube measurements.
Analysis of the wave propagation properties of a periodic array of rigid  cylinders perpendicular to a finite impedance surface	2011	The effect of the presence of a finite impedance surface on the wavepropagation properties of a two-dimensional periodic array of rigid cylinderswith their axes perpendicular to the surface is both numerically andexperimentally analyzed in this work. In this realistic situation both theincident and the scattered waves interact with these two elements, the surfaceand the array. The interaction between the excess attenuation effect, due tothe destructive interference produced by the superposition of the incident waveand the reflected one by the surface, and the bandgap, due to the periodicityof the array, is fundamental for the design of devices to control thetransmission of waves based on periodic arrays. The most obvious application isperhaps the design of Sonic Crystals Noise Barriers. Two different finiteimpedance surfaces have been analyzed in the work in order to observe thedependence of the wave propagation properties on the impedance of the surface.
Analysis of impedance and noise data of an X-ray transition-edge sensor  using complex thermal models	2011	The so-called excess noise limits the energy resolution of transition-edgesensor (TES) detectors, and its physical origin has been unclear, with manycompeting models proposed. Here we present the noise and impedance dataanalysis of a rectangular X-ray Ti/Au TES fabricated at SRON. To account forall the major features in the impedance and noise data simultaneously, we haveused a thermal model consisting of three blocks of heat capacities, whereas atwo-block model is clearly insufficient. The implication is that, for thesedetectors, the excess noise is simply thermal fluctuation noise of the internalparts of the device. Equations for the impedance and noise for a three-blockmodel are also given.
First characterization of a new method for numerically solving the  Dirichlet problem of the two-dimensional Electrical Impedance Equation	2012	Based upon elements of the modern Pseudoanalytic Function Theory, we analysea new method for numerically approaching the solution of the Dirichlet boundaryvalue problem, corresponding to the two-dimensional Electrical ImpedanceEquation. The analysis is performed by interpolating piecewiseseparable-variables conductivity functions, that are eventually used in thenumerical calculations in order to obtain finite sets of orthonormal functions,whose linear combinations succeed to approach the imposed boundary conditions.To warrant the effectiveness of the numerical method, we study six differentexamples of conductivity. The boundary condition for every case is selectedconsidering one exact solution of the Electrical Impedance Equation. The workintends to discuss the contributions of these results into the field of theElectrical Impedance Tomography.
Evaluation of the Beam Coupling Impedance of New Beam Screen Designs for  the LHC Injection Kicker Magnets	2012	During the 2011 run of the LHC there was a significant measured temperatureincrease in the LHC Injection Kicker Magnets (MKI) during operation with 50nsbunch spacing. This was due to increased beam-induced heating of the magnet dueto beam impedance. Due to concerns about future heating with the increasedtotal intensity to nominal and ultimate luminosities a review of the impedancereduction techniques within the magnet was required. A number of new beamscreen designs are proposed and their impedance evaluated. Heating estimatesare also given with a particular attention paid to future intensity upgrades toultimate parameters.
Redefining the Attraction Measure, Scaling Exponent and Impedance  Function of the Gravity Model	2013	The attraction measure, scaling exponent, and impedance function of thegravity model are redefined using the concepts from fractals and spatialcomplexity. Firstly, the attraction measure of spatial interaction in humansystems is defined by the product of traffic inflow and outflow. Based on thenew definition, the gravity model originating from the Newtonian analogy isdifferentiated from Wilson's spatial interaction model deriving fromentropy-maximizing principle. Secondly, the scaling exponent of the gravitymodel based on the inverse distance relationship is revealed to be the ratio ofthe fractal dimension of networks of cities to that of hierarchies of cities.The value of the scaling exponent is then shown to approach to 2, whichcorresponds to the value of the power exponent of the law of gravity inclassical physics. Thirdly, the inverse power function is demonstrated to bemore acceptable than the negative exponential function as an impedance functionof the gravity model. The limits of application of different gravity modelsbased on different impedance functions are brought to light. Applying theexpanded theory and models to China's interregional flows yields satisfyingresults, which in turn lend further support to the expanded theory and models.
Reflectionless design of optical elements using impedance-tunable  coordinate transformation	2013	We report a new strategy to remove the reflections resulted from the finiteembedded transformation-optical design by proposing an impedance-tunablecoordinate transformation, on which the functions of impedance coefficients canbe derived in the original space without changing the refractive index. Basedon the new approach, two-dimensional (2D) reflectionless beamcompressors/expanders, bends, shifters and splitters are designed using themodified anisotropic medium. It is found that the reflections can be removed inmagnetic response materials for TE polarization or dielectric responsematerials for TM polarization. The numerical simulations confirm that variousreflectionless optical elements can be realized in the pure transformationoptics. The impedance-tunable coordinate transformation can be generalized tothree-dimensional (3D) cases and be applied to other transformation-opticaldesigns.
Approximate longitudinal space charge impedances of a round beam between  parallel plates and inside a rectangular chamber	2014	This paper presents the approximate analytical solutions to the longitudinalspace charge (LSC) impedances of a round beam with uniform transversedistribution and sinusoidal line density modulations under two boundaryconditions: (a) between parallel plates (b) inside a rectangular chamber,respectively. When the ratio of beam diameter to chamber height is small, theimage charge fields of the round beam can be approximated by those of a linecharge, the approximate analytical LSC impedances can be obtained by imagemethod. The derived theoretical LSC impedances are valid at any perturbationwavelength and are consistent well with the numerical simulation results in alarge range of ratios of beam diameters to chamber heights.
Multicomponent Gas Diffusion in Porous Electrodes	2014	Multicomponent gas transport is investigated with unprecedented precision byAC impedance analysis of porous YSZ anode-supported solid oxide fuel cells. Afuel gas mixture of H2-H2O-N2 is fed to the anode, and impedance data aremeasured across the range of hydrogen partial pressure (10-100%) for opencircuit conditions at three temperatures (800C, 850C and 900C) and for 300mAapplied current at 800C. For the first time, analytical formulae for thediffusion resistance (Rb) of three standard models of multicomponent gastransport (Fick, Stefan-Maxwell, and Dusty Gas) are derived and tested againstthe impedance data. The tortuosity is the only fitting parameter since all thediffusion coefficients are known. Only the Dusty Gas model leads to aremarkable data collapse for over twenty experimental conditions, using aconstant tortuosity consistent with permeability measurements and the Bruggemanrelation. These results establish the accuracy of the Dusty Gas model formulticomponent gas diffusion in porous media and confirm the efficacy ofelectrochemical impedance analysis to precisely determine transport mechanisms.
Impedance generalization for plasmonic waveguides beyond the lumped  circuit model	2013	We analytically derive a rigorous expression for the relative impedance ratiobetween two photonic structures based on their electromagnetic interaction. Ourapproach generalizes the physical meaning of the impedance to a measure for thereciprocity-based overlap of eigenmodes. The consistence with known cases inthe radiofrequency and optical domain is shown. The analysis reveals where theapplicability of simple circuit parameters ends and how the impedance can beinterpreted beyond this point. We illustrate our approach by successfullydescribing a Bragg reflector that terminates an insulator-metal-insulatorplasmonic waveguide in the near-infrared by our mpedance concept.
Impedance spectroscopy of ions at liquid-liquid interfaces	2013	The possibility to extract properties of an interface between two immiscibleliquids, e.g., electrolyte solutions or polyelectrolyte multilayers, by meansof impedance spectroscopy is investigated theoretically within a dynamicdensity functional theory which is equivalent to the Nernst-Planck-Poissontheory. A novel approach based on a two-step fitting procedure of an equivalentcircuit to impedance spectra is proposed which allows to uniquely separate bulkand interfacial elements. Moreover, the proposed method avoids overfitting ofthe bulk properties of the two liquids in contact and underfitting of theinterfacial properties, as they might occur for standard one-step procedures.The key idea is to determine the bulk elements of the equivalent circuit in afirst step by fitting corresponding sub-circuits to the spectra of uniformelectrolyte solutions, and afterwards fitting the full equivalent circuit withfixed bulk elements to the impedance spectrum containing the interface. Thisapproach is exemplified for an equivalent circuit which leads to a physicallyintuitive qualitative behavior as well as to quantitively realistic values ofthe interfacial elements. The proposed method is robust such that it can beexpected to be applicable to a wide class of systems with liquid-liquidinterfaces.
Theoretical Analysis of the Characteristic Impedance in  Metal-Insulator-Metal Plasmonic Transmission Lines	2013	We propose a closed form formulation for the impedance of theMetal-Insulator-Metal (MIM) plasmonic transmission lines by solving theMaxwell's equations. We provide approximations for thin and thick insulatorlayers sandwiched between metallic layers. In the case of very thin dielectriclayer, the surface waves on both interfaces are strongly coupled resulting inan almost linear dependence of the impedance of the plasmonic transmission lineon the thickness of the insulator layer. On the other hand, for very thickinsulator layer, the impedance does not vary with the insulator layer thicknessdue to the weak-coupling/decoupling of the surface waves on eachmetal-insulator interface. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposedformulation using two test scenarios, namely, almost zero reflection inTee-junction and reflection from line discontinuity in the design of Braggreflectors, where we compare our formulation against previously publishedresults.
Surface Impedance and Bulk Band Geometric Phases in One-Dimensional  Systems	2014	Surface impedance is an important concept in classical wave systems such asphotonic crystals (PCs). For example, the condition of an interface stateformation in the interfacial region of two different one-dimensional PCs issimply Z_SL +Z_SR=0, where Z_SL (Z_SR)is the surface impedance of thesemi-infinite PC on the left- (right-) hand side of the interface. Here, wealso show a rigorous relation between the surface impedance of aone-dimensional PC and its bulk properties through the geometrical (Zak) phasesof the bulk bands, which can be used to determine the existence ornon-existence of interface states at the interface of the two PCs in aparticular band gap. Our results hold for any PCs with inversion symmetry,independent of the frequency of the gap and the symmetry point where the gaplies in the Brillouin Zone. Our results provide new insights on therelationship between surface scattering properties, the bulk band propertiesand the formation of interface states, which in turn can enable the design ofsystems with interface states in a rational manner.
Space charge impedances of a rectangular beam with longitudinal density  modulations inside a rectangular chamber	2014	This paper studies the space charge impedances of a rectangular beam inside arectangular chamber, and the limiting case, e.g., a rectangular beam betweenparallel plates, respectively. The charged beam has uniform density in verticaldirection and arbitrary distribution in horizontal direction. The method ofseparation of variables is used to calculate the space charge potentials,fields, and impedances which are valid in the whole perturbation wavelengthspectrum. Comparisons between the theoretical calculations and the numericalsimulations are also provided and they match quite well. It is shown that therectangular beam shape may help to reduce the longitudinal space chargeimpedances.
Broadband Impedance Calculations and Single Bunch Instabilities  Estimations of the HLS-II storage ring	2015	The upgrade project of Hefei Light Source storage ring is under way. In thispaper, the broadband impedances of resistive wall and coated ceramic vacuumchamber were calculated using the analytic formula, the wake fields andimpedances of other designed vacuum chambers have been simulated by the CSTcode, and then the broadband impedances model was obtained. Using thetheoretical formula, longitudinal and transverse single bunch instabilitieswere discussed. With the carefully-designed vacuum chamber, we find that thethresholds of the beam instabilities are higher than the beam current goal.
Prediction of the vibroacoustic response of a structure-liner-fluid  system based on a patch transfer function approach and direct experimental  subsystem characterisation	2016	The vibro-acoustic response of a structure-liner-fluid system is predicted byapplication of a patch impedance coupling methodology. In contrast to existingnumerical approaches, impedance matrices of structure and liner are determinedby a direct experimental approach, avoiding the requirement of materialparameters. Emphasis is placed on poroelastic lining materials. The methodaccounts for surface input and transfer terms and for cross and cross-transferterms through the specimen. A single test-rig characterisation procedure forlayered poroelastic media is proposed. The specimen is considered as a singlecomponent -- no separation of layers is necessary. Problem specific boundaryconditions for skeleton and fluid, which may cause non-reciprocal cross terms,are dealt with by the procedure. Methods of measurement for the assessment ofimpedance matrices are presented and their accuracy and limitations arediscussed. An air gap correction method for surface impedance measurements ispresented.
High Quality Stepped-Impedance Resonators Suitable for Circuit-QED  Measurement of Superconducting Artificial Atoms	2016	High quality factor coplanar resonators are critical elements insuperconducting quantum circuits. We describe the design, fabrication andmeasurement of stepped impedance resonators (SIRs), which are more compact insize than commonly used uniform impedance resonators (UIRs). With properlychosen impedance ratio, SIRs can be 27% shorter than UIRs. As a result, thearea occupied by SIRs can be reduced. Two kinds of designs containing both SIRsand UIRs are fabricated and measured. The power dependence of the extractedinternal quality factors (Qi) for all the resonators showed that SIRs and UIRshave comparable performance with Qi around half-million under single-photonlevel excitation. These results indicate that SIRs could be used insuperconducting quantum circuits. The reduced size of SIRs may also lead toreduced overall circuit area and increased integration level.
Impedance and electrical properties of Cu doped ZnO thin films	2017	Cu doped transparent ZnO thin films were spin coated on conductive glasssubstrates. The samples were subsequently annealed in air for 1 hour at 500 0Cin order to form the phase of ZnO. ZnO samples were doped with different Cumolar percentages up to 5%. The impedance and photovoltaic properties of samplewere measured. Photocurrent and photovoltage of doped and undoped samples weremeasured in KI/I2 electrolyte. Adding a trace amount of Cu improved theconducting properties of ZnO samples without changing other basic properties ofZnO. The photocurrent gradually increases with the doping concentration due tothe high conducting properties of Cu. Investigation was carried out only up tothe doping concentration of 5%, because higher doping concentrations maysignificantly influence the other properties of ZnO such as transparence of thefilm. Impedance of samples was determined by fitting the data to an equivalentcircuit. The impedance reaches the maximum value at Cu concentrations of 3%.
Numerical Calculations of Wake Fields and Impedances of LHC Collimators'  Real Structures	2015	The LHC collimators have very complicated mechanical designs includingmovable jaws made of higly resistive materials, ferrite materials, tiny RFcontacts. Since the jaws are moved very close to the circulating beams theircontribution in the overall LHC coupling impedance is dominant, with respect toother machine components. For these reasons accurate simulation of collimators'impedance becomes very important and challenging. Besides, several dedicatedtests have been performed to verify correct simulations of lossy dispersivematerial properties, such as resistive wall and ferrites, benchmarking coderesults with analytical, semi-analytical and other numerical codes outcomes.Here we describe all the performed numerical tests and discuss the results ofLHC collimators' impedances and wake fields calculations.
Tunable Extremely Asymmetric Acoustic Metasurfaces Made by Coupled  Membrane Resonators	2017	We report the experimental demonstration of tunable asymmetric acousticmetasurfaces with extreme contrast, made by two decorated membrane resonators(DMRs) coupled via a sealed air column. The front side of the metasurface isimpedance matched to air and perfectly absorbing, while the backside is hardand totally reflecting. When a suitable DC voltage is applied to the backsideDMR with proper electrodes, the surface impedance of the back side of themetasurfaces can be tuned from one extreme to the other, such that the backsidebecomes impedance matched to air and totally absorbing, while the front sidebecomes perfectly reflecting. The metasurface also exhibits high transmissioncontrast around two frequencies. The tunability of the reflection is over 23 dBat 388 Hz, and that of the transmission is over 33 dB at 240 Hz and 590 Hz with600 V of applied voltage. We further demonstrate one-side impedance matchedmetasurface with tunable working frequency 324.2 Hz to 335 Hz and reflectioncontrast over 31 dB.
Generalized linearization techniques in electrical impedance tomography	2017	Electrical impedance tomography aims at reconstructing the interiorelectrical conductivity from surface measurements of currents and voltages. Asthe current-voltage pairs depend nonlinearly on the conductivity, impedancetomography leads to a nonlinear inverse problem. Often, the forward problem islinearized with respect to the conductivity and the resulting linear inverseproblem is regarded as a subproblem in an iterative algorithm or as a simplereconstruction method as such. In this paper, we compare this basiclinearization approach to linearizations with respect to the resistivity or thelogarithm of the conductivity. It is numerically demonstrated that theconductivity linearization often results in compromised accuracy in bothforward and inverse computations. Inspired by these observations, we presentand analyze a new linearization technique which is based on the logarithm ofthe Neumann-to-Dirichlet operator. The method is directly applicable todiscrete settings, including the complete electrode model. We also considerFr\'echet derivatives of the logarithmic operators. Numerical examples indicatethat the proposed method is an accurate way of linearizing the problem ofelectrical impedance tomography.
Detecting inclusions with a generalized impedance condition from  electrostatic data via sampling	2017	In this paper, we derive a Sampling Method to solve the inverse shape problemof recovering an inclusion with a generalized impedance condition fromelectrostatic Cauchy data. The generalized impedance condition is asecond-order differential operator applied to the boundary of the inclusion. Weassume that the Dirichlet-to-Neumann mapping is given from measuring thecurrent on the outer boundary from an imposed voltage. A simple numericalexample is given to show the effectiveness of the proposed inversion method forrecovering the inclusion. We also consider the inverse impedance problem ofdetermining the material parameters from the Dirichlet-to-Neumann mappingassuming the inclusion has been reconstructed where uniqueness for thereconstruction of the coefficients is proven.
Theoretical interpretation of Warburg's impedance in electrolytic cells	2017	We discuss the origin of Warburg's impedance in electrolytic cells containingonly one group of positive and one group of negative ions. Our analysis isbased on the Poisson-Nernst-Planck model, where the generation-recombinationphenomenon is neglected. We show that to observe Warburg's like impedance thediffusion coefficient of the positive ions has to differen from that of thenegative one, and furthermore that the electrodes have to be not blocking. Weassume that the non-blocking properties of the electrodes can be described bymeans of an Ohmic model, where the charge exchange between the cell and theexternal circuit is described by means of an electrode conductivity. Forsimplicity we consider a symmetric cell. However, our analysis can be easilygeneralized to more complicated situations, where the cell is not symmetric andthe charge exchange is described by Chang-Jaffe model, or by a linearizedversion of Butler-Volmer equation. Our analysis allows to justify theexpression for Warburg's impedance proposed previously by several groups, basedon wrong assumptions.
Direct current conditioning to reduce the electrical impedance of the  electrode to skin contact in physiological recording and stimulation	2017	Direct and alternating current iontophoresis and electro-osmosismethodologies have provided new methods of transcutaneous drug delivery. Abyproduct of such methods is lowering the electrical impedance of the electrodeto skin contact, as conductive ions permeate the stratum corneum, the primaryresistive layer of the skin. We developed a method for adapting iontophoresisto condition the electrode to skin contact, both for electrophysiologicalrecording and electrical stimulation of body tissues. By utilizing directcurrent to treat electrodes with high impedance we show the effectiveness ofiontopheresis as a driving force for permeation of ionic electrolyte into theskin barrier. We applied direct current (DC) levels of 50 {\mu}A to electrodeson the human head for 30 seconds with paste (Nihon Kohden Elefix) electrolyte.Typically immediately after DC treatment conditioning there was an impedancedrop of 10-30%. The effect was lasting over several hours, with the pasteelectrolyte. These results demonstrate the feasibility of DC conditioning toreduce the set time of electrolytic solutions and to maintain good skin contactduring extended recording or stimulation sessions.
Local impedance on a rough surface of a chiral $p$-wave superconductor	2018	We develop a self-consistent approach for calculating the local impedance ata rough surface of a chiral $p$-wave superconductor. Using the quasiclassicalEilenberger-Larkin-Ovchinnikov formalism, we numerically find the pairpotential, pairing functions, and the surface density of states taking intoaccount diffusive electronic scattering at the surface. The obtained solutionsare then employed for studying the local complex conductivity and surfaceimpedance in the broad range of microwave frequencies (ranging from subgap toabove-gap values). We identify anomalous features of the surface impedancecaused by generation of odd-frequency superconductivity at the surface. Theresults are compared with experimental data for Sr$_2$RuO$_4$ and provide amicroscopic explanation of the phenomenological two-fluid model suggestedearlier to explain anomalous features of the microwave response in thismaterial.
A Multichannel Real-Time Bioimpedance Measurement Device for Pulse Wave  Analysis	2019	Pulse wave analysis is an important method used to gather information aboutthe cardiovascular system. Instead of detecting the pulse wave via pressuresensors, bioimpedance measurements can be performed to acquire minusculechanges in the conductivity of the tissue, caused by the pulse wave. This workpresents a microcontroller-based bioimpedance measurement system, which has thecapability to acquire impedance measurements from up to four independentchannels simultaneously. By combining a problem-specific analog measurementcircuit with a 24 bits analog-to-digital converter, the system is capable ofacquiring 1000 impedances per second with a signal-to-noise ratio in a rangefrom 92 to 96 dB. For data storage and analysis, the digitized data are sentvia universal serial bus to a host PC. A graphical user interface filters andplots the data of all channels in real-time. The performance of the systemregarding measuring constant impedances, as well as impedance changes over timeis demonstrated. Two different applications for pulse wave analysis viamultichannel bioimpedance measurements are presented. Additionally, firstmeasurement results from a human subject are shown to demonstrate the system'sapplicability of analyzing the pulse wave morphology as well as the aorticpulse wave velocity.
Aortic pulse wave velocity measurement via heart sounds and impedance  plethysmography	2019	Full abstract in the manuscript.
Slow sound laser in lined flow ducts	2019	We consider the propagation of sound in a waveguide with an impedance wall.In the low frequency regime, the first effect of the impedance is to decreasethe propagation speed of acoustic waves. Therefore, a flow in the duct canexceed the wave propagation speed at low Mach numbers, making it effectivelysupersonic. We analyze a setup where the impedance along the wall varies suchthat the duct is supersonic then subsonic in a finite region and supersonicagain. In this specific configuration, the subsonic region act as a resonantcavity, and triggers a laser-like instability. We show that the instability ishighly subwavelength. Besides, if the subsonic region is small enough, theinstability is static. We also analyze the effect of a shear flow layer nearthe impedance wall. Although its presence significantly alter the instability,its main properties are maintained.
Electric circuits for non-Hermitian Chern insulators	2019	We analyze the non-Hermitian Haldane model where the spin-orbit interactionis made non-Hermitian. The Dirac mass becomes complex. We propose to realize itby an $LC$ circuit with operational amplifiers. A topological phase transitionis found to occur at a critical point where the real part of the bulk spectrumis closed. The Chern number changes its value when the real part of the massbecomes zero. In the topological phase of a nanoribbon, two non-Hermitianchiral edges emerge connecting well separated conduction and valence bands. Theemergence of the chiral edge states is signaled by a strong enhancement inimpedance. Remarkably it is possible to observe either the left-going orright-going chiral edge by measuring the one-point impedance. Furthermore, itis also possible to distinguish them by the phase of the two-point impedance.Namely, the phase of the impedance acquires a dynamical degree of freedom inthe non-Hermitian system.
Electrochemical impedance of electrodiffusion in charged medium under  $dc$ bias	2019	An immobile charged species provides a charged medium for transport of chargecarriers that is exploited in many applications, such as permselectivemembranes, doped semiconductors, biological ion channels, as well as porousmedia and microchannels with surface charges. In this paper, we theoreticallystudy the electrochemical impedance of electrodiffusion in a charged medium byemploying the Nernst-Planck equation and the electroneutrality condition with abackground charge density. The impedance response is obtained under differentdc bias conditions, extending above the diffusion-limiting bias. We find atransition in the impedance behavior around the diffusion-limiting bias, andpresent an analytical approximation for a weakly charged medium under anoverlimiting bias.
An equivalent-effect phenomenon in eddy current non-destructive testing  of thin structures	2019	The inductance/impedance due to thin metallic structures in non-destructivetesting (NDT) is difficult to evaluate. In particular, in Finite Element Method(FEM) eddy current simulation, an extremely fine mesh is required to accuratelysimulate skin effects especially at high frequencies, and this could cause anextremely large total mesh for the whole problem, i.e. including, for example,other surrounding structures and excitation sources like coils. Consequently,intensive computation requirements are needed. In this paper, anequivalent-effect phenomenon is found, which has revealed that alternativestructures can produce the same effect on the sensor response, i.e. mutualimpedance/inductance of coupled coils if a relationship (reciprocalrelationship) between the electrical conductivity and the thickness of thestructure is observed. By using this relationship, the mutualinductance/impedance can be calculated from the equivalent structures with muchfewer mesh elements, which can significantly save the computation time. In eddycurrent NDT, coils inductance/impedance is normally used as a criticalparameter for various industrial applications, such as flaw detection, coatingand microstructure sensing. Theoretical derivation, measurements andsimulations have been presented to verify the feasibility of the proposedphenomenon.
Structural, Electrical, Magnetic and Impedance Behaviour of NdFeO3  Modified Ba0.7Sr0.3TiO3 Ceramics	2019	NdFeO3 modified polycrystalline ceramics with composition(NdFeO3)0.1-(Ba0.7Sr0.3TiO3)0.9 (NFBST) ceramics have been synthesized viasolid-state reaction route. The Rietveld refinement of the XRD data confirmedthe existence of a tetragonal phase (P4mm) and a hexagonal phase (P63/mmc) inthe prepared sample. The coexistence of phases has been also further confirmedfrom the Raman spectroscopy. The SEM image revealed dense microstructure withwell packed grains of different sizes. At room temperature lossy P-E loop andweak ferromagnetism is observed in NFBST system. Complex impedance spectroscopy(CIS) as a function of frequency (100 Hz to 1 MHz) at different temperatures(RT to 700K) has been employed to study the electrical behaviour in NFBSTceramic. Two semicircular arcs in the Cole-Cole plot manifested the grain andgrain boundary contribution in overall impedance. The detail complex modulusanalysis and ac fitted conductivity data authenticated correlated barrierhopping CBH to be responsible for electrical as well as conduction phenomena inNFBST. Oxygen vacancies are responsible for relaxation and conduction processesin NFBST ceramics as divulged from the activation energy values estimated fromelectrical impedance, modulus, and conductivity data.
Crossover between small polaron hopping and Mott's variable range  hopping in Pr2MgTiO6	2019	A combined study of X-ray diffraction (XRD) pattern and Raman spectrumauthenticates the lower symmetric orthorhombic Pnma structure for solid-statesynthesized Pr2MgTiO6 (PMT). The Ag mode demonstrates itself as a breathingvibration of the TiO6 octahedra. The ac conductivity, dielectric relaxation,and impedance spectra highlight the joint contributions of the grain-boundariesand grain microstructures to the charge carrier dynamics in PMT. The doublepower-law formalism is accepted to fit ac conductivity spectra. The relaxationspectra has a non-ideal nature with the circulation of relaxation time asobserved from the impedance spectroscopic data. An equivalent circuit model hasbeen employed for fitting impedance data using a constant phase element (CPE)model. The dc conductivity investigation points towards a crossover from smallpolaron hopping to Mott s variable range hopping due to lowering activationenergy. The crossover between two different conduction mechanisms (Mott svariable range and small polaron hopping) is investigated using a conjunctionof thermal varying conductivity, dielectric relaxation and impedance spectrumin polycrystalline PMT.
Effect of LaNiO3 on the impedance and dielectric properties of CoFe2O4:  a high temperature study	2019	We report the high temperature impedance and dielectric measurement of thenanocomposites comprising of CoFe2O4 (CFO) and LaNiO3 (LNO) by changing thecontent of LaNiO3 (0, 5, 10 and 15 %). The aim of the present study is torelate the structural defects expected at the interfaces of the composites withthe result of impedance and dielectrics. The result separately shows the grain,grain boundary and electrode relaxation behaviour in the impedance and modulusspectroscopy. As calculated using Arrhenius law it indicates a reducedactivation energy of the grain boundary in the presence of LNO compared to pureCFO. This assists the charge carriers for short range hopping across theboundary as reflected from ac conductivity. The dielectric constant at highfrequency side manifests the interband transition in both pure CFO and thecomposite materials. The frequency of the transition can be tuned by LNOcontent. Thus this detail study will help to understand the relaxationphenomenon and dielectric behaviour in the presence of structural defects anddisorder.
Local electrodynamics of a disordered conductor model system measured  with a microwave impedance microscope	2019	We study the electrodynamic impedance of percolating conductors with apre-defined network topology using a scanning microwave impedance microscope(sMIM) at GHz frequencies. For a given percolation number we observe strongspatial variations across a sample which correlate with the connected regions(clusters) in the network when the resistivity is low such as in Aluminum. Forthe more resistive material NbTiN the impedance becomes dominated by the localstructure of the percolating network (connectivity). The results canqualitatively be understood and reproduced with a network current spreadingmodel based on the pseudo-inverse Laplacian of the underlying network graph.
Force Field Generalization and the Internal Representation of Motor  Learning	2019	When learning a new motor behavior, e.g. reaching in a force field, thenervous system builds an internal representation. Examining how subsequentreaches in unpracticed directions generalize reveals this representation.Though it is the subject of frequent studies, it is not known how thisrepresentation changes across training directions, or how changes in reachdirection and the corresponding changes in limb impedance, influencemeasurements of it. We ran a force field adaptation experiment using eightgroups of subjects each trained on one of eight standard directions and thentested for generalization in the remaining seven directions. Generalization inall directions was local and asymmetric, providing limited and unequal transferto the left and right side of the trained target. These asymmetries were notconsistent in either magnitude or direction even after correcting for changesin limb impedance, at odds with previous explanations. Relying on a standardmodel for generalization the inferred representations inconsistently shifted toone side or the other of their respective training direction. A second modelthat accounted for limb impedance and variations in baseline trajectoriesexplained more data and the inferred representations were centered on theirrespective training directions. Our results highlight the influence of limbmechanics and impedance on psychophysical measurements and theirinterpretations for motor learning.
Analytical Model for Light Modulating Impedance Spectroscopy (LIMIS) in  All-Solid-State p-n Junction Solar Cells at Open-Circuit	2019	Non-circuit theory drift-diffusion numerical simulation of standardpotentiostatic impedance spectroscopy (IS) is a well-known strategy forcharacterization of materials and electronic devices. It implies thetime-dependent solutions from the continuity and Poisson's equations undersmall perturbation of the bias boundary condition at the electrodes. But in thecase of photo-sensitive devices a small light perturbation can be also takenmodulating the generation rate along the absorber bulk. In that focus, thiswork approaches a set of analytical solutions for the signals of IS andintensity modulated photocurrent and photovoltage spectroscopies, IMPS and IMVSrespectively, from one-sided p-n junction solar cells at open-circuit.Subsequently, a photo-impedance signal named light intensity modulatedimpedance spectroscopy (LIMIS equals IMVS over IMPS) is analytically simulatedand its difference with respect to IS suggests a correlation with the surfacecharge carrier recombination velocity. This is an illustrative result andstarting point for future more realistic numerical simulations.
Dry electrodes for bioimpedance measurements -- design, characterization  and comparison	2019	Objective: Bioimpedance measurements are mostly performed utilizing gelelectrodes to decrease the occurring electrode-skin impedance. Since in manymeasurement environments this kind of electrode is not appropriate, theusability of dry electrodes is analysed. Approach: The development of fivedifferent kinds of dry electrodes, including gold, stainless steel, carbonrubber and metallized textile as contact materials are proposed. All testelectrodes are based on a circular printed circuit board as carrier and havethe same contact surface dimensions. To compare the electrodes'characteristics, the occurring electrode-skin impedances are measured undervariation of signal frequency, contact duration, contact pressure, placementposition and subjects. Additionally, all measurements are performed withsilver/silver chloride (Ag/AgCl) hydrogel electrodes for comparison purposes.Main results: The analysed parameters play a significant role regarding theelectrode-skin impedance. Choosing a wise setup of these parameters candecrease the electrode-skin impedance of dry electrodes down to ranges ofhydrogel electrodes and even below. Significance: The usage of dry electrodesis one of the most difficult challenges when transferring scientificmeasurement techniques to clinical environments or commercial products but itis indispensable for many applications like body composition measurements orprosthesis control.
Fields and Characteristic Impedances of Dipole and Quadrupole  Cylindrical Stripline Kickers	2019	We present semi-analytical methods for calculating the electromagnetic fieldin dipole and quadrupole stripline kickers with curved plates of infinitesimalthickness. Two different methods are used to solve Laplace's equation byreducing it either to a single or to two coupled matrix equations; they areshown to yield equivalent results. Approximate analytic solutions for thelowest order fields (dipole or quadrupole) are presented and their useful rangeof validity are shown. The kickers plates define a set of coupled transmissionlines and the characteristic impedances of modes relevant to each configurationare calculated. The solutions are compared with those obtained from a finiteelement solver and found to be in good agreement. Mode matching to an externalimpedance determines the kicker geometry and this is discussed for both kickertypes. We show that a heuristic scaling law can be used to determine thedependence of the characteristic impedance on plate thickness. The solutionsfound by semi-analytical methods can be used as a starting point for a moredetailed kicker design.
Exploiting Variable Impedance for Energy Efficient Sequential Movements	2020	Compliant robotics have seen successful applications in energy efficientlocomotion and cyclic manipulation. However, fully exploitation of variablephysical impedance for energy efficient sequential movements has not beenextensively addressed. This work employs a hierarchical approach to encapsulatelow-level optimal control for sub-movement generation into an outer loop ofiterative policy improvement, thereby benefits of both optimal control andreinforcement learning are leveraged. The framework enables optimizingefficiency trade-off for minimal energy expenses in a model-free manner, bytaking account of cost function weighting, variable impedance exploitation, andtransition timing, which are associated with the skill of compliance. Theeffectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated using two consecutivereaching tasks on a variable impedance actuator. The results demonstratesignificant energy saving by improving the skill of compliance, with a 30%electrical consumption reduction measured on hardware.
The direct and inverse problem for sub-diffusion equations with a  generalized impedance subregion	2020	In this paper, we consider the direct and inverse problem for time-fractionaldiffusion in a domain with an impenetrable subregion. Here we assume that onthe boundary of the subregion the solution satisfies a generalized impedanceboundary condition. This boundary condition is given by a second order spacialdifferential operator imposed on the boundary. A generalized impedance boundarycondition can be used to model corrosion and delimitation. The well-posednessfor the direct problem is established where the Laplace Transform is used tostudy the time dependent boundary value problem. The inverse impedance problemof determining the parameters from the Cauchy data is also studied provided theboundary of the subregion is known. The uniqueness of recovering the boundaryparameters from the Neumann to Dirichlet mapping is proven.
Towards Impedance Characterization of Carbon-Carbon Ultrasonically  Absorptive Cavities via the Inverse Helmholtz Problem	2017	We present a numerical method to determine the complex acoustic impedance atthe open surface of an arbitrarily shaped cavity, associated to an impingingplanar acoustic wave with a given wavenumber vector and frequency. We haveachieved this by developing the first inverse Helmholtz Solver (iHS), whichimplicitly reconstructs the complex acoustic waveform--at a given frequency--upto the unknown impedance boundary, hereby providing the spatial distribution ofimpedance as a result of the calculation for that given frequency. We show thatthe algebraic closure conditions required by the inverse Helmholtz problem arephysically related to the assignment of the spatial distribution of thepressure phase over the unknown impedance boundary. The iHS is embarrassinglyparallelizable over the frequency domain allowing for the straightforwarddetermination of the full broadband impedance at every point of the targetboundary. In this paper, we restrict our analysis to two-dimensions only. Wefirst validate our results against Rott's quasi one-dimensional thermoacoustictheory for viscid and inviscid constant-area rectangular ducts, test our iHS ina fully unstructured fashion with a geometrically complex cavity, and finally,present a simplified, two-dimensional analysis of a sample of carbon-carbonultrasonically absorptive coatings (C/C UACs) manufactured in DLR-Stuttgart,and used in the hypersonic transition delay experiments by Wagner et al. inAIAA 2012-5865. The final goal is to model C/C UACs with multi-oscillator TimeDomain Impedance Boundary Conditions (TDIBC) developed by Lin et al. in JFM(2016) to be applied in direct numerical simulations (DNS) focused on theoverlying boundary layer, eliminating the need to simultaneously resolve themicroscopic porous structure of the C/C UACs.
Statistics of Impedance and Scattering Matrices in Chaotic Microwave  Cavities: Single Channel Case	2004	We discuss a model for studying the statistical properties of the impedance($Z$) and scattering ($S$) matrices of open electromagnetic cavities withseveral transmission lines or waveguides connected to the cavity. In thispaper, we mainly discuss the single port case. The generalization to multipleports is treated in a companion paper. The model is based on assumed propertiesof chaotic eigenfunctions for the closed system. Analysis of the modelsuccessfully reproduces features of the random matrix model believed to beuniversal, while at the same time incorporating features which are specific toindividual systems. Statistical properties of the cavity impedance $Z$ areobtained in terms of the radiation impedance (i.e., the impedance seen at aport with the cavity walls moved to infinity). Effects of wall absorption arediscussed. Theoretical predictions are tested by direct comparison withnumerical solutions for a specific system. (Here the word universal is used todenote high frequency statistical properties that are shared by the members ofthe general class of systems whose corresponding ray trajectories are chaotic.These universal properties are, by definition, independent of system-specificdetails.)
Fluctuations of Complex Networks: Electrical Properties of Single  Protein Nanodevices	2004	We present for the first time a complex network approach to the study of theelectrical properties of single protein devices. In particular, we consider anelectronic nanobiosensor based on a G-protein coupled receptor. By adopting acoarse grain description, the protein is modeled as a complex network ofelementary impedances. The positions of the alpha-carbon atoms of each aminoacid are taken as the nodes of the network. The amino acids are assumed tointeract electrically among them. Consequently, a link is drawn between anypair of nodes neighboring in space within a given distance and an elementaryimpedance is associated with each link. The value of this impedance can berelated to the physical and chemical properties of the amino acid pair and totheir relative distance. Accordingly, the conformational changes of thereceptor induced by the capture of the ligand, are translated into a variationof its electrical properties. Stochastic fluctuations in the value of theelementary impedances of the network, which mimic different physical effects,have also been considered. Preliminary results concerning the impedancespectrum of the network and its fluctuations are presented and discussed fordifferent values of the model parameters.
Impedance and Scattering Variance Ratios of Complicated Wave Scattering  Systems in the Low Loss Regime	2013	Random matrix theory (RMT) successfully predicts universal statisticalproperties of complicated wave scattering systems in the semiclassical limit,while the random coupling model offers a complete statistical model with asimple additive formula in terms of impedance to combine the predictions of RMTand nonuniversal system-specific features. The statistics of measured waveproperties generally have nonuniversal features. However, ratios of thevariances of elements of the impedance matrix are predicted to be independentof such nonuniversal features and thus should be universal functions of theoverall system loss. In contrast with impedance variance ratios, scatteringvariance ratios depends on nonuniversal features unless the system is in thehigh loss regime. In this paper, we present numerical tests of the predicteduniversal impedance variance ratios and show that an insufficient sample sizecan lead to apparent deviation from the theory, particularly in the low lossregime. Experimental tests are carried out in three two-port microwave cavitieswith varied loss parameters, including a novel experimental system with asuperconducting microwave billiard, to test the variance-ratio predictions inthe low loss time-reversal-invariant regime. It is found that the experimentalresults agree with the theoretical predictions to the extent permitted by thefinite sample size.
Linear Vlasov solver for microbunching gain estimation with inclusion of  CSR, LSC and linac geometric impedances	2015	As is known, microbunching instability (MBI) has been one of the mostchallenging issues in designs of magnetic chicanes for short-wavelengthfree-electron lasers or linear colliders, as well as those of transport linesfor recirculating or energy recovery linac machines. To more accuratelyquantify MBI in a single-pass system and for more complete analyses, we furtherextend and continue to increase the capabilities of our previously developedlinear Vlasov solver [1] to incorporate more relevant impedance models into thecode, including transient and steady-state free-space and/or shielding coherentsynchrotron radiation (CSR) impedances, the longitudinal space charge (LSC)impedances, and the linac geometric impedances with extension of the existingformulation to include beam acceleration [2]. Then, we directly solve thelinearized Vlasov equation numerically for microbunching gain amplificationfactor. In this study we apply this code to a beamline lattice of transport arc[3] following an upstream linac section. The resultant gain functions andspectra are presented here, and some results are compared with particletracking simulation by ELEGANT [4]. We also discuss some underlying physicswith inclusion of these collective effects and the limitation of the existingformulation. It is anticipated that this more thorough analysis can furtherimprove the understanding of MBI mechanisms and shed light on how to suppressor compensate MBI effects in lattice designs.
Why RLC realizations of certain impedances need many more energy storage  elements than expected	2016	It is a significant and longstanding puzzle that the resistor, inductor,capacitor (RLC) networks obtained by the established RLC realization proceduresappear highly non-minimal from the perspective of linear systems theory.Specifically, each of these networks contains significantly more energy storageelements than the McMillan degree of its impedance, and possesses a non-minimalstate-space representation whose states correspond to the inductor currents andcapacitor voltages. Despite this apparent non-minimality, there have been noimproved algorithms since the 1950s, with the concurrent discovery by Reza,Pantell, Fialkow and Gerst of a class of networks (the RPFG networks), whichare a slight simplification of the Bott-Duffin networks. Each RPFG networkcontains more than twice as many energy storage elements as the McMillan degreeof its impedance, yet it has never been established if all of these energystorage elements are necessary. In this paper, we present some newly discoveredalternatives to the RPFG networks. We then prove that the RPFG networks, andthese newly discovered networks, contain the least possible number of energystorage elements for realizing certain positive-real functions. In other words,all RLC networks which realize certain impedances contain more than twice theexpected number (McMillan degree) of energy storage elements.
On-board monitoring of 2-D spatially-resolved temperatures in  cylindrical lithium-ion batteries: Part II. State estimation via  impedance-based temperature sensing	2016	Impedance-based temperature detection (ITD) is a promising approach for rapidestimation of internal cell temperature based on the correlation betweentemperature and electrochemical impedance. Previously, ITD was used as part ofan Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) state-estimator in conjunction with a thermalmodel to enable estimation of the 1-D temperature distribution of a cylindricallithium-ion battery. Here, we extend this method to enable estimation of the2-D temperature field of a battery with temperature gradients in both theradial and axial directions.  An EKF using a parameterised 2-D spectral-Galerkin model with ITD measurementinput (the imaginary part of the impedance at 215 Hz) is shown to accuratelypredict the core temperature and multiple surface temperatures of a 32113LiFePO$_4$ cell, using current excitation profiles based on an Artemis HEVdrive cycle. The method is validated experimentally on a cell fitted with aheat sink and asymmetrically cooled via forced air convection.  A novel approach to impedance-temperature calibration is also presented,which uses data from a single drive cycle, rather than measurements at multipleuniform cell temperatures as in previous studies. This greatly reduces the timerequired for calibration, since it overcomes the need for repeated cell thermalequalization.
Enhancement of Impedance by Chromium Substitution and Correlation with  DC Resistivity in Cobalt Ferrite	2016	Chromium substituted cobalt ferrite with grain size less than the singledomain (approx. 70 nm) has been prepared by the sol-gel method. XRD analysisreveals that the samples crystallize to cubic symmetry with spacegroup number227. Two transition temperatures (TD (approx. 450 K) and TM (approx. 600 K)have been observed from the impedance verses temperature measurement. TDincreases with the increase in frequency due to dipole response to thefrequency. TM is comparable with the para-ferrimagnetic transition temperatureof cobalt ferrite, which is independent of frequency. This result is wellsupported by the temperature dependent DC conductivity measurement. Themodified Debye relaxation could be explained the impedance spectra ofCoFe2-xCrxO4. The grain and grain boundary effect on impedance spectroscopy hasbeen observed from Cole-Cole analysis. The ac conductivity follows Arrheniusbehavior at different frequencies. All the samples exhibit the negativetemperature coefficient of resistance behavior which reveals the semiconductingbehavior of the material. The Mott VRH model could explain the DC electricalconductivity. Both ac impedance and DC resistivity are well co-related eachother to explain the electron transport properties in Cr substituted cobaltferrite. The electrical transport properties could be explained by the electronhopping between different metal ions via oxygen in the material.
Machine Learning Peeling and Loss Modelling of Time-Domain Reflectometry	2018	"A fundamental pursuit of microwave metrology is the determination of thecharacteristic impedance profile of microwave systems. Among other methods,this can be practically achieved by means of time-domain reflectometry (TDR)that measures the reflections from a device due to an applied stimulus.Conventional TDR allows for the measurement of systems comprising a singleimpedance. However, real systems typically feature impedance variations thatobscure the determination of all impedances subsequent to the first one. Thisproblem has been studied previously and is generally known as scatteringinversion or, in the context of microwave metrology, time-domain ""peeling"". Inthis article, we demonstrate the implementation of a space-time efficientpeeling algorithm that corrects for the effect of prior impedance mismatch in anonuniform lossless transmission line, regardless of the nature of thestimulus. We generalize TDR measurement analysis by introducing two tools: Astochastic machine learning clustering tool and an arbitrary lossy transmissionline modeling tool. The former mitigates many of the imperfections typicallyplaguing TDR measurements (except for dispersion) and allows for an efficientprocessing of large datasets; the latter allows for a complete transmissionline characterization including both conductor and dielectric loss."
Shaping the spectrum of terahertz photoconductive antenna by  frequency-dependent impedance modulation	2018	In this paper, we report on an approach for shaping the spectra of THz pulsegeneration in photoconductive antennas (PCAs) by frequency-dependent impedancemodulation. We introduce a theoretical model describing the THz pulsegeneration in PCAs and accounting for impedances of the photoconductor and ofthe antenna. In order to showcase an impact of frequency-dependent impedancemodulation on the spectra of THz pulse generation, we applied this model tosimulating broadband PCAs with log-spiral topology. Finally, we fabricated twodifferent log-spiral PCAs and characterized them experimentally using the THzpulsed spectroscopy. The observed results demonstrate excellent agreementbetween the theoretical model and experiment, justifying a potential of shapingthe spectra of THz pulse generation in PCA by modulation of frequency-dependentimpedances. This approach makes possible optimizing the PCA performance andthus accommodating the needs of THz pulsed spectroscopy and imaging infundamental and applied branches of THz science and technologies.
Superconducting nanowire single-photon detector with integrated  impedance-matching taper	2018	Conventional readout of a superconducting nanowire single-photon detector(SNSPD) sets an upper bound on the output voltage to be the product of the biascurrent and the load impedance, $I_\mathrm{B}\times Z_\mathrm{load}$, where$Z_\mathrm{load}$ is limited to 50 $\Omega$ in standard r.f. electronics. Here,we break this limit by interfacing the 50 $\Omega$ load and the SNSPD using anintegrated superconducting transmission line taper. The taper is a transformerthat effectively loads the SNSPD with high impedance without latching. Itincreases the amplitude of the detector output while preserving the fast risingedge. Using a taper with a starting width of 500 nm, we experimentally observeda 3.6$\times$ higher pulse amplitude, 3.7$\times$ faster slew rate, and 25.1 pssmaller timing jitter. The results match our numerical simulation, whichincorporates both the hotspot dynamics in the SNSPD and the distributed naturein the transmission line taper. The taper studied here may become a useful toolto interface high-impedance superconducting nanowire devices to conventionallow-impedance circuits.
Multifrequency Nanoscale Impedance Microscopy (m-NIM): A novel approach  towards detection of selective and subtle modifications on the surface of  polycrystalline boron-doped diamond electrodes	2018	In this paper, we describe the modification of Nanoscale Impedance Microscopy(NIM), namely, a combination of contact-mode atomic force microscopy with localimpedance measurements. The postulated approach is based on the application ofmultifrequency voltage perturbation instead of standard frequency-by-frequencyanalysis, which among others offers more time-efficient and accuratedetermination of the resultant impedance spectra with high spatial resolution.Based on the impedance spectra analysis with an appropriate electric equivalentcircuit, it was possible to map surface resistance and contact capacitance.Polycrystalline heavy boron-doped diamond (BDD) electrodes were the researchobject. Recent studies have shown that the exposure of such electrodes tooxidizing environment may result in the modification of termination type, andthus it is a key factor in describing the electric and electrochemicalproperties of BDD. We have successfully applied multifrequency NIM, whichallowed us to prove that the modification of termination type is selective andoccurs with different propensity on the grains having specific crystallographicorientation. Furthermore, our approach enabled the detection of even subtlesubmicroscopic surface heterogeneities, created as a result of variousoxidation treatments and to distinguish them from the surface heterogeneityrelated to the local distribution of boron at the grain boundaries.
Distributed Impedance Control of Latency-Prone Robotic Systems with  Series Elastic Actuation	2018	Robotic systems are increasingly relying on distributed feedback controllersto tackle complex and latency-prone sensing and decision problems. Thesedemands come at the cost of a growing computational burden and, as a result,larger controller latencies. To maximize robustness to mechanical disturbancesand achieve high control performance, we emphasize the necessity for executingdamping feedback in close proximity to the control plant while allocatingstiffness feedback in a latency-prone centralized control process.Additionally, series elastic actuators (SEAs) are becoming prevalent intorque-controlled robots during recent years to achieve compliant interactionswith environments and humans. However, designing optimal impedance controllersand characterizing impedance performance for SEAs with time delays andfiltering are still under-explored problems. The presented study addresses theoptimal controller design problem by devising a critically-damped gain designmethod for a class of SEA cascaded control architectures, which is composed ofouter-impedance and inner-torque feedback loops. Via the proposed controllerdesign criterion, we adopt frequency-domain methods to thoroughly analyze theeffects of time delays, filtering and load inertia on SEA impedanceperformance. These results are further validated through the analysis,simulation, and experimental testing on high-performance actuators and on anomnidirectional mobile base.
Fabrication of the impedance-matched Josephson parametric amplifier and  the study of the gain profile	2019	We designed and fabricated an impedance matched Josephson junction parametricamplifier (JPA) working in the flux-pump mode for the broadband amplificationof microwave signals. We developed a very simple fabrication method suitablefor a small lab. We studied the phase response, as well as the gain, as afunction of frequency and pump power at various pump frequencies. The phaseresponse can be explained with the behavior of the non-linear Duffingoscillator. The observed decrease of the resonance frequency as the pump powerincreases, as well as the emergency of an unstable bifurcation zone, are thecharacteristic non-linear behavior of the Duffing oscillator. The gain profilein the stable zone can be explained with a model adapted from the theoreticalmodel for the two-dimensional gain profile of an impedance-matchedcurrent-pumped JPA. With an appropriate environmental impedance, thetheoretical model captures the features and morphology of the gain profile,such as the emergence of a gain hot zone with two branches around the resonancefrequency of the JPA. Based on the gain profile, we propose that the bestworking zone is the merging point of the two branches of the gain hot zonebefore the emergence of the bifurcation zone, which gives a large bandwidth anda good gain. Over 17dB gain with a bandwidth larger than 300MHz was observed.The impedance matched JPA is used in our superconducting quantum computers forimproving the fast readout fidelity of the transmon qubits.
sEMG-Based Natural Control Interface for a Variable Stiffness  Transradial Hand Prosthesis	2019	We propose, implement and evaluate a natural human-machine control interfacefor a variable stiffness transradial hand prosthesis that achievestele-impedance control through surface electromyography (sEMG) signals. Thisinterface, together with variable stiffness actuation (VSA), enables an amputeeto modulate the impedance of the prosthetic limb to properly match therequirements of a task, while performing activities of daily living. Both thedesired position and stiffness references are estimated through sEMG signalsand used to control the VSA hand prosthesis. In particular, regulation of handimpedance is managed through the impedance measurements of the intact upperarm; this control takes place naturally and automatically as the amputeeinteracts with the environment, while position of the hand prosthesis isregulated intentionally by the amputee through the estimated position of theshoulder. The proposed approach is advantageous, since the impedance regulationtakes place naturally without requiring amputees' attention and diminishingtheir functional capability. Consequently, the proposed interface is easy touse, does not require long training periods or interferes with the control ofintact body segments. The performance of the approach is evaluated throughhuman subject experiments where adequate estimation of references andindependent control of position and stiffness are demonstrated.
Impeded Dark Matter	2016	"We consider dark matter models in which the mass splitting between the darkmatter particles and their annihilation products is tiny. Compared to thepreviously proposed Forbidden Dark Matter scenario, the mass splittings weconsider are much smaller, and are allowed to be either positive or negative.To emphasize this modification, we dub our scenario ""Impeded Dark Matter"". Wedemonstrate that Impeded Dark Matter can be easily realized without requiringtuning of model parameters. For negative mass splitting, we demonstrate thatthe annihilation cross-section for Impeded Dark Matter depends linearly on thedark matter velocity or may even be kinematically forbidden, making thisscenario almost insensitive to constraints from the cosmic microwave backgroundand from observations of dwarf galaxies. Accordingly, it may be possible forImpeded Dark Matter to yield observable signals in clusters or the Galacticcenter, with no corresponding signal in dwarfs. For positive mass splitting, weshow that the annihilation cross-section is suppressed by the small masssplitting, which helps light dark matter to survive increasingly stringentconstraints from indirect searches. As specific realizations for Impeded DarkMatter, we introduce a model of vector dark matter from a hidden $SU(2)$sector, and a composite dark matter scenario based on a QCD-like dark sector."
The plasmon-polariton mirroring due to strong fluctuations of the  surface impedance	2018	Scattering of TM-polarized surface plasmon-polariton waves (PPW) by a finitesegment of the metal-vacuum interface with randomly fluctuating surfaceimpedance is examined. Solution of the integral equation relating the scatteredfield with the field of the incident PPW, valid for arbitrary scatteringintensity and arbitrary dissipative characteristics of the conductive medium,is analyzed. As a measure of the PPW scattering, the Hilbert norm of theintegral scattering operator is used. The strength of the scattering is shownto be determined not only by the parameters of the fluctuating impedance(dispersion, correlation radius and the length of the inhomogeneity region) butalso by the conductivity of the metal. If the scattering operator norm issmall, the PPW is mainly scattered into the vacuum, thus losing its energythrough the excitation of quasi-isotropic bulk Norton-type waves above theconducting surface. The intensity of the scattered field is expressed in termsof the random impedance pair correlation function, whose dependence on theincident and scattered wavenumbers shows that in the case ofrandom-impedance-induced scattering of PPW it is possible to observe the effectanalogous to Wood's anomalies of wave scattering on periodic gratings. Understrong scattering, when the scattering operator norm becomes large compared tounity, the radiation into free space is strongly suppressed, and, in the limit,the incoming PPW is almost perfectly back-reflected from the inhomogeneous partof the interface. This suggests that within the model of a dissipation-freeconducting medium, the surface polariton is unstable against arbitrary smallfluctuations of the medium polarizability. Transition from quasi-isotropic weakscattering to nealy back-reflection under strong fluctuations of the impedanceis interpreted in terms of Anderson localization.
On impedance conditions for circular multiperforated acoustic liners	2018	Background: The acoustic damping in gas turbines and aero-engines relies to agreat extent on acoustic liners that consists of a cavity and a perforated facesheet. The prediction of the impedance of the liners by direct numericalsimulations is nowadays not feasible due to the hundreds to thousandsrepetitions of tiny holes. We introduce a procedure to numerically obtain theRayleigh conductivity for acoustic liners for viscous gases at rest, and withit define the acoustic impedance of the perforated sheet.  Results: The proposed method decouples the effects that are dominant ondifferent scales: (a) viscous and incompressible flow at the scale of one hole,(b) inviscid and incompressible flow at the scale of the hole pattern, and (c)inviscid and compressible flow at the scale of the wave-length. With the methodof matched asymptotic expansions we couple the different scales and eventuallyobtain effective impedance conditions on the macroscopic scale. For this theeffective Rayleigh conductivity results by numerical solution of aninstationary Stokes problem in frequency domain around one hole with prescribedpressure at infinite distance to the aperture. It depends on hole shape,frequency, mean density and viscosity divided by the area of the periodicitycell. This enables us to estimate dissipation losses and transmissionproperties, that we compare with acoustic measurements in a duct acoustic testrig with a circular cross-section by DLR Berlin.  Conclusions: A precise and reasonable definition of an effective Rayleighconductivity at the scale of one hole is proposed and impedance conditions forthe macroscopic pressure or velocity are derived in a systematic procedure. Thecomparison with experiments shows that the derived impedance conditions give agood prediction of the dissipation losses.
Extracting impedance changes from a frequency multiplexed signal during  neural activity in sciatic nerve of rat: preliminary study in-vitro	2019	Objective: Establish suitable frequency spacing and demodulation steps to usewhen extracting impedance changes from frequency division multiplexed (FDM)carrier signals in peripheral nerve. Approach: Experiments were performedin-vitro on cadavers immediately following euthanasia. Neural activity wasevoked via stimulation of nerves in the hind paw, while carrier signals wereinjected, and recordings obtained, with a dual ring nerve cuff implanted on thesciatic nerve. Frequency analysis of recorded compound action potentials (CAPs)and extracted impedance changes, with the latter obtained using establisheddemodulation methods, were used to determine suitable frequency spacing ofcarrier signals, and bandpass filter (BPF) bandwidth and order, for a frequencymultiplexed signal. Main results: CAPs and impedance changes were dominant inthe frequency band 200 to 500 Hz and 100 to 200 Hz, respectively. A Tukeywindow was introduced to remove ringing from Gibbs phenomena. A +/- 750 Hz BPFbandwidth was selected to encompass 99.99 % of the frequency power of theimpedance change. Modelling predicted a minimum BPF order of 16 for 2 kHzspacing, and 10 for 4 kHz spacing, were required to avoid ringing from theneighbouring carrier signal, while FDM experiments verified BPF orders of 12and 8, respectively, were required. With a notch filter centred on theneighbouring signal, a BPF order of at least 6 or 4 was required for 2 and 4kHz, respectively. Significance: The results establish drive frequency spacingand demodulation settings for use in FDM electrical impedance tomography (EIT)experiments, as well as a framework for their selection, and, for the firsttime, demonstrates the viability of FDM-EIT of neural activity on peripheralnerve, which will be a central aspect of future real-time neural-EIT systemsand EIT-based neural prosthetics interfaces.
From Dye Sensitized to Perovskite Solar Cells, The Missing Link	2019	Fundamental working mechanisms of perovskite solar cells remain an elusivetopic of research. Impedance Spectroscopy (IS) application to perovskite-baseddevices generates uncommon features and misleading outputs, mainly due to thelack of a stablished model for the interpretation of the results. In this workwe control the perovskite precursor concentration to fabricate a series ofperovskite-based solar cells with different amounts of perovskite absorber. Lowconcentration devices present the well-known dye sensitized solar cell (DSSCs)impedance pattern. As the amount of perovskite is increased, the characteristicimpedance spectra of thin-film perovskite solar cells (PSCs) arises. Thistransition is characterized by a change in the working principles, determinedby an evolution of the dominant capacitance: from the intermediate frequencychemical capacitance of TiO2 in devices with isolated perovskite domains, to alarge low-frequency capacitance signal which divides the spectra in twosections, yet with no direct influence in final device performance. This studyallows to link experimentally, in terms of impedance behavior, PSCs with therest of solar cell devices via DSSCs. We observe that it is not possible toassign a single physical origin to the different resistances determined in theimpedance spectra except for the series resistance. In contrast, resistiveelement present contributions from different physical processes, observing atransport-recombination coupling. Based on this analysis we provide anequivalent circuit model to evaluate the impedance pattern of PSCs in terms ofthe processes directly affecting the final performance (i.e. consideringtransport-related and recombination-related losses), a crucial tool for furtherdevelopment of perovskite photovoltaics.
A General Approach for Calculating Coupling Impedances of Small  Discontinuities	1995	A general theory of the beam interaction with small discontinuities of thevacuum chamber is developed taking into account the reaction of radiated wavesback on the discontinuity. The reactive impedance calculated earlier isreproduced as the first order, and the resistive one as the second order of aperturbation theory based on this general approach. The theory also gives, in avery natural way, the results for the trapped modes due to smalldiscontinuities obtained earlier by a different method.
A Field Effect Transitor based on the Mott Transition in a Molecular  Layer	1996	Here we propose and analyze the behavior of a FET--like switching device, theMott transition field effect transistor, operating on a novel principle, theMott metal--insulator transition. The device has FET-like characteristics witha low ``ON'' impedance and high ``OFF'' impedance. Function of the device isfeasible down to nanoscale dimensions. Implementation with a class of organiccharge transfer complexes is proposed.
Coulomb blockade at a tunnel junction between two quantum wires with  long-range interaction	1997	The non-linear current-voltage characteristic of a tunnel junction betweentwo Luttinger systems is calculated for an interaction with finite range.Coulomb blockade features are found. The dissipative resistance, thecapacitance and the external impedance, which were introduced ad hoc in earliertheories, are obtained in terms of the electron-electron interaction. Thefrequency dependence of the impedance is given by the excitation spectrum ofthe electrons.
Scale Invariance in Percolation Theory and Fractals	1997	The properties of the similarity transformation in percolation theory in thecomplex plane of the percolation probability are studied. It is shown that thepercolation problem on a two-dimensional square lattice reduces to theMandelbrot transformation, leading to a fractal behavior of the percolationprobability in the complex plane. The hierarchical chains of impedances,reducing to a nonlinear mapping of the impedance space onto itself, arestudied. An infinite continuation of the procedure leads to a fixed point. Itis shown that the number of steps required to reach a neighborhood of thispoint has a fractal distribution.
Observation of coherent Josephson response in the non-linear ab-plane  microwave impedance of $YBa_{2}Cu_{3}O_{6.95}$ single crystals	1997	We report novel non-linear phenomena in the $ab$-plane microwave impedance of$YBaCu_{2}O_{7-\delta }$ single crystals. The $R_s$ vs. $H_{rf}$ data are welldescribed by the non-linear RSJ model : $\dot{\phi}+\sin \phi =i_{rf}\cos\omega t$. The entire crystal behaves like a single Josephson junction. Theextraordinary coherence of the data suggests an intrinsic mechanism.
High frequency magneto-impedance of double perovskite  $La_{1.2}Sr_{1.8}Mn_{2}O_{7}$: secondary transitions at high temperatures	1998	Radio frequency magneto-impedance measurements clearly reveal a pronouncedanomaly at 260K besides the main MI transition at 125K in the double perovskitematerial $La_{1.2}Sr_{1.8}Mn_{2}O_{7}$. This feature is not seen clearly instatic resistivity and magnetization measurements. We suggest that this anomalyrepresents short range magnetic correlations enhanced at radio frequencies,with the easy axis along the c-axis .
Circuit Effect On The Current-Voltage Characteristics Of Ultrasmall  Tunnel Junctions	1999	We have used the method of generating functional in imaginary time to derivethe current-voltage characteristics of a tunnel junction with arbitrarytunneling conductance, connected in series with an external impedance and avoltage source. We have shown that via the renormalized charging energy and therenormalized environment conductance, our nonperturbative expressions of thetotal action can be mapped onto the corresponding perturbative formulas. Thisprovides a straightforward way to go beyond the perturbation theory. For theimpedance being a pure resistance, we have calculated the conductance forvarious voltages and temperatures, and the results agree very well withexperiments.
Direct link between Coulomb blockade and shot noise in a quantum  coherent structure	2001	We analyze the current-voltage characteristic of a quantum conduction channelcoupled to an electromagnetic environment of arbitrary frequency-dependentimpedance. In the weak blockade regime the correction to the ohmic behavior isdirectly related to the channel current fluctuations vanishing at perfecttransmission in the same way as shot noise. This relation can be generalized todescribe the environmental Coulomb blockade in a generic mesoscopic conductorcoupled to an external impedance, as the response of the latter to the currentfluctuations in the former.
Superconducting gap anisotropy of LuNi2B2C thin films from microwave  surface impedance measurements	2001	Surface impedance measurements of LuNi2B2C superconducting thin films as afunction of temperature have been performed down to 1.5 K and at 20 GHz using adielectric resonator technique. The magnetic penetration depth closelyreproduces the standard B.C.S. result, but with a reduced value of the energygap at low temperature. These data provide evidence for an anisotropic s-wavecharacter of the order parameter symmetry in LuNi2B2C. From the evaluation ofthe real part of complex conductivity, we have observed constructive (type II)coherence effects in the electromagnetic absorption below Tc.
Decoupling of a Current-Biased Intrinsic Josephson Junction from its  Environment	2003	We have observed a dissipative phase diffusion branch in arrays of hysteretichigh-Tc intrinsic Josephson junctions. By comparing the data with a thermalactivation model we extract the impedance seen by the junction in which phasediffusion is occurring. At the plasma frequency this junction is isolated fromits environment and it sees its own large (~ kilo Ohm) impedance. Our resultssuggest that stacks of Josephson junctions may be used for isolation purposesin the development of a solid state quantum computer.
Electrodynamics of the vortex lattice in untwinned YBaCuO by complex  impedance measurements	2003	We report complex impedance measurements in an untwinned YBaCuO crystal. Ourbroad frequency range covers both the quasi static response and the resistiveresponse of the vortex lattice. It allow us to characterize the irreversibilityline without the need of any frequency dependent pinning parameters. We confirmthe validity of the two modes model of vortex dynamic, and extract both thesurface critical current and the flux flow resistivity around the first ordertransition $T_{m}$. This latter is identified by the abrupt loss of pinning andby an unexpected step of $\rho_{ff}(T)$ at $T_{m}$.
Potentiodynamic Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy of Silver on  Platinum in Underpotential and Overpotential Deposition	2003	Simultaneous monitoring of ac and dc responses of the electrode-electrolyteinterface with potentiodynamic electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (PDEIS)in silver underpotential and overpotential deposition on platinum has confirmedthe role of intrinsic Pt surface changes in the irreversibility of Agunderpotential deposition and disclosed exceptionally high stability of Agmonolayer on Pt. PDEIS has been demonstrated to be a convenient means for wetsurface chemistry monitoring.
The vortex depinning transition in untwinned YBaCuO using complex  impedance measurements	2003	"We present surface impedance measurement of the vortex linear response in alarge untwinned YBCO crystal. The depinning spectra obtained over a broadfrequency range (100 Hz- 30 MHz) are those of a surface pinned vortex latticewith a free flux flow resistivity (two modes response). The critical current inthe ""Campbell"" like regime and the flux flow resistivity in the dissipativeregime are extracted. Those two parameters are affected by the first ordertransition, showing that this transition may be related to the electronic stateof vortices."
Excitation of Spin Waves in Superconducting Ferromagnets	2003	This Letter presents a theoretical analysis of propagation of spin waves in asuperconducting ferromagnet. The surface impedance was calculated for the casewhen the magnetization is normal to the sample surface. We found thefrequencies at which the impedance and the power absorption have singularitiesrelated to the spin wave propagation, and determined the form of thesesingularities. With a suitable choice of parameters, there is a frequencyinterval in which two propagating spin waves of the same circular polarizationare generated, one of them having a negative group velocity.
Statistics of Impedance and Scattering Matrices of Chaotic Microwave  Cavities with Multiple Ports	2004	The statistical model proposed in an accompanying paper is generalized totreat multiport scattering problems. Attention is first focused on two-portlossless systems and the model is shown to be consistent with Random MatrixTheory. The predictions are then tested by direct numerical simulation for aspecific two-port cavity. Formula are derived for the average transmission andreflection coefficients in terms of the port radiation impedance. The cases ofcavity with multiple ports, and with a single port and distributed losses arecompared.
Metal-to-glass ratio and the Magneto-Impedance of glass-covered CoFeBSi  microwires at high frequencies	2004	High frequency [1-500 MHz] measurements of the Magneto-Impedance (MI) ofglass-covered Co$_{69.4}$Fe$_{3.7}$B$_{15.9}$Si$_{11}$ microwires are carriedout with various metal-to-wire diameter ratios. A twin-peak, anhystereticbehaviour is observed as a function of magnetic field. A maximum in $\DeltaZ/Z$ appears at different values of the frequency $f$, 125, 140 and 85 MHz withthe corresponding diameter ratio $p$ = 0.80, 0.55 and 0.32. We describe themeasurement technique and interpret our results with a thermodynamic model thatleads to a clearer view of the effects of $p$ on the maximum value of MI andthe anisotropy field.
State-dependent impedance of a strongly coupled oscillator-qubit system	2005	We investigate the measurements of two-state quantum systems (qubits) atfinite temperatures using a resonant harmonic oscillator as a quantum probe.The reduced density matrix and oscillator correlators are calculated by ascheme combining numerical methods with an analytical perturbation theory.Correlators provide us information about the system impedance, which depends onthe qubit state. We show in detail how this property can be exploited in thequbit measurement.
Local Features of the Fermi Surface Curvature and the Anomalous Skin  Effect in Metals	2005	In this paper we present a theoretical analysis of the effect of localgeometrical structure of the Fermi surface on the surface impedance of a metalat the anomalous skin effect. We show that when the Fermi surface includesnearly cylindrical and/or flattened segments it may significantly change bothmagnitude and frequency dependence of the surface impedance. Being observed inexperiments these unusual frequency dependencies could bring additionalinformation concerning fine geometrical features of the Fermi surfaces ofmetals.
Transmission Line Impedance of Carbon Nanotube Thin Films for Chemical  Sensing	2006	We measure the resistance and frequency-dependent gate capacitance of carbonnanotube (CNT) thin films in ambient, vacuum, and under low-pressure (10E-6torr) analyte environments. We model the CNT film as an RC transmission lineand show that changes in the measured capacitance as a function of gate biasand analyte pressure are consistent with changes in the transmission lineimpedance due to changes in the CNT film resistivity alone; the electrostaticgate capacitance of the CNT film does not depend on gate voltage or chemicalanalyte adsorption. However, the CNT film resistance is enormously sensitive tolow pressure analyte exposure.
Giant Magneto-Impedance and its Applications	2002	The status of Giant Magneto-Impedance effect is reviewed in Wires, Ribbonsand Multilayered Soft Ferromagnetic Thin Films. After establishing thetheoretical framework for the description of the effect, and the constraintsany material should have in order to show the effect, experimental work inWires, Ribbons and Multilayered Thin Films is described. Existing and potentialapplications of the effect in Electronics and Sensing are highlighted.
Compensated Current Injection circuit, theory and applications	2002	This paper presents a detailed description, analysis and example of practicalapplication of a wide frequency band voltage-to-current converter. Theconverter is characterized by a combination of positive and negative feedbackloops. This feature allows compensation for parasitic impedance connected inparallel with the useful load, which in turn keeps an excitation currentflowing through the useful load independent of its impedance. The simplicity ofthe circuit and its good electrical properties are additional advantages of thescheme.
Complex Impedance as a Diagnostic Tool for Characterizing Thermal  Detectors	2004	The complex ac impedance of a bolometer or microcalorimeter detector iseasily measured and can be used to determine thermal time constants, thermalresistances, heat capacities, and sensitivities. Accurately extracting thisinformation requires an understanding of the electrical and thermal propertiesof both the detector and the measurement system. We show that this is apractical method for measuring parameters in detectors with moderately complexthermal systems.
Impedance matching in photonic crystal microcavities for Second Harmonic  Generation	2005	By numerically integrating the three-dimensional Maxwell equations in thetime domain with reference to a dispersive quadratically nonlinear material, westudy second harmonic generation in planar photonic crystal microresonators.The proposed scheme allows efficient coupling of the pump radiation to thedefect resonant mode. The out-coupled generated second harmonic is maximized byimpedance matching the photonic crystal cavity to the output waveguide.
Note on the Demkov-Ostrovsky nodeless sector	1996	We briefly tackle the following concepts in the Demkov-Ostrovsky (DO)nodeless sector: (i) orbital impedance, (ii) orbital capacity, (iii) closenessto reflectionlessness. Moreover, using previous supersymmetric results for theDO problem, a strictly isospectral effect in the DO orbital impedances isdiscussed and explicit plots are displayed for the Maxwell fisheye lens. Thiseffect, though rather small, is general, that is, it may apply to any focusingstructure.
Quantum noise in ideal operational amplifiers	1998	We consider a model of quantum measurement built on an ideal operationalamplifier operating in the limit of infinite gain, infinite input impedance andnull output impedance and with a feddback loop. We evaluate the intensity andvoltage noises which have to be added to the classical amplification equationsin order to fulfill the requirements of quantum mechanics. We give adescription of this measurement device as a quantum network scattering quantumfluctuations from input to output ports.
Exact results for Casimir forces using Surface Impedance: Nonlocal Media	2003	We show that exact results are obtained for the calculation of Casimir forcesbetween arbitrary materials using the concept of surface impedances, obtainingin a trivial way the force in the limit of perfect conductors and also Lifshitzformula in the limit of semi-infinite media. As an example we present a fulland rigorous calculation of the Casimir force between two metallic half-spacesdescribed by a hydrodynamic nonlocal dielectric response.
Wave scattering by small impedance particles in a medium	2007	The theory of acoustic wave scattering by many small bodies is developed forbodies with impedance boundary condition. It is shown that if one embeds manysmall particles in a bounded domain, filled with a known material, then one cancreate a new material with the properties very different from the properties ofthe original material. Moreover, these very different properties occur althoughthe total volume of the embedded small particles is negligible compared withthe volume of the original material.
Setup for shot noise measurements in carbon nanotubes	2007	We have constructed a noise measurement setup for high impedance carbonnanotube samples. Our setup, working in the frequency range of 600 - 900 MHz,takes advantage of the fact that the shot noise power is reasonably large forhigh impedance sources so that relatively large, fixed non-matching conditionscan be tolerated.
Performances of a Newly High Sensitive Trilayer F/Cu/F GMI Sensor	2007	We have selected stress-annealed nanocrystalline Fe-based ribbons forferromagnetic/copper/ferromagnetic sensors exhibiting high magneto-impedanceratio. Longitudinal magneto-impedance reaches 400% at 60 kHz and longitudinalmagneto-resistance increases up to 1300% around 200 kHz.
High frequency limit of the Transport Cross Section and boundedness of  the Total Cross Section in scattering by an obstacle with impedance boundary  conditions	2007	The scalar scattering of the plane wave by a strictly convex obstacle withimpedance boundary conditions is considered. The uniform boundedness of theTotal Cross Section for all values of frequencies is proved. The high frequencylimit of the Transport Cross Section is founded and presented as a classicalfunctional of the variational theory.
Magnetic flux noise in the three Josephson junctions superconducting  ring	2008	We analyze the influence of noise on magnetic properties of a su-perconducting loop which contains three Josephson junctions. This circuit is aclassical analog of a persistent current (flux) qubit. A loop supercurrentinduced by external magnetic field in the presence of thermal fluctuations iscalculated. In order to get connection with experiment we calculate theimpedance of the low-frequency tank cir- cuit which is inductively coupled witha loop of interest. We compare obtained results with the results in quantummode - when the three junction loop exhibits quantum tunneling of the magneticflux. We demonstrate that the tank-loop impedance in the classical and quan-tum modes have different temperature dependence and can be easily distinguishedexperimentally.
Impedance-matched microwave lens	2008	A microwave lens with highly reduced reflectance, as compared to conventionaldielectric lenses, is proposed. The lens is based on two-dimensional orthree-dimensional transmission-line networks that can be designed to have aneffective refractive index larger than one, while having almost perfectimpedance matching with free space. The design principles are presented and anexample lens is studied using commercial simulation software.
The impedance-matched reduced acoustic cloaking with realizable mass and  its layered design	2008	The authors present an impedance-matched reduced version of acoustic cloakingwhose mass is in a reasonable range. A layered cloak design with isotropicmaterial is also proposed for the reduced cloak. Numerical calculations fromthe transfer matrix methods show that the present layered cloak can reduce thescattering of an air cylinder substantially.
The removal of the polarization errors in low frequency dielectric  spectroscopy	2008	Electrode polarization error is the biggest problem when measuring the lowfrequency dielectric properties of electrolytes or suspensions of particles,including cells, in electrolytes. We present a simple and robust method toremove the polarization error, which we demonstrate to work on weak and strongionic electrolytes as well as on cell suspensions. The method assumes noparticular behavior of the electrode polarization impedance; it makes use ofthe fact that the effect dies out with frequency. The method allows for directmeasurement of the polarization impedance, whose behavior with the appliedvoltages, electrode distance and ionic concentration is investigated.
Electromagnetic radiation in a time-varying background medium	2009	Analytical solutions are presented for the electromagnetic radiation by anarbitrary pulsed source into a homogeneous time-varying background medium. Inthe constant-impedance case an explicit radiation formula is obtained for thesynchronous permittivity and permeability described by any positive function oftime. As might be expected, such a medium introduces significant spectralshifts and spatio-temporal modulation, which are analized here for the linearand exponential time-variations of the medium parameters. In thevarying-impedance case the solution is obtained for the fourth-order polynomialtime-dependence of the permittivity. In addition to the spectral shifts andmodulation this spatially homogeneous medium scatters the field introducingcausal echoes at the receiver location.
Generalisation of Helmholtz-Thevenin theorem to three-phase electrical  circuits	2009	The scope of this paper is to determine the generalized form for equivalenttension generator theorem (Helmholtz-Thevenin theorem) for three-phaseelectrical circuit. Any complicated electrical power systems we can reducedepending on any three-phase electrical consumer to a three-phase electricalgenerator that has certain internal impedance. Starting with this assumption,we have demonstrated the way to obtain the electromotive voltages for anequivalent generator and its internal impedances.
Influence of Demagnetization Effect on Giant Magneto Impedance of soft  Ferromagnetic Metal	2009	The large change in electromagnetic impedance in ferromagnetic state of softmagnetic metals in presence of biasing magnetic field is associated with changein screening of electromagnetic field. The screening depends on thepermeability of the metal. Apart from dependence on intrinsic properties ofmetal the permeability depends on size of the sample. It is observed that thedecrease in MI in amorphous ferromagnetic ribbon of Fe40Ni40B20 alloy is largefor long sample whereas corresponding change is small for short one with samebiasing field. As intrinsic magnetic properties and bias field are same and thedemagnetization factor increases with reduction of length of the sample thereduction of MI effect is associated with demagnetization field.
Hierarchy of Electronic Properties of Chemically Derived and Pristine  Graphene Probed by Microwave Imaging	2009	Local electrical imaging using microwave impedance microscope is performed ongraphene in different modalities, yielding a rich hierarchy of the localconductivity. The low-conductivity graphite oxide and its derivatives showsignificant electronic inhomogeneity. For the conductive chemical graphene, theresidual defects lead to a systematic reduction of the microwave signals. Incontrast, the signals on pristine graphene agree well with a lumped-elementcircuit model. The local impedance information can also be used to verify theelectrical contact between overlapped graphene pieces.
Minimizing the scattering of a non-magnetic cloak	2010	Nonmagnetic cloak offers a feasible way to achieve invisibility at opticalfrequencies using materials with only electric responses. In this letter, wesuggest an approximation of the ideal nonmagnetic cloak and quantitativelystudy its electromagnetic characteristics using a full-wave scattering theory.It is demonstrated that the forward scattering of the impedance matched cloakincreases dramatically as the thickness of the cloak decreases. Nevertheless,it is still possible to effectively reduce the total scattering cross sectionwith a very thin cloak whose impedance is not matched to the surroundingmaterial at the outer boundary. Our analysis also provides the flexibility ofreducing the scattering in an arbitrary direction.
ac-dc voltage profile and four point impedance of a quantum driven  system	2010	We investigate the behavior of the time-dependent voltage drop in aperiodically driven quantum conductor sensed by weakly coupled dynamicalvoltages probes.  We introduce the concepts of ac-dc local voltage and four point impedance inan electronic system driven by ac fields. We discuss the properties of thedifferent components of these quantities in a simple model of a quantum pump,where two ac voltages oscillating with a phase lag are applied at the walls ofa quantum dot.
Theory of Electric Double Layer Dynamics at Blocking Electrode	2011	A phenomenological theory of electric double layer polarization of blockingelectrode is presented solving modified Debye-Falkenhagen (MDF) equation forpotential, under the impedance boundary condition. The dynamic impedance andcapacitance are obtained in terms Debye screening length and frequencydependent polarization length. Two characteristic relaxation frequencies forcompact layer and diffuse layer are identified. At frequencies less thanHelmholtz layer relaxation frequency the EDL is perfectly blocking. Atfrequencies larger than the diffuse layer relaxation frequency the EDL behaveslike a resistor. At crossover frequencies the electrode is polarized.Theoretical results agrees well with experimental capacitance dispersion data.
Realization of the D'B' boundary condition	2011	In this paper we find a realization for the D'B'-boundary conditions, whichimposes vanishing normal derivatives of the normal components of the D and Bfields. The implementation of the DB boundary, requiring vanishing normalcomponents of D and B, is known. It is shown that the realization of the D'B'boundary can be based on a layer of suitable metamaterial, called thewave-guiding quarter-wave transformer, which transforms the DB boundary to theD'B' boundary. In an appendix, the mixed-impedance boundary, which is ageneralization of both DB and D'B' boundaries, is shown to transform to anothermixed-impedance boundary through the same transformer.
Origin of ferroelectric-like hysteresis loop of CaCu3Ti4O12 ceramic  studied by impedance and micro-Raman spectroscopy	2011	Ferroelectric-like hysteresis loops of CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) ceramic have beenobserved. We found that this unusual feature does not arise from thedisplacement of the Ti ions in the TiO6 octahedron, but apparently comes fromthe charges at the grain boundaries which consist of a CuO layer. Therelaxation time of 2.9 milliseconds by the charges from the grain boundary,nearly corresponding to the inverse P - V sampling frequency of 1kHz, has beenfound in the impedance spectrum. According to the micro-Raman mapping, the CuOlayer is found in the grain boundary and is perfectly distinguished from theCCTO grain.
A New Method to Calculate Electromagnetic Impedance Matching Degree in  One-Layer Microwave Absorbers	2011	A delta-function method was proposed to quantitatively evaluate theelectromagnetic impedance matching degree. Measured electromagnetic parametersof {\alpha}-Fe/Fe3B/Y2O3 nanocomposites are applied to calculate the matchingdegree by the method. Compared with reflection loss and quarter-wave principletheory, the method accurately reveals the intrinsic mechanism of microwavetransmission and reflection properties. A possible honeycomb structure withpromising high-performance microwave absorption according to the method is alsoproposed.
Comparative study of microwave absorption in Ni/SiO2 and SiO2/Ni  core-shell structures	2011	Ni coated SiO2 and SiO2 coated Ni composite particles with core-shellstructures were designed, prepared and their microwave absorption propertieswere characterized. The comparison study of the shell effect on the effectiveelectromagnetic parameters reveals that the effective permittivity/permeabilitywas crucially determined by the percent and the intrinsic electromagneticparameters of the component materials regardless of various core/shellstructures. Both of the composite core-shell structures could have goodmicrowave absorption properties. Investigation of the input impedance indicatesthat, good microwave absorption performances are a consequence of properelectromagnetic impedance matches when the effective electromagnetic parameterswere modulated.
Hybrid tomography for conductivity imaging	2011	Hybrid imaging techniques utilize couplings of physical modalities -- theyare called hybrid, because, typically, the excitation and measurementquantities belong to different modalities. Recently there has been an enormousresearch interest in this area because these methods promise very highresolution. In this paper we give a review on hybrid tomography methods for\emph{electrical conductivity} imaging. The reviewed imaging methods utilizecouplings between electric, magnetic and ultrasound modalities. By this it ispossible to perform high-resolution electrical impedance imaging and toovercome the low-resolution problem of electric impedance tomography.
Coupled-wave surface-impedance analysis of extraordinary transmission  through single and stacked metallic screens	2012	In this paper we present an efficient Coupled-wave surface-impedance methodfor the analysis of extraordinary optical transmission (EOT) through single andstacked realistic metallic screens under normal and oblique incidence,including possible dielectric interlayers. The proposed theory is valid for thecomplete frequency range where EOT has been reported, including microwaves andoptics. Electromagnetic simulations validate the results of the model, whichallows for a fast and accurate characterization of the analyzed structures.
Beam Coupling Impedance of the LHC TCTP Collimators	2012	As part of an upgrade to the LHC collimation system, 8 TCTP and 1 TCSGcollimators are proposed to replace existing collimators in the collimationsystem. In an effort to review all equipment placed in the accelerator complexfor potential side effects due to collective effects and beam-equipmentinteractions, beam coupling impedance simulations are carried out in both thetime-domain and frequency-domain of the full TCTP design. Particular attentionis paid to trapped modes that may induce beam instabilities and beam-inducedheating due to cavity modes of the device.
Superconducting Surface Impedance under Radiofrequency Field	2012	Based on BCS theory with moving Cooper pairs, the electron statesdistribution at 0K and the probability of electron occupation with finitetemperature have been derived and applied to anomalous skin effect theory toobtain the surface impedance of a superconductor under radiofrequency (RF)field. We present the numerical results for Nb and compare these withrepresentative RF field-dependent effective surface resistance measurementsfrom a 1.5 GHz resonant structure.
Stable determination of surface impedance on a rough obstacle by far  field data	2012	We treat the stability of determining the boundary impedance of an obstacleby scattering data, with a single incident field. A previous result by Sincich(SIAM J. Math. Anal. 38, (2006), 434-451) showed a log stability when theboundary of the obstacle is assumed to be C^{1,1}-smooth. We prove that, whenthe obstacle boundary is merely Lipschitz, a log-log type stability stillholds.
"Impedance mismatch is not an ""Objects vs. Relations"" problem"	2012	A problem of impedance mismatch between applications written in OO languagesand relational DB is not a problem of discrepancy between object-oriented andrelational approaches themselves. Its real causes can be found in usualimplementation of the OO approach. Direct comparison of the two approachescannot be used as a base for the conclusion that they are discrepant ormismatched. Experimental proof of absence of contradiction betweenobject-oriented paradigm and relational data model is also presented
Electrical excitation and detection of magnetic dynamics with impedance  matching	2012	Motivated by the prospects of increased measurement bandwidth, improvedsignal to noise ratio and access to the full complex magnetic susceptibility wedevelop a technique to extract microwave voltages from our high resistance (10k{\Omega}) (Ga,Mn)As microbars. We drive magnetization precession withmicrowave frequency current, using a mechanism that relies on the spin orbitinteraction. A capacitively coupled lambda/2 microstrip resonator is employedas an impedance matching network, enabling us to measure the microwave voltagegenerated during magnetisation precession.
Linearized internal functionals for anisotropic conductivities	2013	This paper concerns the reconstruction of an anisotropic conductivity tensorin an elliptic second-order equation from knowledge of the so-called powerdensity functionals. This problem finds applications in several coupled-physicsmedical imaging modalities such as ultrasound modulated electrical impedancetomography and impedance-acoustic tomography. We consider the linearization ofthe nonlinear hybrid inverse problem. We find sufficient conditions for thelinearized problem, a system of partial differential equations, to be ellipticand for the system to be injective. Such conditions are found to hold for alesser number of measurements than those required in recently establishedexplicit reconstruction procedures for the nonlinear problem.
Magnetoelectric Effect driven by Magnetic Domain Modification in LuFe2O4	2013	Magneto-capacitance effect was investigated using the impedance spectroscopyon single crystals of LuFe2O4. The intrinsic impedance response could beseparated from the interfacial response and showed a clear hysteresis loopbelow TFerri ~ 240 K under the magnetic field. The neutron diffractionexperiment under the magnetic field proves the origin of dielectric propertyrelated to the motion of nano-sized ferromagnetic domain boundary. Theseresults imply that the modification of the microscopic domain structure isresponsible for the magnetoelectric effect in LuFe2O4.
Implementation of an impedance-matched system by dressed-state  engineering	2013	In one-dimensional optical setups, light-matter interaction is drasticallyenhanced by the interference between the incident and scattered fields.Particularly, in the impedance-matched \Lambda-type three-level systems, asingle photon deterministically induces the Raman transition and switches theelectronic state of the system. Here we show that such a \Lambda system can beimplemented by using dressed states of a driven superconducting qubit and aresonator. The input microwave photons are perfectly absorbed and aredown-converted into other frequency modes in the same waveguide. The proposedsetup is applicable to single-photon detection in the microwave domain.
Analysis of the factorization method for a general class of boundary  conditions	2013	We analyze the factorization method (introduced by Kirsch in 1998 to solveinverse scattering problems at fixed frequency from the far field operator) fora general class of boundary conditions that generalizes impedance boundaryconditions. For instance, when the surface impedance operator is ofpseudo-differential type, our main result stipulates that the factorizationmethod works if the order of this operator is different from one and theoperator is Fredholm of index zero with non negative imaginary part. We alsoprovide some validating numerical examples for boundary operators of secondorder with discussion on the choice of the test function.
Cryogenic Calibration Setup for Broadband Complex Impedance Measurements	2013	Reflection measurements give access to the complex impedance of a material ona wide frequency range. This is of interest to study the dynamical propertiesof various materials, for instance disordered superconductors. Howeverreflection measurements made at cryogenic temperature suffer from thedifficulty to reliably subtract the circuit contribution. Here we report on thedesign and first tests of a setup able to precisely calibrate in situ thesample reflection, at 4.2 K and up to 2 GHz, by switching and measuring, duringthe same cool down, the sample and three calibration standards.
The electromagnetic scattering problem with Generalized Impedance  Boundary Conditions	2013	In this paper we consider the electromagnetic scattering problem by anobstacle characterised by a Generalized Impedance Boundary Condition in theharmonic regime. These boundary conditions are well known to provide accuratemodels for thin layers or imperfectly conducting bodies. We give two differentformulations of the scattering problem and we provide some general assumptionson the boundary condition under which the scattering problem has at most onesolution. We also prove that it is well-posed for three different boundaryconditions which involve second order surface differential operators under weaksign assumptions on the coefficients defining the surface operators.
An Analysis of Finite Element Approximation in Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2013	We present a finite element analysis of electrical impedance tomography forreconstructing the conductivity distribution from electrode voltagemeasurements by means of Tikhonov regularization. Two popular choices of thepenalty term, i.e., $H^1(\Omega)$-norm smoothness penalty and total variationseminorm penalty, are considered. A piecewise linear finite element method isemployed for discretizing the forward model, i.e., the complete electrodemodel, the conductivity, and the penalty functional. The convergence of thefinite element approximations for the Tikhonov model on both polyhedral andsmooth curved domains is established. This provides rigorous justifications forthe ad hoc discretization procedures in the literature.
Probabilistic interpretation of electrical impedance tomography	2014	In this paper, we give probabilistic interpretations of both, the forward andthe inverse problem of electrical impedance tomography with possiblyanisotropic, merely measurable conductivities: Using the theory of symmetricDirichlet spaces, Feynman-Kac type formulae corresponding to differentelectrode models on bounded Lipschitz domains are derived. Moreover, we give aprobabilistic interpretation of the Calder\'on inverse conductivity problem interms of reflecting diffusion processes and their corresponding boundary traceprocesses.
Impedance Matched Absorptive Thermal Blocking Filters	2014	We have designed, fabricated and characterized absorptive thermal blockingfilters for cryogenic microwave applications. The transmission line filter'sinput characteristic impedance is designed to match $50\,\Omega$ and itsresponse has been validated from 0-to-50\,GHz. The observed return loss in the0-to-20\,GHz design band is greater than $20\,$dB and shows gracefuldegradation with frequency. Design considerations and equations are providedthat enable this approach to be scaled and modified for use in otherapplications.
Admittivity imaging from multi-frequency micro-electrical impedance  tomography	2014	The aim of this paper is to propose an optimal control optimization algorithmfor reconstructing admittivity distributions (i.e., both conductivity andpermittivity) from multi-frequency micro-electrical impedance tomography. Aconvergent and stable optimization scheme is shown to be obtainable frommulti-frequency data. The results of this paper have potential applicability incancer imaging, cell culturing and differentiation, food sciences, andbiotechnology.
Casimir energy in a spherical surface within surface impedance approach:  the Drude model	2014	The Casimir Energy of a spherical surface characterized by its surfaceimpedance is calculated. The material properties of the boundary are describedby means of the Drude model, so that a generalization of previous results isobtained. The limits of the proposed approach are analyzed and a solution issuggested. The possibility of modulating the sign of the Casimir force frompositive (repulsion) to negative (attraction) is studied.
Construction of invisible conductivity perturbations for the point  electrode model in electrical impedance tomography	2014	We explain how to build invisible isotropic conductivity perturbations of theunit conductivity in the framework of the point electrode model fortwo-dimensional electrical impedance tomography. The theoretical approach,based on solving a fixed point problem, is constructive and allows theimplementation of an algorithm for approximating the invisible perturbations.The functionality of the method is demonstrated via numerical examples.
Correspondence between phasor transforms and frequency response function  in RLC circuits	2016	The analysis of RLC circuits is usually made by considering phasor transformsof sinusoidal signals (characterized by constant amplitude, period and phase)that allow the calculation of the AC steady state of RLC circuits by solvingsimple algebraic equations. In this paper I try to show that phasorrepresentation of RLC circuits is analogue to consider the frequency responsefunction (commonly designated by FRF) of the total impedance of the circuit. Inthis way I derive accurate expressions for the resonance and anti-resonancefrequencies and their corresponding values of impedances of the parallel andseries RLC circuits respectively, notwithstanding the presence of dampingeffects.
Global transformations preserving spectral data	2013	"We show the existence of a real analytic isomorphism between a space ofimpedance function $\rho$ of the Sturm-Liouville problem  $- \rho^{-2}(\rho^2f')' + uf$ on $(0,1)$, where $u$ is a function of $\rho,\rho', \rho''$, and that of potential $p$ of the Schr{\""o}dinger equation $-y'' + py$ on $(0,1)$, keeping their boundary conditions and spectral data.  This mapping is associated with the classical Liouville transformation $f \to\rho f$, and yields a global isomorphism between solutions to inverse problemsfor the Sturm-Liouville equations of the impedance form and those to theSchr{\""o}dinger equations."
Disordered Josephson junction chains: Anderson localization of normal  modes and impedance fluctuations	2013	We study the properties of the normal modes of a chain of Josephson junctionsin the simultaneous presence of disorder and absorption. We consider thesuperconducting regime of small phase fluctuations and focus on the case wherethe effects of disorder and absorption can be treated additively. We analyzethe frequency shift and the localization length of the modes. We also calculatethe distribution of the frequency-dependent impedance of the chain. Thedistribution is Gaussian if the localization length is long compared to theabsorption length; it has a power law tail in the opposite limit.
Low frequency sound attenuation in a flow duct using a thin slow sound  material	2015	We present a thin subwavelength material that can be flush mounted to a ductand which gives a large wide band attenuation at remarkably low frequencies inair flow channels. To decrease the material thickness, the sound is slowed inthe material using folded side branch tubes. The impedance of the material iscompared to the optimal value, which differs greatly from the characteristicimpedance. In particular, the viscous and thermal effects have to be very smallto have high transmission losses. Grazing flow on this material increases thelosses at the interface between the flow and the material.
A Low-Frequency and Refinement Stable Impedance Boundary Condition EFIE	2016	In this contribution, a discretisation of the IBC EFIE is introduced that (i)yields the correct solution at arbitrarily small frequencies, (ii) requires forits solution a number of matrix vector products bounded as the frequency tendsto zero and as the mesh density increases. The low frequency stabilisation isbased on a projector-based discrete Helmholtz splitting, rescaling, andrecombination that depends on the low frequency behaviour of both the EFIEoperator and the surface impedance condition. The dense mesh stabilisation is amodifcation of the Perfect Electric Conductor operator preconditioning approachtaking into account the effect on the singular value spectrum of the IBC term.
Resonant Transmission of Electromagnetic Fields through Subwavelength  Zero-$$ Slits	2008	We theoretically investigate the transmission of electromagnetic radiationthrough a metal plate with a zero-$\epsilon$ metamaterial slit, where thepermittivity tends towards zero over a given bandwidth. Our analytic resultsdemonstrate that the transmission coefficient can be substantial for a broadrange of slit geometries, including subwavelength widths that are manywavelengths long. This novel resonant effect has features quite unlike theFabry-P\'{e}rot-like resonances that have been observed in conductors with deepchannels. We further reveal that these high impedance ultranarrowzero-$\epsilon$ channels can have significantly {\it greater} transmissioncompared to slits with no wave impedance difference across them.
Homogeneous superconducting phase in TiN film : a complex impedance  study	2012	The low frequency complex impedance of a high resistivity 92 {\mu}{\Omega} cmand 100 nm thick TiN superconducting film has been measured via thetransmission of several high sensitivity GHz microresonators, down to Tc/50.The temperature dependence of the kinetic inductance follows closely BCS localelectrodynamics, with one well defined superconducting gap. This evidences therecovery of an homogeneous superconducting phase in TiN far from the disorderand composition driven transitions. Additionally, we observe a linearitybetween resonator quality factor and frequency temperature changes, which canbe described by a two fluid model.
Analysis of the longitudinal space charge impedance of a round uniform  beam inside parallel plates and rectangular chamber	2014	This paper analyzes the longitudinal space charge (LSC) impedances of a rounduniform beam inside a rectangular and parallel plate chambers using the imagecharge method. This analysis is valid for arbitrary wavelengths and thecalculation converges fast. The research shows that only a few of the imagebeams are needed to obtain a relative error less than 0.1%. The beam offseteffect is also discussed in the analysis.
Electrical impedance spectroscopy-based nondestructive testing for  imaging defects in concrete structures	2014	An electrical impedance spectroscopy-based nondestructive testing (NDT)method is proposed to image both cracks and reinforcing bars in concretestructures. The method utilizes the frequency-dependent behavior of thininsulating cracks: low-frequency electrical currents are blocked by insulatingcracks, whereas high-frequency currents can pass through the conducting barswithout being blocked by thin cracks. Rigorous mathematical analysis relatesthe geometric structures of the cracks and bars to the frequency-dependentNeumann-to-Dirichlet data. Various numerical simulations support thefeasibility of the proposed method.
From Feynman-Kac Formulae to Numerical Stochastic Homogenization in  Electrical Impedance Tomography	2015	In this paper, we use the theory of symmetric Dirichlet forms to deriveFeynman-Kac formulae for the forward problem of electrical impedance tomographywith possibly anisotropic, merely measurable conductivities corresponding todifferent electrode models on bounded Lipschitz domains. Subsequently, weemploy these Feynman-Kac formulae to rigorously justify stochastichomogenization in the case of a stochastic boundary value problem arising froman inverse anomaly detection problem. Motivated by this theoretical result, weprove an estimate for the speed of convergence of the projected mean-squaredisplacement of the underlying process which may serve as the theoreticalfoundation for the development of new scalable stochastic numericalhomogenization schemes.
Convolution quadrature for the wave equation with a nonlinear impedance  boundary condition	2016	A rarely exploited advantage of time-domain boundary integral equationscompared to their frequency counterparts is that they can be used to treatcertain nonlinear problems. In this work we investigate the scattering ofacoustic waves by a bounded obstacle with a nonlinear impedance boundarycondition. We describe a boundary integral formulation of the problem and provewithout any smoothness assumptions on the solution the convergence of a fulldiscretization: Galerkin in space and convolution quadrature in time. If thesolution is sufficiently regular, we prove that the discrete method convergesat optimal rates. Numerical evidence in 3D supports the theory.
Inverse source problem for a time-fractional heat equation with  generalized impedance boundary condition	2016	The paper considers an inverse source problem for a one-dimensionaltime-fractional heat equation with the generalized impedance boundarycondition. The inverse problem is the time dependent source parameteridentification together with the temperature distrubution from the energymeasurement. The well-posedness of the inverse problem is shown by applying theFourier expansion in terms of eigenfunctions of a spectral problem which hasthe spectral parameter also in the boundary condition and by using the resultson Volterra type integral equation with the kernel may have a diagonalsingularity.
Mathematical framework for abdominal electrical impedance tomography to  assess fatness	2016	This paper presents a static electrical impedance tomography (EIT) techniquethat evaluates abdominal obesity by estimating the thickness of subcutaneousfat. EIT has a fundamental drawback for absolute admittivity imaging because ofits lack of reference data for handling the forward modeling errors. To reducethe effect of boundary geometry errors in imaging abdominal fat, we develop adepth-based reconstruction method that uses a specially chosen current patternto construct reference-like data, which are then used to identify the borderbetween subcutaneous fat and muscle. The performance of the proposed method isdemonstrated by numerical simulations using 32-channel EIT system and humanlike domain.
Dispersion Relation of a Surface Wave at a Rough Metal-Air Interface	2016	We derived a dispersion relation of a surface wave at a rough metal-airinterface. In contrast to previous publications, we assumed that an intrinsicsurface impedance due to a finite electric conductivity of the metal can be ofthe same order as the roughness-induced impedance. We then applied our resultsto the analysis of a long-standing problem of the discrepancy between theexperimental data on the propagation of surface waves in the terahertz range offrequencies and the classical Drude theory.
Metasurfaces for perfect and full control of refraction and reflection	2016	In this talk we present and discuss a new general approach to the synthesisof metasurfaces for full control of transmitted and reflected fields. Themethod is based on the use of an equivalent impedance matrix which connects thetangential field components at the two sides on the metasurface. Finding theimpedance matrix components, we are able to synthesize metasurfaces whichperfectly realize the desired response. We will explain possible alternativephysical realizations and reveal the crucial role of bianisotropic coupling toachieve full control of transmission through perfectly matched metasurfaces.This abstract summarizes our results on metasurfaces for perfect refractioninto an arbitrary direction.
Modes and exceptional points in waveguides with impedance boundary  conditions	2016	A planar waveguide with impedance boundary, composed of non-perfect metallicplates, and with passive or active dielectric filling is considered. We showthe possibility of selective mode guiding and amplification when homogeneouspump is added to the dielectric, and analyze differences in TE and TM modepropagation. Such a non-conservative system is also shown to featureexceptional points, for specific and experimentally tunable parameters, whichare described for a particular case of transparent dielectric.
Dynamic conductivity of one-dimensional ion conductors. Impedance,  Nyquist diagrams	2016	Dynamic conductivity of the one-dimensional ion conductor is investigated atdifferent values of the interaction constant between particles and themodulating field. The consideration is based on the hard-core boson latticemodel. Calculations are performed for finite one-dimensional cluster using theexact diagonalization method. Frequency dependence of the dynamic conductivityand behaviour of its static component (Drude weight) in the charge-density-wave(CDW) and superfluid (SF) phases are studied. Frequency dispersion of impedanceand loss tangent is calculated; the Nyquist diagrams are built and analyzed.
Super-Resolution Reconstruction of Electrical Impedance Tomography  Images	2016	Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) systems are becoming popular becausethey present several advantages over competing systems. However, EIT leads toimages with very low resolution. Moreover, the nonuniform samplingcharacteristic of EIT precludes the straightforward application of traditionalimage ruper-resolution techniques. In this work, we propose a resampling basedSuper-Resolution method for EIT image quality improvement. Preliminary resultsshow that the proposed technique can lead to substantial improvements in EITimage resolution, making it more competitive with other technologies.
Evaluation of Integrals Related to the Magnetic Field Integral Equation  Over Bilinear Quadrilaterals	2017	We present a new method for computing the impedance matrix elements in themethod of moments for geometries described by bilinear quadrilaterals (BQ) andfor higher-order basis functions (HOBF). Our method is restricted to theMagnetic Field Integral Equation (MFIE) and focuses on the self-elements of theimpedance matrix and elements for which the observation point (OP) is near theintegration BQ. The method is based on the simple idea of analyticalintegration along one of the BQ's parameters and numerical integration alongthe remaining one. For the singular (or nearly so) part of the integral, weshow through analysis and examples that our method can provide precision up tofifteen significant digits (SD).
Josephson-Kondo screening cloud in circuit quantum electrodynamics	2015	We show that the non-local polarization response in a multimode circuit-QEDsetup, devised from a Cooper pair box coupled to a long chain of Josephsonjunctions, provides an alternative route to access the elusive Kondo screeningcloud. For moderate circuit impedance, we compute analytically the universallineshape for the decay of the charge susceptibility along the circuit, thatrelates to spatial entanglement between the qubit and its electromagneticenvironment. At large circuit impedance, we numerically find further spatialcorrelations that are specific to a true many-body state.
Dynamic polaron response from variational imaginary time evolution	2016	"An variational expression for the zero temperature polaron impedance isobtained by minimizing the free energy in a generalized quadratic Feynmanmodel. The impedance function of the quadratic model serves as the variationalparameter. It is shown that a very small change in the energy can beaccompanied by a large change in the optical conductivity. This is related tothe insensitivity of the Jensen-Feynman free energy to the UV properties of themodel. Analytic and numeric results are derived for the Fr\""ohlich polaron inweak and strong coupling. Standard results are recovered at weak coupling but,more importantly, strong coupling inconsistencies are removed."
Numerical determination of anomalies in multifrequency electrical  impedance tomography	2017	The multifrequency electrical impedance tomography consists in retrieving theconductivity distribution of a sample by injecting a finite number of currentswith multiple frequencies. In this paper we consider the case where theconductivity distribution is piecewise constant, takes a constant value outsidea single smooth anomaly, and a frequency dependent function inside the anomalyitself. Using an original spectral decomposition of the solution of the forwardconductivity problem in terms of Poincar\'e variational eigenelements, weretrieve the Cauchy data corresponding to the extreme case of a perfectconductor, and the conductivity profile. We then reconstruct the anomaly fromthe Cauchy data. The numerical experiments are conducted using gradient descentoptimization algorithms.
A direct method for reconstructing inclusions and boundary conditions  from electrostatic data	2017	In this paper, we will discuss the use of a Sampling Method to reconstructimpenetrable inclusions from Electrostatic Cauchy data. We consider the case ofa perfectly conducting and impedance inclusion. In either case, we show thatthe Dirichlet to Neumann mapping can be used to reconstruct impenetrablesub-regions via a sampling method. We also propose a non-iterative method basedon boundary integral equations to reconstruct the impedance parameter using thereconstructed boundary of the inclusion from the knowledge of multiple Cauchypairs which can be computed from Dirichlet to Neumann mapping. Some numericalreconstructions are presented in two space dimensions.
Detecting stochastic inclusions in electrical impedance tomography	2017	This work considers the inclusion detection problem of electrical impedancetomography with stochastic conductivities. It is shown that a conductivityanomaly with a random conductivity can be identified by applying theFactorization Method or the Monotonicity Method to the mean value of thecorresponding Neumann-to-Dirichlet map provided that the anomaly has highenough contrast in the sense of expectation. The theoretical results arecomplemented by numerical examples in two spatial dimensions.
On Sectorial L-systems with Shrdinger operator	2017	"We study L-systems with sectorial main operator and connections of theirimpedance functions with sectorial Stieltjes and inverse Stieltjes functions.Conditions when the main and state space operators (the main and associatedstate space operators) of a given L-system have the same or not angle ofsectoriality are presented in terms of their impedance functions withdiscussion provided. Detailed analysis of L-systems with one-dimensionalsectorial Shro\""odinger operator on half-line is given as well as connectionswith the Kato problem on sectorial extensions of sectorial forms. Examples thatillustrate the obtained results are presented."
Optically Coupled Methods for Microwave Impedance Microscopy	2017	Scanning Microwave Impedance Microscopy (MIM) measurement ofphotoconductivity with 50 nm resolution is demonstrated using a modulatedoptical source. The use of a modulated source allows for measurement ofphotoconductivity in a single scan without a reference region on the sample, aswell as removing most topographical artifacts and enhancing signal to noise ascompared with unmodulated measurement. A broadband light source with tunablemonochrometer is then used to measure energy resolved photoconductivity withthe same methodology. Finally, a pulsed optical source is used to measure localphoto-carrier lifetimes via MIM, using the same 50 nm resolution tip.
Heating causes non-linear microwave absorption anomaly in single wall  carbon nanotubes	2018	Microwave impedance measurements indicate a non-linear absorption anomaly insingle wall carbon nanotubes at low temperatures (below $20$ K). We investigatethe nature of the anomaly using a time resolved microwave impedance measurementtechnique. It proves that the anomaly has an extremely slow, a few hundredsecond long dynamics. This strongly suggests that the anomaly is not caused byan intrinsic electronic effect and that it is rather due to a slow heatexchange between the sample and the environment.
Hyperbolic model for Helmholtz equation with impedance boundary  conditions	2018	Solution of Helmholtz equation with impedance boundary condition on finiteinterval is equivalently reformulated as steady state of initial boundary valueproblem for first order hyperbolic system of partial differential equations.Particularly interesting property of the proposed hyperbolic model is thatsteady state is achieved in finite time. For large wavenumber the numericallychallenging task for Helmholtz equation is achieving high accuracy with smallnumber of nodal points. We successfully solved this problem by means of usingwell balanced scheme approach. Numerical tests demonstrate excellentcomputational potential of the proposed method: high accuracy is achieved forlarge wavenumber with small number of nodal points in space and time.
Bionic Reflex Control Strategy for Robotic Finger with Kinematic  Constraints	2018	This paper presents a bionic reflex control strategy for a kinematicallyconstrained robotic finger. Here, the bionic reflex is achieved through a forcetracking impedance control strategy. The dynamic model of the finger is reducedsubject to kinematic constraints. Thereafter, an impedance control strategythat allows exact tracking of forces is discussed. Simulation results for asingle finger holding a rectangular object against a flat surface arepresented. Bionic reflex response time is of the order of milliseconds.
Monotonicity based shape reconstruction in electrical impedance  tomography	2018	Current-voltage measurements in electrical impedance tomography can bepartially ordered with respect to definiteness of the associated self-adjointNeumann-to-Dirichlet operators (NtD). With this ordering, a point-wise largerconductivity leads to smaller current-voltage measurements, and smallerconductivities lead to larger measurements.  We present a converse of this simple monotonicity relation and use it tosolve the shape reconstruction (aka inclusion detection) problem in EIT. Theouter shape of a region where the conductivity differs from a known backgroundconductivity can be found by simply comparing the measurements to that ofsmaller or larger test regions.
A method for computing driving and detuning beam coupling impedances of  an asymmetric cavity using eigenmode simulations	2019	We propose a method for numerical calculation of driving and detuningtransverse beam coupling impedances of an asymmetric cavity. The method relieson eigenmode simulations and can be viewed as an alternative to time domainwakefield simulations. A similar procedure is well-established for symmetriccavities, and this paper extends it to the case of an asymmetric cavity. Themethod is benchmarked with time-domain wakefield simulations and its practicalimplementation is discussed.
Adaptive Reconstruction for Electrical Impedance Tomography with a  Piecewise Constant Conductivity	2019	In this work we propose and analyze a numerical method for electricalimpedance tomography of recovering a piecewise constant conductivity fromboundary voltage measurements. It is based on standard Tikhonov regularizationwith a Modica-Mortola penalty functional and adaptive mesh refinement usingsuitable a posteriori error estimators of residual type that involve the state,adjoint and variational inequality in the necessary optimality condition and aseparate marking strategy. We prove the convergence of the adaptive algorithmin the following sense: the sequence of discrete solutions contains asubsequence convergent to a solution of the continuous necessary optimalitysystem. Several numerical examples are presented to illustrate the convergencebehavior of the algorithm.
Convolutional Neural Network and Transfer Learning for High Impedance  Fault Detection	2019	This letter presents a novel high impedance fault (HIF) detection approachusing a convolutional neural network (CNN). Compared to traditional artificialneural networks, a CNN offers translation invariance and it can accuratelydetect HIFs in spite of variance and noise in the input data. A transferlearning method is used to address the common challenge of a system with littletraining data. Extensive studies have demonstrated the accuracy andeffectiveness of using a CNNbased approach for HIF detection.
On the notion of effective impedance	2019	It is known that electrical networks with resistors are related to theLaplace operator and random walk on weighted graphs. In this paper we considermore general electrical networks with coils, capacitors, and resistors. We givetwo mathematical models of such networks: complex-weighted graphs and graphswith weight from the ordered field of rational functions. The notion ofeffective impedance in both approaches is defined.
Stability of Current Density Impedance Imaging	2019	We study stability of reconstruction in current density impedance imaging(CDII), that is, the inverse problem of recovering the conductivity of a bodyfrom the measurement of the magnitude of the current density vector field inthe interior of the object. Our results show that CDII is stable with respectto errors in interior measurements of the current density vector field, andconfirm the stability of reconstruction which was previously observed innumerical simulations, and was long believed to be the case.
Solving Electrical Impedance Tomography with Deep Learning	2019	This paper introduces a new approach for solving electrical impedancetomography (EIT) problems using deep neural networks. The mathematical problemof EIT is to invert the electrical conductivity from the Dirichlet-to-Neumann(DtN) map. Both the forward map from the electrical conductivity to the DtN mapand the inverse map are high-dimensional and nonlinear. Motivated by the linearperturbative analysis of the forward map and based on a numerically low-rankproperty, we propose compact neural network architectures for the forward andinverse maps for both 2D and 3D problems. Numerical results demonstrate theefficiency of the proposed neural networks.
"Comment on ""Resistance of a digital voltmeter: teaching creative  thinking through an inquiry-based lab"""	2019	Teaching about measurements and showing examples of instruments' non-idealbehaviour are important in physics education. Digital multimeter inputimpedance analysis is perfect for this, since these instruments are easilyavailable, precise enough, have good value/price ratio and represent moderntechnology. A recent paper (2018 Phys. Educ. 53 053005) demonstrates how theinvestigation of the input impedance of a digital multimeter can be used ineducation. However, we think that some more discussion is needed to make itmore complete.
Target Tracking with Electrical Impedance Tomography	2019	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) has been successfully applied toseveral important application domains such as medicine, geophysics andindustrial imaging. EIT offers a high temporal resolution, which allows totrack the location of a moving target on a conductive surface accurately.Existing EIT methods are geared towards high image quality instead of smoothtarget trajectories, which makes them suboptimal for target tracking. Wecombine EIT methods with hidden Markov models for tracking moving targets on aconductive surface. Numerical experiments indicate that the proposed methodoutperforms existing EIT methods in target tracking accuracy.
Electrical Impedance Tomography with Box Constraint for Skull  Conductivity Estimation	2020	Unknown electric conductivities of human tissues is a common issue in medicalengineering. Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) is an imaging modality thatcan be used to determine these conductivities in vivo from boundarymeasurements. In this paper, we demonstrate that local conductivity values ofdifferent skull segments can be solved from EIT measurements with the help of abox constraint. Based on our numerical results, the accuracy of the resultsdepended on the locations of the current carrying electrodes and the signal tonoise ratio of the measurements. Particularly, the conductivity values of theskull segments that located below the current carrying electrodes werereconstructed more accurately.
Self-Dual Boundary Conditions in Electromaagnetics	2020	Invariance in duality transformation, the self-dual property, has importantapplications in electromagnetic engineering. In the present paper, the problemof most general linear and local boundary conditions with self-dual property isstudied. Expressing the boundary conditions in terms of a generalized impedancedyadic, the self-dual boundaries fall in two sets depending on symmetry orantisymmetry of the impedance dyadic. Previously known cases are found toappear as special cases of the general theory. Plane-wave reflection fromboundaries defined by each of the two cases of self-dual conditions areanalyzed and waves matched to the corresponding boundaries are determined. As anumerical example, reflection from a special case, the self-dual EH boundary,is computed for two planes of incidence.
Inverse time-harmonic electromagnetic scattering from coated polyhedral  scatterers with a single far-field pattern	2020	It is proved that a convex polyhedral scatterer of impedance type can beuniquely determined by the electric far-field pattern of a single incidentplane wave with fixed direction, polarization and wavenumber. Our proof relieson the reflection principle for Maxwell's equations with the impedance (orLeontovich) boundary condition enforcing on a hyper-plane. We prove that it isimpossible to analytically extend the total field across any vertex of thescatterer. This leads to a data-driven inversion scheme for imaging anarbitrary convex polyhedron.
Universal Properties of 2-Port Scattering, Impedance and Admittance  Matrices of Wave Chaotic Systems	2005	Statistical fluctuations in the eigenvalues of the scattering, impedance andadmittance matrices of 2-Port wave-chaotic systems are studied experimentallyusing a chaotic microwave cavity. These fluctuations are universal in thattheir properties are dependent only upon the degree of loss in the cavity. Weremove the direct processes introduced by the non-ideally coupled driving portsthrough a matrix-normalization process that involves the radiation-impedancematrix of the two driving ports. We find good agreement between theexperimentally obtained marginal probability density functions (PDFs) of theeigenvalues of the normalized impedance, admittance and scattering matrix andthose from Random Matrix Theory (RMT). We also experimentally study theevolution of the joint PDF of the eigenphases of the normalized scatteringmatrix as a function of loss. Experimental agreement with the theory by Brouwerand Beenakker for the joint PDF of the magnitude of the eigenvalues of thenormalized scattering matrix is also shown.
Impedance of a Rectangular Beam Tube with Small Corrugations	2002	We consider the impedance of a structure with rectangular, periodiccorrugations on two opposing sides of a rectangular beam tube. Using the methodof field matching, we find the modes in such a structure. We then limitourselves to the the case of small corrugations, but where the depth ofcorrugation is not small compared to the period. For such a structure wegenerate analytical approximate solutions for the wave number $k$, groupvelocity $v_g$, and loss factor $\kappa$ for the lowest (the dominant) modewhich, when compared with the results of the complete numerical solution,agreed well. We find: if $w\sim a$, where $w$ is the beam pipe width and $a$ isthe beam pipe half-height, then one mode dominates the impedance, with$k\sim1/\sqrt{w\delta}$ ($\delta$ is the depth of corrugation),$(1-v_g/c)\sim\delta$, and $\kappa\sim1/(aw)$, which (when replacing $w$ by$a$) is the same scaling as was found for small corrugations in a {\it round}beam pipe. Our results disagree in an important way with a recent paper ofMostacci {\it et al.} [A. Mostacci {\it et al.}, Phys. Rev. ST-AB, {\bf 5},044401 (2002)], where, for the rectangular structure, the authors obtained asynchronous mode with the same frequency $k$, but with $\kappa\sim\delta$.Finally, we find that if $w$ is large compared to $a$ then many nearby modescontribute to the impedance, resulting in a wakefield that Landau damps.
Amplification and Increased Duration of Earthquake Motion on Uneven  Stress-Free Ground	2006	When a flat stress-free surface (i.e., the ground in seismologicalapplications) separating air from a isotropic, homogeneous orhorizontally-layered, solid substratum is solicited by a SH plane body waveincident in the substratum, the response in the substratum is a singlespecularly-reflected body wave. When the stress-free condition, equivalent tovanishing surface impedance, is relaxed by the introduction of a {spatially-constant, non- vanishing surface impedance}, the response in the substratum isagain a single reflected body wave whose amplitude is less than the one in thesituation of a stress-free ground. When the stress-free condition is relaxed bythe introduction of a a {spatially-modulated surface impedance}, whichsimulates the action of an uneven (i.e., not entirely-flat) ground, thefrequency-domain response takes the form of a spectrum of {plane body waves}and {surface waves} and {resonances} are produced at the frequencies of whichone or several surface wave amplitudes can become large. It is shown, that atresonance, the amplitude of one, or of several, components of the motion on thesurface can be amplified with respect to the situation in which the surfaceimpedance is either constant or vanishes. Also, when the solicitation ispulse-like, the integrated time history of the square of surface displacementand of the square of velocity can be larger, and the duration of the signal canbe considerably longer, for a spatially-modulated impedance surface than for aconstant, or vanishing, impedance surface.
Longitudinal impedance and wake from XFEL undulators. Impact on  current-enhanced SASE schemes	2007	In this article we derive longitudinal impedance and wake function for anundulator setup with arbitrary undulator parameter, taking into account afinite transverse size of the electron bunch. Earlier studies considered a linedensity-distribution of electrons instead. We focus our attention on thelong-wavelength asymptote (compared with resonance wavelength), at largedistance of the electron bunch from the undulator entrance compared to theovertaking length, and for large vacuum-chamber size compared to the typicaltransverse size of the field. These restrictions define a parameter region ofinterest for practical applications. We calculate a closed expression forimpedance and wake function that may be evaluated numerically in the mostgeneral case. Such expression allows us to derive an analytical solution for aGaussian transverse and longitudinal bunch shape. Finally, we study thefeasibility of current-enhanced SASE schemes (ESASE) recently proposed forLCLS, that fall well-within our approximations. Numerical estimations presentedin this paper indicate that impedance-induced energy spread is sufficient toseriously degrade the FEL performance. Our conclusion is in contrast withresults in literature, where wake calculations for the LCLS case are given infree-space, as if the presence of the undulator were negligible.
A resolution of the transition to turbulence paradox	2008	Understanding the transition to turbulence has been impeded by a modelingoversight
Piezoacoustic wave spectra using improved surface impedance matrix:  Application to high impedance-contrast layered plates	2008	Starting from the general modal solutions for a homogeneous layer ofarbitrary material and crystalline symmetry, a matrix formalism is developed toestablish the semi analytical expressions of the surface impedance matrices(SIM) for a single piezo-electric layer. By applying the electrical boundaryconditions, the layer impedance matrix is reduced to a unified elastic formwhether the material is piezoelectric or not. The characteristic equation forthe dispersion curves is derived in both forms of a 3-dimentional acoustic SIMand of an electrical scalar function. The same approach is extended tomultilayered structures such as a piezoelectric layer sandwiched in between twometallic electrodes, a Bragg coupler, and a semi-infinite substrate as well.The effectiveness of the approach is numerically demonstrated by its ability todetermine the full spectra of guided modes, even at extremely high frequencies,in layered plates comprising of up to four layers and three materials. Negativeslope in f-k curve for some modes, asymptotic behavior at short wavelengthregime, as well as wave confinement phenomena made evident by the numericalresults are analyzed and interpreted in terms of the surface acoustic waves andof the interfacial waves in connection with the bulk waves in massivematerials.
Evidence for frequency-dependent extracellular impedance from the  transfer function between extracellular and intracellular potentials	2009	We examine the properties of the transfer function F_T = V_m / V_{LFP}between the intracellular membrane potential (V_m) and the local fieldpotential (V_{LFP}) in cerebral cortex. We first show theoretically that, inthe subthreshold regime, the frequency dependence of the extracellular mediumand that of the membrane potential have a clear incidence on F_T. Thecalculation of F_T from experiments and the matching with theoreticalexpressions is possible for desynchronized states where individual currentsources can be considered as independent. Using a mean-field approximation, weobtain a method to estimate the impedance of the extracellular medium withoutinjecting currents. We examine the transfer function for bipolar (differential)LFPs and compare to simultaneous recordings of V_m and V_{LFP} duringdesynchronized states in rat barrel cortex in vivo. The experimentally derivedF_T matches the one derived theoretically, only if one assumes that theimpedance of the extracellular medium is frequency-dependent, and varies as1/sqrt(omega) (Warburg impedance) for frequencies between 3 and 500 Hz. Thisconstitutes indirect evidence that the extracellular medium is non-resistive,which has many possible consequences for modeling LFPs.
Reconstructing electromagnetic obstacles by the enclosure method	2009	"We present a reconstruction algorithm for recovering both ""magnetic-hard"" and""magnetic-soft"" obstacles in a background domain with known isotropic mediumfrom the boundary impedance map. We use in our algorithm complex geometricoptics solutions constructed for Maxwell's equation."
Iron pnictide superconductors: Electrons on the verge	2009	An optical analysis reveals that the electronic correlations in the `parent'compounds of the iron pnictide superconductors are sufficiently strong tosignificantly impede the mobility of the electrons.
Creating quantum discord through local generalized amplitude damping	2011	We show that two qubits initially in completely classical state can createquantum discord through a local generalized amplitude damping channel, but hightemperature will impede the creating of quantum discord.
Frequency preference in two-dimensional neural models: a linear analysis  of the interaction between resonant and amplifying currents	2013	Many neuron types exhibit preferred frequency responses in their voltageamplitude (resonance) or phase shift to subthreshold oscillatory currents, butthe effect of biophysical parameters on these properties is not wellunderstood. We propose a general framework to analyze the role of differentionic currents and their interactions in shaping the properties of impedanceamplitude and phase in linearized biophysical models and demonstrate thisapproach in a two-dimensional linear model with two effective conductances gLand g1. We compute the key attributes of impedance and phase (resonancefrequency and amplitude, zero-phase frequency, selectivity, etc.) in the gL-g1parameter space. Using these attribute diagrams we identify two basicmechanisms for the generation of resonance: an increase in the resonanceamplitude as g1 increases while the overall impedance is decreased, and anincrease in the maximal impedance, without any change in the input resistance,as the ionic current time constant increases. We use the attribute diagrams toanalyze resonance and phase of the linearizations of two biophysical modelsthat include resonant (Ih or slow potassium) and amplifying currents(persistent sodium). In the absence of amplifying currents, the two modelsbehave similarly as the conductances of the resonant currents is increasedwhereas, with the amplifying current present, the two models have qualitativelyopposite responses. This work provides a general method for decoding the effectof biophysical parameters on linear membrane resonance and phase by trackingtrajectories, parametrized by the relevant biophysical parameter, inpre-constructed attribute diagrams.
A Kac CROW Delay Line	2013	A low-loss CROW delay line with a weak inter-resonator coupling determined bythe Kac matrix is dispersionless and can be easily impedance-matched byadjusting the coupling to the input/output waveguide.
Impedance Spectroscopy Study in the vicinity of Ferroelectric Phase  Transition	2014	An impedance spectroscopy (IS) is a versatile tool to study the effect ofgrains (bulk), grain boundaries and electrode-electrolyte interface ondielectric and electrical properties of electro-ceramics. This study onlyfocuses the high frequency (1 kHz to 10 MHz) probe of bulk ferroelectriccapacitance near ferroelectric phase transition temperature (FPTT). The PZTFWsingle phase and PZTFW-CFO composites, respectively, have been investigated tounderstand the microstructure-property relation. Keeping in mind the complexmicrostructure of both systems, low frequency ( less than 1 kHZ ) impedanceinvestigation, which basically deals with grain boundaries andelectrode-interfaces, has been ignored. X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns,microstructures, dielectric spectra, and impedance plots revealed two distinctphases, inbuilt compressive strain, small shift in dielectric maximumtemperature, and two activation energy regions, respectively, in PZTFW-CFOcomposite compare to PZTFW ceramic. Addition of CFO in PZTFW medium purifiedthe impurity phases present in the PZTFW matrix. The PZTFW-CFO composite showsflat dielectric behavior and high dielectric constant near FPTT at highfrequency may be useful for tunable dielectric capacitors. The changes in bulkcapacitance, relaxation time and constant phase element parameters have probedin the proximity of FPTT regions. Nyquist plot and modulus formalism show apoly-dispersive nature of relaxation, relate the activation energy (Ea) ofoxygen vacancies, mainly responsible for the bulk capacitive conduction. Aspiral kind of modulus spectra was observed at elevated temperatures andfrequencies (greater than 2 MHz) suggests the possible experimental artifacts,have no physical reasons to explain.
Rank Matching for Multihop Multiflow	2014	We study the degrees of freedom (DoF) of the layered 2 X 2 X 2 MIMOinterference channel where each node is equipped with arbitrary number ofantennas, the channels between the nodes have arbitrary rank constraints, andsubject to the rank-constraints the channel coefficients can take arbitraryvalues. The DoF outer bounds reveal a fundamental rank-matching phenomenon,reminiscent of impedance matching in circuit theory. It is well known that themaximum power transfer in a circuit is achieved not for the maximum or minimumload impedance but for the load impedance that matches the source impedance.Similarly, the maximum DoF in the rank- constrained 2 X 2 X 2 MIMO interferencenetwork is achieved not for the maximum or minimum ranks of the destinationhop, but when the ranks of the destination hop match the ranks of the sourcehop. In fact, for mismatched settings of interest, the outer bounds identify aDoF loss penalty that is precisely equal to the rank-mismatch between the twohops. For symmetric settings, we also provide achievability results to showthat along with the min-cut max-flow bounds, the rank-mismatch bounds are thebest possible, i.e., they hold for all channels that satisfy therank-constraints and are tight for almost all channels that satisfy therank-constraints. Limited extensions - from sum-DoF to DoF region, from 2unicasts to X message sets, from 2 hops to more than 2 hops and from 2 nodesper layer to more than 2 nodes per layer - are considered to illustrate how theinsights generalize beyond the elemental 2 X 2 X 2 channel model.
Multiport Impedance Quantization	2015	With the increase of complexity and coherence of superconducting systems madeusing the principles of circuit quantum electrodynamics, more accurate methodsare needed for the characterization, analysis and optimization of these quantumprocessors. Here we introduce a new method of modelling that can be applied tosuperconducting structures involving multiple Josephson junctions, high-Qsuperconducting cavities, external ports, and voltage sources. Our technique,an extension of our previous work on single-port structures [1], permits thederivation of system Hamiltonians that are capable of representing everyfeature of the physical system over a wide frequency band and the computationof T1 times for qubits. We begin with a black box model of the linear andpassive part of the system. Its response is given by its multiport impedancefunction Zsim(w), which can be obtained using a finite-element electormagneticssimulator. The ports of this black box are defined by the terminal pairs ofJosephson junctions, voltage sources, and 50 Ohm connectors to high-frequencylines. We fit Zsim(w) to a positive-real (PR) multiport impedance matrix Z(s),a function of the complex Laplace variable s. We then use state-spacetechniques to synthesize a finite electric circuit admitting exactly the sameimpedance Z(s) across its ports; the PR property ensures the existence of thisfinite physical circuit. We compare the performance of state-space algorithmsto classical frequency domain methods, justifying their superiority innumerical stability. The Hamiltonian of the multiport model circuit is obtainedby using existing lumped element circuit quantization formalisms [2, 3]. Due tothe presence of ideal transformers in the model circuit, these quantizationmethods must be extended, requiring the introduction of an extension of theKirchhoff voltage and current laws.
Enhancing phonon flow through 1D interfaces by Impedance Matching	2015	We extend concepts from microwave engineering to thermal interfaces andexplore the principles of impedance matching in 1D. The extension is based onthe generalization of acoustic impedance to non linear dispersions using thecontact broadening matrix $\Gamma(\omega)$, extracted from the phonon selfenergy. For a single junction, we find that for coherent and incoherent phononsthe optimal thermal conductance occurs when the matching $\Gamma(\omega)$equals the Geometric Mean (GM) of the contact broadenings. This criteria favorsthe transmission of both low and high frequency phonons by requiring that (1)the low frequency acoustic impedance of the junction matches that of the twocontacts by minimizing the sum of interfacial resistances; and (2) the cut-offfrequency is near the minimum of the two contacts, thereby reducing thespillage of the states into the tunneling regime. For an ultimately scaledsingle atom/spring junction, the matching criteria transforms to the arithmeticmean for mass and the harmonic mean for spring constant. The matching can befurther improved using a composite graded junction with an exponential varyingbroadening that functions like a broadband antireflection coating. There ishowever a trade off as the increased length of the interface brings inadditional intrinsic sources of scattering.
Model-Free Closed-Loop Stability Analysis: A Linear Functional Approach	2016	Performing a stability analysis during the design of any electronic circuitis critical to guarantee its correct operation. A closed-loop stabilityanalysis can be performed by analysing the impedance presented by the circuitat a well-chosen node without internal access to the simulator. If any of thepoles of this impedance lie in the complex right half-plane, the circuit isunstable. The classic way to detect unstable poles is to fit a rational modelon the impedance.  In this paper, a projection-based method is proposed which splits theimpedance into a stable and an unstable part by projecting on an orthogonalbasis of stable and unstable functions. When the unstable part liessignificantly above the interpolation error of the method, the circuit isconsidered unstable. Working with a projection provides one, at small cost,with a first appraisal of the unstable part of the system.  Both small-signal and large-signal stability analysis can be performed withthis projection-based method. In the small-signal case, a low-order rationalapproximation can be fitted on the unstable part to find the location of theunstable poles.
Measurement of Characteristic Impedance of Silicon Fiber Sheet based  readout strips panel for RPC detector in INO	2016	The India based Neutrino Observatory (INO) is a mega science project ofIndia, which is going to use near about 30, 000 Resistive Plate Chambers (RPC)as active detector elements for the study of atmospheric neutrino oscillations.Each RPC detector will consist of two orthogonally placed readout strips panelfor picking the signals generated in the gas chamber. The area of RPC detectorin INO-ICAL (Iron Calorimeter) experiment will be 2m x 2m, therefore thedimension of readout strips panel will also be of 2m x 2m. To get undistortedsignals pass through the readout strips panel to frontend electronics, theirCharacteristic Impedance should be matched with each other. For the matching ofCharacteristic Impedance we have used the principle of termination. In thepresent paper we will describe the need and search of new dielectric materialfor the fabrication of flame resistant, waterproof and flexible readout pickupstrips panel. We will also describe the measurement of Characteristic Impedanceof plastic honeycomb based readout strips panel and Silicon Fiber sheet basedreadout strips panel in a comparative way, and its variation under loading andwith time.
Carbon nanofiber-filled conductive silicone elastomers as soft, dry  bioelectronic interfaces	2016	Soft and pliable conductive polymer composites hold promise for applicationas bioelectronic interfaces such as for electroencephalography (EEG). Inclinical, laboratory, and real-world EEG there is a desire for dry, soft, andcomfortable interfaces to the scalp that are capable of relaying themicrovolt-level scalp potentials to signal processing electronics. A keychallenge is that most material approaches are sensitive to deformation-inducedshifts in electrical impedance associated with decreased signal-to-noise ratio.This is a particular concern in real-world environments where human motion ispresent. The entire set of brain information outside of tightly controlledlaboratory or clinical settings are currently unobtainable due to thischallenge. Here we explore the performance of an elastomeric material solutionpurposefully designed for dry, soft, comfortable scalp contact electrodes forEEG that is specifically targeted to have flat electrical impedance response todeformation to enable utilization in real world environments. A conductivecarbon nanofiber filled polydimethylsiloxane (CNF-PDMS) elastomer was evaluatedat three fill ratios (3, 4 and 7 volume percent). To evaluate usability forEEG, pre-recorded human EEG signals were replayed through the contactelectrodes subjected to quasi-static compressive strains between zero and 35%.These tests show that conductive filler ratios well above the electricalpercolation threshold are desirable in order to maximize signal-to-noise ratioand signal correlation with an ideal baseline. Increasing fill ratios yieldincreasingly flat electrical impedance response to large applied compressivedeformations with a trade in increased material stiffness, and with nominalelectrical impedance tunable over greater than 4 orders of magnitude.
QINL: Query-integrated Languages	2015	We describe an alternative solution to the impedance-mismatch problem betweenprogramming and query languages: rather than embed queries in a programminglanguage, as done in LINQ systems, we embed programs in a query language, anddub the result QINL.
Effect of cobalt substitution on structural, impedance, ferroelectric  and magnetic properties of multiferroic Bi_2Fe_4O_9 ceramics	2016	Structural, impedance, ferroelectric and magnetic properties were examined inmultiferroic Bi_{2}Fe_{4(1-x)}Co_{4x}O_{9} (0$\leq$x$\leq$0.02) ceramicssynthesized via solid-state reaction method. X-ray diffraction analysis andRietveld refinement showed secondary phase formation (for x$\geq$0.01) whichwas subsequently confirmed from room temperature Raman spectroscopy study. Thefrequency dependence of impedance and electric modulus of the material showedthe presence of non-Debye type relaxation in all the samples. The values of theactivation energies calculated from imaginary impedance and modulus lie in therange of 0.92-0.99 eV which confirmed that the oxygen vacancies play animportant role in the conduction mechanism. Moreover, suitable amount of Cosubstitution significantly enhanced the remnant polarisation (2P_{r}) from0.1193 $\mu$C/cm^{2} (x=0) to 0.2776 $\mu$C/cm^{2} (x=0.02). Besides, roomtemperature M-H measurement showed improved ferromagnetic hysteresis loop forall the modified samples. The remnant magnetization (M_{r}) and coercive field(H_{c}) increased from 0.0007 emu/gm and 42 Oe for x=0 to 0.1401 emu/gm and 296Oe for x=0.02. The improved ferroelectricity was due to Co 3d-O 2phybridization and enhanced magnetization originated from the partialsubstitution of Co^{3+} ions leading to breakdown of balance between theanti-parallel sub lattice magnetization of Fe^{3+} ions.
Structural, optical and complex impedance spectroscopy study of  multiferroic Bi2Fe4O9 ceramic	2016	"Multiferroic bismuth ferrite Bi_2Fe_4O_9 (BFO) ceramic was synthesized byconventional solid state reaction route. X-ray diffraction and Rietveldrefinement show formation of single phase ceramic with orthorhombic crystalstructure (space group Pbam). The morphological study depicted a well-definedgrain of size $\simeq$2{\mu}m. The optical studies were carried out by usingUV-Vis spectrophotometer which shows a band gap of 1.53 eV and a green emissionspectrum at 537 is observed in the Photoluminescence study. The frequencydependent dielectric study at various temperature revealed that the dielectricconstant decreases with increase in frequency. A noticeable peak shift towardshigher frequency with increasing temperature is observed in the frequencydependent dielectric loss plot. The impedance spectroscopy shows a substantialshift in imaginary impedance (Z"") peaks toward the high frequency sidedescribed that the conduction in material favoring the long range motion ofmobile charge carriers. The presence of non-Debye type multiple relaxations hasbeen confirmed by complex modulus analysis. The frequency dependent acconductivity at different temperatures indicates that the conduction process isthermally activated. The variation of dc conductivity exhibited a negativetemperature coefficient of resistance behavior. The activation energycalculated from impedance, modulus and conductivity data confirmed that theoxygen vacancies play a vital role in the conduction mechanism."
Untangling the nonlinearity in inverse scattering with data-driven  reduced order models	2017	The motivation of this work is an inverse problem for the acoustic waveequation, where an array of sensors probes an unknown medium with pulses andmeasures the scattered waves. The goal of the inversion is to determine fromthese measurements the structure of the scattering medium, modeled by aspatially varying acoustic impedance function. Many inversion algorithms assumethat the mapping from the unknown impedance to the scattered waves isapproximately linear. The linearization, known as the Born approximation, isnot accurate in strongly scattering media, where the waves undergo multiplereflections before they reach the sensors in the array. Thus, thereconstructions of the impedance have numerous artifacts. The main result ofthe paper is a novel, linear-algebraic algorithm that uses a reduced ordermodel (ROM) to map the data to those corresponding to the single scattering(Born) model. The ROM construction is based only on the measurements at thesensors in the array. The ROM is a proxy for the wave propagator operator, thatpropagates the wave in the unknown medium over the duration of the timesampling interval. The output of the algorithm can be input into anyoff-the-shelf inversion software that incorporates state of the art linearinversion algorithms to reconstruct the unknown acoustic impedance.
Appraisal of the Magnetotelluric Galvanic Electric Distortion by  Optimisation of the Relation between Amplitude and Phase Tensors	2017	The introduction of the Phase Tensor marked a major breakthrough in theunderstanding, analysis and treatment of galvanic distortion of the electricfield in the Magnetotelluric (MT) method. We build upon a recently formulatedimpedance tensor decomposition into the known Phase Tensor and an AmplitudeTensor that is shown to be complementary and algebraically independent of thePhase Tensor. This recent decomposition demonstrates that the Amplitude Tensorcontains inductive and galvanic information of the subsurface and that theinductive information is physically coupled to the one contained in the PhaseTensor. In this work we present an algorithm that employs this last finding toshow that the MT galvanic electric distortion tensor can be separated from theinductive Amplitude Tensor and hence, that this distortion can be recovered forany given data up to a single constant usually denoted as galvanic shift.Firstly, to illustrate distortion effects on the Amplitude Tensor, we manuallyapply distortion by matrix multiplication to synthetic impedance tensor data.Then, we use the observations of that analysis to define an objective function,which minimises when there is no distortion present in the Amplitude Tensor.Secondly, we describe our algorithm that employs a genetic algorithm to findthe optimal distortion tensor needed to correct the Amplitude Tensor, andtherewith the impedance tensor. Lastly, we test the performance of the proposedmethodology on synthetic data of known distortion and random distortion, and onfour real data sets. The real data sets, lit007/lit008 and lit901/lit902,demonstrate the utility of the proposed algorithm by revealing geologicalexpected results in the impedance data for the first time, which could not beachieved before by alternative methods.
Transmission line parameter identification using PMU measurements	2017	Accurate knowledge of transmission line (TL) impedance parameters helps toimprove accuracy in relay settings and power flow modeling. To improve TLparameter estimates, various algorithms have been proposed in the past toidentify TL parameters based on measurements from Phasor Measurement Units(PMUs). These methods are based on the positive sequence TL models and cangenerate accurate positive sequence impedance parameters for a fully-transposedTL when measurement noise is absent; however these methods may generateerroneous parameters when the TLs are not fully transposed or when measurementnoise is present. PMU field-measure data are often corrupted with noise andthis noise is problematic for all parameter identification algorithms,particularly so when applied to short transmission lines. This paper analyzesthe limitations of the positive sequence TL model when used for parameterestimation of TLs that are untransposed and proposes a novel method usinglinear estimation theory to identify TL parameters more reliably. This methodcan be used for the most general case: short or long lines that are fullytransposed or untransposed and have balanced or unbalance loads. Besides thepositive or negative sequence impedance parameters, the proposed method canalso be used to estimate the zero sequence parameters and the mutual impedancesbetween different sequences. This paper also examines the influence of noise inthe PMU data on the calculation of TL parameters. Several case studies areconducted based on simulated data from ATP to validate the effectiveness of thenew method. Through comparison of the results generated by this novel methodand several other methods, the effectiveness of the proposed approach isdemonstrated.
Measurements of a Quantum Dot with an Impedance-Matching On-Chip LC  Resonator at GHz Frequencies	2017	We report the realization of a bonded-bridge on-chip superconducting coil andits use in impedance-matching a highly ohmic quantum dot (QD) to a $\rm{3~GHz}$measurement setup. The coil, modeled as a lumped-element $LC$ resonator, ismore compact and has a wider bandwidth than resonators based on coplanartransmission lines (e.g. $\lambda/4$ impedance transformers and stub tuners) atpotentially better signal-to-noise ratios. In particular for measurements ofradiation emitted by the device, such as shot noise, the 50$\times$ largerbandwidth reduces the time to acquire the spectral density. The resonancefrequency, close to 3.25 GHz, is three times higher than that of the onepreviously reported wire-bonded coil. As a proof of principle, we fabricated an$LC$ circuit that achieves impedance-matching to a $\rm{\sim 15~k\Omega}$ loadand validate it with a load defined by a carbon nanotube QD of which we measurethe shot noise in the Coulomb blockade regime.
Structural Damage Identification Using Piezoelectric Impedance  Measurement with Sparse Inverse Analysis	2017	The impedance/admittance measurements of a piezoelectric transducer bonded toor embedded in a host structure can be used as damage indicator. When acredible model of the healthy structure, such as the finite element model, isavailable, using the impedance/admittance change information as input, it ispossible to identify both the location and severity of damage. The inverseanalysis, however, may be under-determined as the number of unknowns inhigh-frequency analysis is usually large while available input information islimited. The fundamental challenge thus is how to find a small set of solutionsthat cover the true damage scenario. In this research we cast the damageidentification problem into a multi-objective optimization framework to tacklethis challenge. With damage locations and severities as unknown variables, oneof the objective functions is the difference between impedance-based modelprediction in the parametric space and the actual measurements. Consideringthat damage occurrence generally affects only a small number of elements, wechoose the sparsity of the unknown variables as another objective function,deliberately, the l0 norm. Subsequently, a multi-objective Dividing RECTangles(DIRECT) algorithm is developed to facilitate the inverse analysis where thesparsity is further emphasized by sigmoid transformation. As a deterministictechnique, this approach yields results that are repeatable and conclusive. Inaddition, only one algorithmic parameter, the number of function evaluations,is needed. Numerical and experimental case studies demonstrate that theproposed framework is capable of obtaining high-quality damage identificationsolutions with limited measurement information.
Variational theory of the tapered impedance transformer	2017	Superconducting amplifiers are key components of modern quantum informationcircuits. To minimize information loss and reduce oscillations a taperedimpedance transformer of new design is needed at the input/output forcompliance with other 50 $\Omega$ components. We show that an optimal taperedtransformer of length $\ell$, joining amplifier to input line, can beconstructed using a variational principle applied to the linearized Riccatiequation describing the voltage reflection coefficient of the taper. For anincident signal of frequency $\omega_o$ the variational solution results in aninfinite set of equivalent optimal transformers, each with the same form forthe reflection coefficient, each able to eliminate input-line reflections. Forthe special case of optimal lossless transformers, the group velocity $v_g$ isshown to be constant, with characteristic impedance dependent on frequency$\omega_c=\pi v_g / \ell$. While these solutions inhibit input-line reflectionsonly for frequency $\omega_o$, a subset of optimal lossless transformers with$\omega_o$ significantly detuned from $\omega_c$ does exhibit a wide bandpass.Specifically, by choosing $\omega_o\rightarrow 0$($\omega_o\rightarrow\infty$), we obtain a subset of optimal low-pass(high-pass) lossless tapers with bandwidth $(0,\sim\omega_c)$($(\sim\omega_c,\infty)$). From the subset of solutions we derive both thewide-band low-pass and high-pass transformers, and we discuss the extent towhich they can be realized given fabrication constraints. In particular, wedemonstrate the superior reflection response of our high-pass transformer whencompared to other taper designs. Our results have application to amplifier,transceiver, and other components sensitive to impedance mismatch.
Learning with End-Users in Distribution Grids: Topology and Parameter  Estimation	2018	Efficient operation of distribution grids in the smart-grid era is hinderedby the limited presence of real-time nodal and line meters. In particular, thisprevents the easy estimation of grid topology and associated line parametersthat are necessary for control and optimization efforts in the grid. This paperstudies the problems of topology and parameter estimation in radial balanceddistribution grids where measurements are restricted to only the leaf nodes andall intermediate nodes are unobserved/hidden. To this end, we propose two exactlearning algorithms that use balanced voltage and injection measured only atthe end-users. The first algorithm requires time-stamped voltage samples,statistics of nodal power injections and permissible line impedances to recoverthe true topology. The second and improved algorithm requires only time-stampedvoltage and complex power samples to recover both the true topology andimpedances without any additional input (e.g., number of grid nodes, statisticsof injections at hidden nodes, permissible line impedances). We prove thecorrectness of both learning algorithms for grids where unobserved buses/nodeshave a degree greater than three and discuss extensions to regimes where thatassumption doesn't hold. Further, we present computational and, moreimportantly, the sample complexity of our proposed algorithm for joint topologyand impedance estimation. We illustrate the performance of the designedalgorithms through numerical experiments on the IEEE and custom powerdistribution models.
A Study Of a Wide-Angle Scanning Phased Array Based On a High-Impedance  Surface Ground Plane	2019	This paper presents a two-dimensional infinite dipole array system with amushroom-like high-impedance surface (HIS) ground plane with wide-anglescanning capability in the E-plane. The unit cell of the proposed antenna arrayconsists of a dipole antenna and a four-by-four HIS ground. The simulationresults show that the proposed antenna array can achieve a wide scanning angleof up to 65$^{\circ}$ in the E-plane with an excellent impedance match and asmall $S11$. Floquet mode analysis is utilized to analyze the active impedanceand the reflection coefficient. Good agreement is obtained between thetheoretical results and the simulations. Using numerical and theoreticalanalyses, we reveal the mechanism of such excellent wide scanning properties.For the range of small scanning angles, these excellent properties resultmainly from the special reflection phase of the HIS ground, which can cause themutual coupling between the elements of the real array to be compensated by themutual coupling effect between the real array and the mirror array. For therange of large scanning angles, since the surface wave (SW) mode could beresonantly excited by a high-order Floquet mode $\textrm{TM}_{-1,0}$ from thearray and since the SW mode could be converted into a leaky wave (LW) mode bythe scattering of the array, the radiation field from the LW mode is nearly inphase with the direct radiating field from the array. Therefore, with help fromthe special reflection phase of the HIS and the designed LW mode of the HISground, the antenna array with an HIS ground can achieve wide-angle scanningperformance.
Design and Analysis of Microfluidic Cell Counter using Spice Simulation	2019	Microfluidic cytometers based on coulter principle have recently shown agreat potential for point of care biosensors for medical diagnostics. In thisstudy, the design of coulter based microfluidic cytometer is investigated byusing electrical circuit simulations. We explore the effects of physicaldimensions of the microelectrodes, the measurement volume, size/morphology ofthe targeted cells, electrical properties of the reagents in the measurementvolume, and, the impedance of external readout circuit, on the sensitivity ofthe sensor. We show that the effect of microelectrode's surface area and thedielectric properties of the suspension medium should be carefully consideredwhen characterizing the output response of the sensor. In particular, the areaof microelectrodes can have significant effect on cells electrical opacity( theratio of the cell impedance at high to low frequency) which is commonly used todistinguish between sub-population of the target cells( e.g. lymphocytes vsmonocytes when counting white blood cells).Moreover, we highlight that theopacity response vs frequency can significantly vary depending upon whether theabsolute cell impedance or the differential output impedance is used in thecalculation. These insights can provide valuable guidelines for the design andcharacterization of coulter based microfluidic sensors.
Integrated impedance bridge for absolute capacitance measurements at  cryogenic temperatures and finite magnetic fields	2019	We developed an impedance bridge that operates at cryogenic temperatures(down to 60 mK) and in perpendicular magnetic fields up to at least 12 T. Thisis achieved by mounting a GaAs HEMT amplifier perpendicular to a printedcircuit board containing the device under test and thereby parallel to themagnetic field. The measured amplitude and phase of the output signal allowsfor the separation of the total impedance into an absolute capacitance and aresistance. Through a detailed noise characterization, we find that the bestresolution is obtained when operating the HEMT amplifier at the highest gain.We obtained a resolution in the absolute capacitance of6.4~aF$/\sqrt{\textrm{Hz}}$ at 77 K on a comb-drive actuator, while maintaininga small excitation amplitude of 15~$k_\text{B} T/e$. We show the magnetic fieldfunctionality of our impedance bridge by measuring the quantum Hall plateaus ofa top-gated hBN/graphene/hBN heterostructure at 60~mK with a probe signal of12.8~$k_\text{B} T/e$.
Shape Sensing of Variable Stiffness Soft Robots using Electrical  Impedance Tomography	2019	Soft robotic systems offer benefits over traditional rigid systems throughreduced contact trauma with soft tissues and by enabling access throughtortuous paths in minimally invasive surgery. However, the inherentdeformability of soft robots places both a greater onus on accurate modellingof their shape, and greater challenges in realising intraoperative shapesensing. Herein we present a proprioceptive (self-sensing) soft actuator, withan electrically conductive working fluid. Electrical impedance measurementsfrom up to six electrodes enabled tomographic reconstructions using ElectricalImpedance Tomography (EIT). A new Frequency Division Multiplexed (FDM) EITsystem was developed capable of measurements of 66 dB SNR with 20 ms temporalresolution. The concept was examined in two two-degree-of-freedom designs: ahydraulic hinged actuator and a pneumatic finger actuator with hydraulic beams.Both cases demonstrated that impedance measurements could be used to infershape changes, and EIT images reconstructed during actuation showed distinctpatterns with respect to each degree of freedom (DOF). Whilst there was somemechanical hysteresis observed, the repeatability of the measurements andresultant images was high. The results show the potential of FDM-EIT as alow-cost, low profile shape sensor in soft robots.
Fractional Order Models of Arterial Windkessel as an Alternative in the  Analysis of the Left Ventricular Afterload	2019	"In this paper, a new fractional order generalization of the classicalWindkessel arterial model is developed to describe the aortic input impedanceas an assessment of the left ventricular after-load. The proposed models embedsfractional-order capacitor to describe the total arterial compliance. In thispaper, we report our investigations on fractional calculus tools anddemonstrate that fractional-order impedance can be used to determine thevascular properties and studying its dynamic effects. We conceived twofractional-order lumped parametric models: the fractional-order two-elementWindkessel model and the fractional-order three-element Windkessel model. Wecompared these models to the classical Windkessel one using in-silico ascendingaortic blood pressure and flow database of 3325 virtual subjects. Resultsshowed that the proposed fractional-order models overcame the limitations ofthe standard arterial Windkessel model and captured very well the real dynamicof the aortic input impedance modulus. We also demonstrated that the proposedmodels could monitor the changes in the aortic input impedance for variousarterial physiological states. Therefore, our models provide a new tool for""hemodynamic inverse problem"" solving and offer a new, innovative way to betterunderstand the viscoelastic effect, in terms of resistive behavior of thearterial motions."
Decoupling and Matching Strategies for Compact Antenna Arrays	2019	Antenna arrays have been used in various applications and have become animportant tool to achieve high spectral efficiency in wireless communications.Its use brings to the communications system an increase in performance in termsof capacity and reliability. Recently one of the main communicationsarchitectures that makes use of antenna arrays is the Multiple-InputMultiple-Output (MIMO) technology. MIMO technology has been applied in antennaarrays composed of elements in the order of tens to hundreds. In this way, itis necessary to use the structure of compact antennas that offer all thenecessary robustness to the applied project. In this context, it is importantto revisit the concepts of mutual coupling and impedance matching among antennaelements in an array. This paper proposes and evaluates three strategies ofjoint decoupling and impedance matching networks(DMN) for antenna arrays. Thefirst method called DMN with Lumped Elements (DMN-LE) performs the decouplingand impedance matching steps with capacitors and inductors. The second methodis called the Ring Hybrid (DMN-RH). It is utilizes a microstrip line in thering form. With this approach is achieved first the decoupling followed byimpedance matching steps. The third method is called Networkless Decoupling andMatching (NDM). It brings a concept of decoupling without the presence of anetwork itself. A comparison of the methods is performed both analytically andvia computer simulations. We conclude that the third method, networkless one,is an interesting new alternative approach.
Light Intensity Modulated Impedance Spectroscopy (LIMIS) in  All-Solid-State Solar Cells at Open Circuit	2019	Potentiostatic impedance spectroscopy (IS) is a well stablishedcharacterization technique for elucidating the electric resistivity andcapacitive features of materials and devices. In the case of solar cells, byapplying a small voltage perturbation the current signal is recorded and therecombination processes and defect distributions are among the typical outcomesin IS studies. In this work a photo-impedance approach, named light intensitymodulated impedance spectroscopy (LIMIS), is first tested in all-solid-statephotovoltaic cells by recording the individual photocurrent (IMPS) andphotovoltage (IMVS) responsivity signals due to a small light perturbation atopen-circuit (OC), and combining them: LIMIS=IMVS/IMPS. The experimental LIMISspectra from silicon, organic, and perovskite solar cells are presented andcompared with IS. An analysis of the equivalent circuit numerical models fortotal resistive and capacitive features is discussed. Our theoretical findingsshow a correction to the lifetimes evaluations by obtaining the totaldifferential resistances and capacitances combining IS and LIMIS measurements.This correction addresses the discrepancies among different techniques, asshown with transient photovoltage. The experimental differences between IS andLIMIS (i) proves the unviability of the superposition principle, (ii) suggest abias-dependent photo-current correction to the empirical Shockley equation ofthe steady-state current at different illumination intensities around OC and(iii) are proposed as a potential figure of merit for characterizingperformance and stability of solar cells. In addition, new features arereported for the low-frequency capacitance of perovskite solar cells, measuredby IS and LIMIS.
Ultrathin 2 nm gold as ideal impedance-matched absorber for infrared  light	2019	Thermal detectors are a cornerstone of infrared (IR) and terahertz (THz)technology due to their broad spectral range. These detectors call for suitablebroad spectral absorbers with minimalthermal mass. Often this is realized byplasmonic absorbers, which ensure a high absorptivity butonly for a narrowspectral band. Alternativly, a common approach is based on impedance-matchingthe sheet resistance of a thin metallic film to half the free-space impedance.Thereby, it is possible to achieve a wavelength-independent absorptivity of upto 50 %, depending on the dielectric properties of the underlying substrate.However, existing absorber films typicallyrequire a thickness of the order oftens of nanometers, such as titanium nitride (14 nm), whichcan significantlydeteriorate the response of a thermal transducers. Here, we present theapplication of ultrathin gold (2 nm) on top of a 1.2 nm copper oxide seed layeras an effective IR absorber. An almost wavelength-independent and long-timestable absorptivity of 47(3) %, ranging from 2 $\mu$m to 20 $\mu$m, could beobtained and is further discussed. The presented gold thin-film representsanalmost ideal impedance-matched IR absorber that allows a significantimprovement of state-of-the-art thermal detector technology.
Acoustic impedance of a cylindrical orifice	2020	We use matched asymptotics to derive analytical formulae for the acousticimpedance of a subwavelength orifice consisting of a cylindrical perforation ina rigid plate. In the inviscid case, an end correction to the length of theorifice due to Rayleigh is shown to constitute an exponentially accurateapproximation in the limit where the aspect ratio of the orifice is large; inthe opposite limit, we derive an algebraically accurate correction, dependingupon the logarithm of the aspect ratio, to the impedance of a circular aperturein a zero-thickness screen. Viscous effects are considered in the limit of thinStokes boundary layers, where a boundary layer analysis in conjunction with areciprocity argument provides the perturbation to the impedance as a quadratureof the basic inviscid flow. We show that for large aspect ratios the latterperturbation can be captured with exponential accuracy by introducing a secondend correction whose value is calculated to be in between two guesses commonlyused in the literature; we also derive an algebraically accurate approximationin the small-aspect-ratio limit. The viscous theory reveals that the resistanceexhibits a minimum as a function of aspect ratio, with the orifice radius heldfixed. It is evident that the resistance grows in the long-aspect-ratio limit;in the opposite limit, resistance is amplified owing to the large velocitiesclose to the sharp edge of the orifice. The latter amplification arrests onlywhen the the plate is as thin as the Stokes boundary layer. The analyticalapproximations derived in this paper could be used to improve circuit modellingof resonating acoustic devices.
Impedance Modulation for Negotiating Control Authority in a Haptic  Shared Control Paradigm	2020	Communication and cooperation among team members can be enhancedsignificantly with physical interaction. Successful collaboration requires theintegration of the individual partners' intentions into a shared action plan,which may involve a continuous negotiation of intentions and roles. This paperpresents an adaptive haptic shared control framework wherein a human driver andan automation system are physically connected through a motorized steeringwheel. By virtue of haptic feedback, the driver and automation system canmonitor each other actions and can still intuitively express their controlintentions. The objective of this paper is to develop a systematic model for anautomation system that can vary its impedance such that the control authoritycan transit between the two agents intuitively and smoothly. To this end, wedefined a cost function that not only ensures the safety of the collaborativetask but also takes account of the assistive behavior of the automation system.We employed a predictive controller based on modified least square to modulatethe automation system impedance such that the cost function is optimized. Theresults demonstrate the significance of the proposed approach for negotiatingthe control authority, specifically when humans and automation are in anon-cooperative mode. Furthermore, the performance of the adaptive hapticshared control is compared with the traditional fixed automation impedancehaptic shared control paradigm.
Deducing the key physical properties of a perovskite solar cell from its  impedance response: insights from drift-diffusion modelling	2020	Interpreting the impedance response of perovskite solar cells (PSC) issignificantly more challenging than for most other photovoltaics. This is for avariety of reasons, of which the most significant are the mixedionic-electronic conduction properties of metal halide perovskites and thedifficulty in fabricating stable, and reproducible, devices. Experimentalstudies, conducted on a variety of PSCs, produce a variety of impedance spectrashapes. However, they all possess common features, the most noteworthy of whichis that they have at least two signals, at high and low frequency, withdifferent characteristic responses to temperature, illumination and electricalbias. It is shown, by a combination of experiment and drift-diffusion modellingof the ion and charge carrier transport and recombination within the cell, thatthese common features are well reproduced by the simulation. In addition, weshow that the high frequency response contains all the key information relatingto the steady-state performance of a PSC, i.e. it is a signature of therecombination mechanisms and provides a measure of charge collectionefficiency. Moreover, steady-state performance is significantly affected by thedistribution of mobile ionic charge within the perovskite layer. Comparisonbetween the electrical properties of different devices should therefore be madeusing high frequency impedance measurements performed in the steady-statevoltage regime in which the cell is expected to operate.
Polarizabilities of an Annular Cut and Coupling Impedances of  Button-Type Beam Position Monitors	1995	The longitudinal and transverse coupling impedances of a small discontinuityon the accelerator chamber wall can be expressed in terms of the electric andmagnetic polarizabilities of the discontinuity. The polarizabilities aregeometrical factors and can be found by solving a static (electric or magnetic)problem. However, they are known in the explicit analytical form only for a fewsimple-shaped discontinuities, for example, for an elliptic hole in a thinwall. In the present paper the polarizabilities of a ring-shaped cut in thewall are obtained. The results are applied to calculate the coupling impedancesof button-type beam position monitors.
Beam Coupling Impedances of Obstacles Protruding into Beam Pipe	1996	The beam coupling impedances of small obstacles protruding inside the vacuumchamber of an accelerator are calculated analytically at frequencies for whichthe wavelength is large compared to a typical size of the obstacle. Simpleformulas for a few important particular cases, including both essentiallythree-dimensional objects like a post or a mask and axisymmetric irises, arepresented. The analytical results are compared and agree with three-dimensionalcomputer simulations. These results allow simple practical estimates of thebroad-band impedance contributions from such discontinuities.
Low noise cryogenic electronics: preamplifier configurations with  feedback on the bolometer	1998	We have developed preamplifier configurations used to readout resistivebolometers such as those based on Neutron Transmuted Doped Germaniumthermometers (so called NTD Ge thermometers)[1] or NbSi thin film thermometers[2, 3]. We introduce the impedance regulating preamplifier configuration. Thisconfiguration, is compared to previously proposed readout configurations withfeedback on the bolometer [4]. It is shown that the impedance regulatingpreamplifier achieves Extreme Electrothermal Feedback without using transitionedge thermometer and SQUID readout. Thus the detector and readout electronicsare straightforwardly calibrated and can handle much larger event rates. Loopedconfigurations simplify the design and improve performance of detection such asbandwidth. Finally, we analyse the impedance regulating amplifier noisecontributions, with JFETs as front end device, relative to otherconfigurations.
Impeding and Unimpeding Gamma: The Principle of Impedance	2000	"We demonstrate that gamma (from the Lorentz transformation of the SpecialTheory of Relativity) acts as an impediment to velocity changes only when itoccurs inside motion energy transfer relationships. We also examine whether ornot gamma unimpeded velocity changes violate either the constancy of light orelementary causality. We find that no violations occur. We conclude the paperwith the procedure for a simple experiment, and further empirical evidence fromthe Hubble Space Telescope and W.M. Keck Observatory, all of which help toestablish the veracity of our ""principle of impedance."""
Determination of the magnetization scaling exponent for single crystal  La$_{0.8}$Sr$_{0.2}$MnO$_3$ by broadband microwave surface impedance  measurements	1999	Employing a broadband microwave reflection configuration, we have measuredthe complex surface impedance, $Z_S(\omega,T)$, of single crystalLa$_{0.8}$Sr$_{0.2}$MnO$_3$, as a function of frequency (0.045-45 GHz) andtemperature (250-325 K). Through the dependence of the microwave surfaceimpedance on the magnetic permeability, $\hat\mu(\omega,T)$, we have studiedthe local magnetic behavior of this material, and have extracted thespontaneous magnetization, $M_0(T)$, in {\em zero applied field}. The broadbandnature of these measurements and the fact that no external field is applied tothe material provide a unique opportunity to analyze the critical behavior ofthe spontaneous magnetization at temperatures very close to the ferromagneticphase transition. We find a Curie temperature $T_C=305.5\pm 0.5$ K and scalingexponent $\beta=0.45\pm 0.05$, in agreement with the prediction of mean-fieldtheory. We also discuss other recent determinations of the magnetizationcritical exponent in this and similar materials and show why our results aremore definitive.
Vortex Fluctuations in High-Tc Films: Flux Noise Spectrum and Complex  Impedance	1999	The flux noise spectrum and complex impedance for a 500 {\AA} thick YBCO filmare measured and compared with predictions for two dimensional vortexfluctuations. It is verified that the complex impedance and the flux noisespectra are proportional to each other, that the logarithm of the flux noisespectra for different temperatures has a common tangent with slope $\approx-1$, and that the amplitude of the noise decreases as $d^{-3}$, where $d$ isthe height above the film at which the magnetic flux is measured. A crossoverfrom normal to anomalous vortex diffusion is indicated by the measurements andis discussed in terms of a two-dimensional decoupling.
An Intuitive and Exact Steady-State Electrodynamic Formalism for  Uniaxial Multilayered Structures: Normal Incidence	2002	Exact expressions for all the steady-state fields (E, H, D, B) in uniaxiallinear media composed of an arbitrary number of layers having arbitrarythicknesses subjected to normal incidence are derived. Generic boundarycondition relations in terms of the surface wave impedance are applied at eachsurface so that fields between any sequence of layers can be related by acascaded multiplication of transfer functions. With the substitution of theappropriate surface wave impedance for the generic surface wave impedance,these generic transfer functions can be made to represent any reflection ortransmission of a wave across any boundary. This formalism obviates the need tosolve a large set of equations or an infinite series of reflections andtransmissions, which has been the traditional approach in solving suchproblems. A numerically robust exact expression for the power dissipating inany uniaxial layer is also provided. Examples of the analysis of multilayeredsystems are given. Although the development is devoted to electromagneticwaves, the methodology and expressions are transferable to acoustical waves,and to some extent, the quantum mechanical wave function.
Giant Magnetoimpedance of Glass-Covered Amorphous Microwires of  Co-Mn-Si-B and Co-Si-B	2003	A study of magnetic hysteresis and Giant magnetoimpedance (GMI) in amorphousglass covered Co-Si-B and Co-Mn-Si-B wires is presented. The wires, about 10microns in diameter, were obtained by glass-coated melt spinning technique.Samples with positive magnetostriction (MS) have a rectangular bistablehysteresis loop. A smooth hysteresis loop is observed for wires with nearlyzero MS. When MS is negative, almost no hysteresis is observed. The GMI wasmeasured in the frequency range between 20 Hz and 30 MHz. The shapes of theimpedance versus field curves are qualitatively similar to each other for bothpositive and zero MS samples. Impedance is maximum at zero field, and decreasessharply in the range 10-20 Oe. For the negative MS wires, when the drivingcurrent is small, the impedance is maximum at a finite external field. Theposition of the maximum approaches zero with increasing current. Thecontributions of the moment rotation and domain wall motion in the three casesare discussed.
Non-additivity of decoherence rates in superconducting qubits	2004	We show that the relaxation and decoherence rates 1/T_1 and 1/T_2 of a qubitcoupled to several noise sources are in general not additive, i.e., that thetotal rates are not the sums of the rates due to each individual noise source.To demonstrate this, we calculate the relaxation and pure dephasing rates 1/T_1and 1/T_\phi of a superconducting (SC) flux qubit in the Born-Markovapproximation in the presence of several circuit impedances Z_i using networkgraph theory and determine their deviation from additivity (the mixing term).We find that there is no mixing term in 1/T_\phi and that the mixing terms in1/T_1 and 1/T_2 can be positive or negative, leading to reduced or enhancedrelaxation and decoherence times T_1 and T_2. The mixing term due to thecircuit inductance L at the qubit transition frequency \omega_{01} is generallyof second order in \omega_{01}L/Z_i, but of third order if all impedances Z_iare pure resistances. We calculate T_{1,2} for an example of a SC flux qubitcoupled to two impedances.
Impedance spectroscopy study on post-annealing-tuned polycrystalline  CaCu3Ti4O12 films: Evidence of Barrier Layer Capacitor Effects	2004	In this paper, impedance spectroscopy study was performed to establish theelectrical property and microstructure relations of the as-deposited andpost-annealed polycrystalline CCTO films prepared on Pt/Ti/SiO2/Si (100)substrates by pulsed-laser deposition (PLD). Our results demonstrated that theas-deposited polycrystalline CCTO film was made of insulating grain boundarieswith semiconducting grains, indicating that the high-dielectric-constant isattributed to the barrier layer capacitor (BLC) effects. The simpleresistor-capacitor (RC) equivalent circuit and the modified constant phaseelement (CPE) circuit were used to describe the impedance spectroscopy, andexcellent agreement between the calculated and measured curves was obtained inthe CPE circuit. The resistance and capacitance of the grains and grainboundaries can be tuned by changing the annealing atmosphere and temperature.Under oxygen-absent annealing atmosphere, the electric resistances of the grainboundaries changed greatly but the resistance of the grains has almost nochange. While under oxygen annealing atmosphere, the reverse happened. On thebasis of this result, it is demonstrated that the origin of thesemiconductivity of the grains in CCTO polycrystalline films arises from theiroxygen-loss, while the grain boundaries are close to oxygen- stoicheometry.
Noise Thermal Impedance of a Diffusive Wire	2005	"The current noise density S of a conductor in equilibrium, the Johnson noise,is determined by its temperature T: S=4kTG with G the conductance. The sample'snoise temperature Tn=S/(4kG) generalizes T for a system out of equilibrium. Weintroduce the ""noise thermal impedance"" of a sample as the amplitude of theoscillation of Tn when heated by an oscillating power. For a macroscopicsample, it is the usual thermal impedance. We show for a diffusive wire howthis (complex) frequency-dependent quantity gives access to the electron-phononinteraction time in a long wire and to the diffusion time in a shorter one, andhow its real part may also give access to the electron-electron inelastic time.These times are not simply accessible from the frequency dependence of Sitself."
Current distribution and giant magnetoimpedance in composite wires with  helical magnetic anisotropy	2005	The giant magnetoimpedance effect in composite wires consising of anon-magnetic inner core and soft magnetic shell is studied theoretically. It isassumed that the magnetic shell has a helical anisotropy. The current and fielddistributions in the composite wire are found by means of a simultaneoussolution of Maxwell equations and the Landau-Lifshitz equation. The expressionsfor the diagonal and off-diagonal impedance are obtained for low and highfrequencies. The dependences of the impedance on the anisotropy axis angle andthe shell thickness are analyzed. Maximum field sensitivity is shown tocorrespond to the case of the circular anisotropy in the magnetic shell. It isdemonstrated that the optimum shell thickness to obtain maximum impedance ratiois equal to the effective skin depth in the mahnetic material.
Effects of voltage fluctuations on the current correlations in  mesoscopic Y-shaped conductors	2006	We study current fluctuations in a phase coherent Y-shaped conductorconnected to external leads and voltage probes. The voltage probes are taken tohave finite impedances and thus can cause voltage fluctuations in the circuit.Applying the Keldysh formulation and a saddle point approximation appropriatefor slow fluctuations, we examine at zero temperature the feedback effects onthe current fluctuations due to the fluctuating voltages. We considermesoscopic Y-shaped conductors made of tunnel junctions and of diffusive wires.Unlike two-terminal conductors, we find that for the Y-shaped conductors thecurrent moments in the presence of external impedances cannot be obtained fromsimple rescaling of the bare moments already in the second moments. As a directconsequence, we find that the cross correlation between the output terminalscan become positive due to the impedances in the circuit. We provide formulasfor the range of parameters that can cause positive cross correlations.
Influence of microwave annealing on GMI response and magnetization of an  amorphous Fe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 ribbon	2006	The resistive and reactive components of magneto-impedance was studied forthe as-quenched and microwave annealed amorphous Fe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 ribbon asa function of biasing d.c magnetic fields (-60 to +60 Oe) and excitationfrequencies (0.1, 1, 10 and 20MHz). The magneto-impedance (both components)response was much reduced for the microwave annealed ribbon and the changeswere more discernable at higher excitation frequencies. The imaginary componentof magneto-impedance showed maxima at finite (non-zero) d.c magnetic fields forboth the as-quenched and microwave annealed ribbons. Magnetization measurementsperformed for both the as-quenched and microwave annealed ribbons revealed themagnetic hardness of the latter. The initial susceptibility decreases by twoorders of magnitude for the microwave-annealed ribbon. XRD measurementsindicated the transformation of the surface of the ribbon from the amorphousstate to the crystalline one.
Coulomb blockade of Cooper pair tunneling and parity effects in the  Cooper pair transistor	2006	We have measured the Cooper Pair Transistor (CPT) in a tunableelectromagnetic environment consisting of four one-dimensional SQUID arrays.The transport properties of the CPT in the high impedance limit,Z_env>>R_Q=6.45~k\Omega, are studied for different ratios of the Josephsoncoupling energy to the charging energy. As the impedance of the environment isincreased, the current-voltage characteristic (IVC) of the CPT develops aCoulomb blockade of Cooper pair tunneling and the measured IVCs agreequalitatively with a theory based on quasicharge dynamics for a CPT. Increasingthe impedance of the environment induces a transition in the modulation of theIVC with the gate charge from e-periodic to 2e-periodic.
Superconductors as quantum transducers and antennas for gravitational  and electromagnetic radiation	2002	Superconductors will be considered as macroscopic quantum gravitationalantennas and transducers, which can directly convert upon reflection a beam ofquadrupolar electromagnetic radiation into gravitational radiation, and viceversa, and thus serve as practical laboratory sources and receivers ofmicrowave and other radio-frequency gravitational waves. An estimate of thetransducer conversion efficiency on the order of unity comes out of theGinzburg-Landau theory for an extreme type II, dissipationless superconductorwith minimal coupling to weak gravitational and electromagnetic radiationfields, whose frequency is smaller than the BCS gap frequency, thus satisfyingthe quantum adiabatic theorem. The concept of ``the impedance of free space forgravitational plane waves'' is introduced, and leads to a naturalimpedance-matching process, in which the two kinds of radiation fields areimpedance-matched to each other around a hundred coherence lengths beneath thesurface of the superconductor. A simple, Hertz-like experiment has beenperformed to test these ideas, and preliminary results will be reported. (PACSnos.: 03.65.Ud, 04.30.Db, 04.30.Nk, 04.80.Nn, 74.60-w, 74.72.Bk)
Maxwell's Equations with Scalar Impedance: Direct and Inverse Problems	2002	The article deals with electrodynamics in the presence of anisotropicmaterials having scalar wave impedance. Maxwell's equations written fordifferential forms over a 3-manifold are analysed. The system is extended to aDirac type first order elliptic system on the Grassmannian bundle over themanifold. The second part of the article deals with the dynamical inverseboundary value problem of determining the electromagnetic material parametersfrom boundary measurements. By using the boundary control method, it is provedthat the dynamical boundary data determines the electromagnetic travel timemetric as well as the scalar wave impedance on the manifold. This invariantresult leads also to a complete characterization of the non-uniqueness of thecorresponding inverse problem in bounded domains of R^3.  AMS-classifications: 35R30, 35L20, 58J45
Two sides of probe method and obstacle with impedance boundary condition	2006	An inverse boundary value problem for the Helmholtz equation in a boundeddomain is considered. The problem is to extract information about an unknownobstacle embedded in the domain with unknown impedance boundary condition (theRobin condition) from the associated Dirichlet-to-Neumann map. The main resultis a characterization of the unknown obstacle via the sequences that areconstructed by the Dirichlet-to-Neumann map, under smallness conditions on thewave number and the upper bound of the impedance. Moreover two alternativesimple proofs of a previous result of Cheng-Liu-Nakamura which are based ononly some energy estimates, an analysis of the blowup of the energy ofso-called reflected solutions and an application of the enclosure method to theproblem are also given.
Low-Pass Filters: Commentary on a Remark by Feynman	2004	In Feynman's lectures there is a remark about the limiting value of theimpedance of an n-section ladder consisting of purely reactive elements(capacitances and inductances). The remark is that this limiting impedance$z=\lim_{n\to\infty}z_n$ has a positive real part. He notes that this issurprising since the real part of each $z_n$ is zero, therefore it isimpossible for the limit to have a positive real part. A recent article in thisjournal offered an explanation of this paradox based on the fact that realisticimpedances have a non-negative real part, but the authors noted that theirargument was incomplete. We use the same physical idea, but give a simpleargument which shows that the sequence $z_n$ converges like a geometric series.We also calculate the finite speed at which energy is propagated out into theinfinite ladder.
Universal Fluctuations in Response Parameters of Systems in Isotropic  Random Environments	2007	Some recent publications by authors from the University of Maryland analysethe fluctuations of multi-port model parameters in stochastic environments.These authors use random matrix theory (RMT) for estimates concerningeigenfunction expansions in cavities which show so-called ``wave chaos.'' Auniversal relation between the variances of the fluctuations of multi-portimpedance parameters, of the same type as we had observed experimentally forscattering parameters in mode stirred chambers, is analysed in detail. However,contrary to our own observations, these recent papers claim that only theimpedance fluctuations satisfy universal variance ratios. In the present paper,we detail our own approach to the problem which is based on electromagneticscattering theory. It is shown that universal variance ratios are obtained, forany type of multi-port model, when the environment of the multi-port system isdescribed by a scattering operator, which is statistically isotropic in a sensewe make precise below. The only condition on the system is that the radiationpower correlation between the ports considered vanishes. This is to be comparedto the diagonality of the radiation impedance required for the Maryland resultsto be valid.
Impeded inverse energy transfer in the Charney--Hasegawa--Mima model of  quasi-geostrophic flows	2005	The behaviour of turbulent flows within the single-layer quasi-geostrophic(Charney--Hasegawa--Mima) model is shown to be strongly dependent on the Rossbydeformation wavenumber $\lambda$ (or free-surface elasticity). Herein, wederive a bound on the inverse energy transfer, specifically on the growth rate$\d\ell/\dt$ of the characteristic length scale $\ell$ representing the energycentroid. It is found that $\d\ell/\dt\le2\norm q_\infty/(\ell_s\lambda^2)$,where $\norm q_\infty$ is the supremum of the potential vorticity and $\ell_s$represents the potential enstrophy centroid of the reservoir, both invariant.This result implies that in the potential energy dominated regime($\ell\ge\ell_s\gg\lambda^{-1}$), the inverse energy transfer is stronglyimpeded, in the sense that under the usual time scale no significant transferof energy to larger scales occurs. The physical implication is that theelasticity of the free surface impedes turbulent energy transfer in wavenumberspace, effectively rendering large-scale vortices long-lived and inactive.Results from numerical simulations of forced-dissipative turbulence confirmthis prediction.
Calculation of the Coherent Synchrotron Radiation Impedance from a  Wiggler	2003	Most studies of Coherent Synchrotron Radiation (CSR) have only considered theradiation from independent dipole magnets. However, in the damping rings offuture linear colliders, a large fraction of the radiation power will beemitted in damping wigglers. In this paper, the longitudinal wakefield andimpedance due to CSR in a wiggler are derived in the limit of a large wigglerparameter $K$. After an appropriate scaling, the results can be expressed interms of universal functions, which are independent of $K$. Analyticalasymptotic results are obtained for the wakefield in the limit of large andsmall distances, and for the impedance in the limit of small and highfrequencies.
Impact of the Wiggler Coherent Synchrotron Radiation Impedance on the  Beam Instability	2003	Coherent Synchrotron Radiation (CSR) can play an important role by not onlyincreasing the energy spread and emittance of a beam, but also leading to apotential instability. Previous studies of the CSR induced longitudinalinstability were carried out for the CSR impedance due to dipole magnets.However, many storage rings include long wigglers where a large fraction of thesynchrotron radiation is emitted. This includes high-luminosity factories suchas DAPHNE, PEP-II, KEK-B, and CESR-C as well as the damping rings of futurelinear colliders. In this paper, the instability due to the CSR impedance froma wiggler is studied assuming a large wiggler parameter $K$. The primaryconsideration is a low frequency microwave-like instability, which arises nearthe pipe cut-off frequency. Detailed results are presented on the growth rateand threshold for the damping rings of several linear collider designs.Finally, the optimization of the relative fraction of damping due to thewiggler systems is discussed for the damping rings.
Nonlocal impedances and the Casimir entropy at low temperatures	2005	The problem with the temperature dependence of the Casimir force isinvestigated. Specifically, the entropy behavior in the low temperature limit,which caused debates in the literature, is analyzed. It is stressed that thebehavior of the relaxation frequency in the $T\to0$ limit does not play aphysical role since the anomalous skin effect dominates in this range. Incontrast with the previous works, where the approximate Leontovich impedancewas used for analysis of nonlocal effects, we give description of the problemin terms of exact nonlocal impedances. It is found that the Casimir entropy isgoing to zero at $T\to0$ only in the case when $s$ polarization does notcontribute to the classical part of the Casimir force. However, the entropyapproaching zero from the negative side that, in our opinion, cannot beconsidered as thermodynamically satisfactory. The resolution of the negativeentropy problem proposed in the literature is analyzed and it is shown that itcannot be considered as complete. The crisis with the thermal Casimir effect isstressed.
Microwave Properties of Borocarbide Superconductors LnNi2B2C (Ln = Y,  Er, Tm, Ho)	1995	We report measurements of the microwave surface impedance of the borocarbidefamily of superconductors LnNi2B2C (Ln=Y, Er, Tm, Ho). The experiments enabledirect measurements of the superfluid density, and are particularly sensitiveto the influence of magnetic pairbreaking.  In HoNi2B2C the antiferromagnetic transition is clearly observed at zerofield, and leads to a drastic reduction of the superfluid density, whichrecovers at lower temperatures.  In ErNi2B2C the antiferromagnetic transition is not seen in zero field data.Magnetic effects are responsible for anomalies in the low temperature surfaceimpedance below approximately 4K in HoNi2B2C and TmNi2B2C. The temperaturedependence of the microwave impedance disagrees with simple BCS calculations.
Impedance spectroscopy of epitaxial multiferroic thin films	2007	Temperature dependent impedance spectroscopy enables the many contributionsto the dielectric and resistive properties of condensed matter to bedeconvoluted and characterized separately. We have achieved this formultiferroic epitaxial thin films of BiFeO3 (BFO) and BiMnO3 (BMO), keyexamples of materials with strong magneto-electric coupling. We demonstratethat the true film capacitance of the epitaxial layers is similar to that ofthe electrode interface, making analysis of capacitance as a function of filmthickness necessary to achieve deconvolution. We modeled non-Debye impedanceresponse using Gaussian distributions of relaxation times and reveal thatconventional resistivity measurements on multiferroic layers may be dominatedby interface effects. Thermally activated charge transport models yieldedactivation energies of 0.60 eV +- 0.05 eV (BFO) and 0.25 eV +- 0.03 eV (BMO),which is consistent with conduction dominated by oxygen vacancies (BFO) andelectron hopping (BMO). The intrinsic film dielectric constants were determinedto be 320 +- 75 (BFO) and 450 +- 100 (BMO).
Studies of the temperature and frequency dependent impedance of an  electroceramic functional oxide thermistor	2007	The charge transport mechanism and the macroscopic dielectric constant inpolycrystalline device materials commonly exhibit several components such aselectrode-sample interface, grain boundary and bulk contributions. In order togain precise understanding of the functionality of polycrystallineelectroceramic device materials it is essential to deconvolute thesecontributions. The paradigm of functional thermistor ceramics based on thickfilm spinel manganates has been studied by temperature dependent alternatingcurrent impedance spectroscopy. Three typical relaxation phenomena weredetected, which all showed a separated temperature dependence of resistivityconsistent with thermally activated charge transport. The dominating grainboundary and the interface contributions exhibited distinctively differentcapacitance allowing clear identification. The composite nature of thedielectric properties in polycrystalline functional ceramics was emphasized,and impedance spectroscopy was shown to be a powerful tool to account for andmodel such behaviour.
Modeling of torsion stress giant magnetoimpedance in amorphous wires  with negative magnetostriction	2007	A model describing the influence of torsion stress on the giantmagnetoimpedance in amorphous wires with negative magnetostriction is proposed.The wire impedance is found by means of the solution of Maxwell equationstogether with the Landau-Lifshitz equation, assuming a simplified spatialdistribution of the magnetoelastic anisotropy induced by the torsion stress.The impedance is analyzed as a function of the external magnetic field, torsionstress and frequency. It is shown that the magnetoimpedance ratio torsiondependence has an asymmetric shape, with a sharp peak at some value of thetorsion stress. The calculated field and stress dependences of the impedanceare in qualitative agreement with results of the experimental study of thetorsion stress giant magnetoimpedance in Co-based amorphous wires.
Giant Magneto-impedance in stress-annealed Finemet/Copper/Finemet based  trilayer structures	2007	The resistive and reactive components of magneto-impedance (MI) forFinemet/Copper/Finemet sandwiched structures based on stress-annealednanocrystalline Fe75Si15B6Cu1Nb3 ribbons as functions of different fields(longitudinal and perpendicular) and frequencies have been measured andanalyzed. Maximum magneto-resistance and magneto-inductance ratios of 700% and450% have been obtained in 30-600 kHz frequency range respectively. These largemagneto-resistance and magneto-inductive ratios are a direct consequence of thelarge effective relative permeability due to the closed magnetic flux path inthe trilayer structure. The influence of perpendicular bias fields (Hper) inthe Longitudinal Magneto-impedance (LMI) configuration greatly improves the MIratios and sensitivities. The maximum MI ratio for the resistive part increasesto as large as 2500% for Hper ~ 1 Oe. The sensitivity of the magneto-resistanceincreases from 48%/Oe to 288%/Oe at 600 kHz frequency with the application ofHper ~ 30 Oe. Such high increase in MI ratios and sensitivities withperpendicular bias fields are due to the formation the favourable (transverse)domain structures.
A Reconfigurable Impedance Matching Network Employing RF-MEMS Switches	2008	We propose the design of a reconfigurable impedance matching network for thelower RF frequency band, based on a developed RF-MEMS technology. The circuitis composed of RF-MEMS ohmic relays, metal-insulator-metal (MIM) capacitors andsuspended spiral inductors, all integrated on a high resistivity Siliconsubstrate. The presented circuit is well-suited for all applications requiringadaptive impedance matching between two in principle unknown cascadedRF-circuits. The fabrication and testing of a monolithic integrated prototypein RF-MEMS technology from ITC-irst is currently underway.
Approximation of the acoustic radiation impedance of a cylindrical pipe	2008	Useful approximation formulae for radiation impedance are given for thereflection coefficients of both infinitely flanged and unflanged rigid-walledcylindrical ducts. The expressions guarantee that simple but necessary physicaland mathematical principles are met, like hermitian symmetry for the reflectioncoefficient (identical behaviour of positive and negative frequencies) andcausality for the impulse response. A non causal but more accurate expressionis also proposed that is suitable for frequency-domain applications. Theformulae are obtained by analytical and numerical fitting to reference resultsfrom Levine & Schwinger for the unflanged case and extracted from the radiationimpedance matrix given by Zorumski for the infinite flanged case.
Correcting the polarization effect in low frequency Dielectric  Spectroscopy	2008	We demonstrate a simple and robust methodology for measuring and analyzingthe polarization impedance appearing at interface between electrodes and ionicsolutions, in the frequency range from 1 to $10^6$ Hz. The method assumes noparticular behavior of the electrode polarization impedance and it only makesuse of the fact that the polarization effect dies out with frequency. Themethod allows a direct and un-biased measurement of the polarization impedance,whose behavior with the applied voltages and ionic concentration ismethodically investigated. Furthermore, based on the previous findings, wepropose a protocol for correcting the polarization effect in low frequencyDielectric Spectroscopy measurements of colloids. This could potentially leadto the quantitative resolution of the $\alpha$-dispersion regime of live cellsin suspension.
Planar Chirality of Plasmonic Multi-Split Rings	2009	We develop an analytical framework for the analysis of planar chiralmulti-split rings, based on a Fourier series expansion of the induced current.The number, width, and location of each split (gap) is arbitrary. Provision ismade for the possibility of inserting lumped active or passive impedance loadsin the gaps. The model demonstrates the hallmark of planar chirality and itsconsequent magneto-electric coupling as a function of the parameters of thesplits and impedance loads. It is demonstrated that impedance loads sequencedin a clockwise or anti-clockwise fashion allow for generation of dissymetriccurrent distributions in the plane, like for geometric (structural) chirality.We also determine the effect of planar chirality on the relevant dyadicpolarizability components of a split ring. Reflection and transmissioncoefficient characteristics of regular arrays of such rings are determined withthe aid of the periodic method of moments. Phase-coherent detection of thesense of handedness and incoherent detection of planar chirality per se bymeasurement of the field intensity are shown to be possible, in both thereflection and transmission characteristics. These results are relevant to bothcoherent and incoherent detection at optical and suboptical wavelengths.
Changes in the electrical transport of ZnO under visible light	2009	Complex impedance spectroscopy data in the frequency range 16Hz < f < 3 MHzat room temperature were acquired on pure ZnO single crystal and thin film. Themeasured impedance of the ZnO samples shows large changes with time afterexposure to or covering them from visible light. At fixed timesCole-Cole-diagrams indicate the presence of a single relaxation process. Asimple analysis of the impedance data allows us to obtain two main relaxationtimes. The behavior for both, ZnO crystal and thin film, is similar but thethin film shows shorter relaxation times. The analysis indicates the existenceof two different photo-active defects with activation energies between ~0.8 eVand ~1.1 eV.
Performance Analysis of Dipole Antennas Embedded in Core-Shell Spheres:  A Green's Function Analysis	2010	The main goal of this work is to theoretically investigate the behavior of anelectrically small antenna enclosed in a concentric sphere. The Greens functionanalysis is applied to characterize the input impedance of a concentricresonator excited by a dipole located at its center. The method of moments(MoM) with Galrekin's procedure is used to determine the current distributionover the source excitation and hence the input impedance. The behavior ofquality factor (Q) and bandwidths of the antenna is studied with the use ofinput impedance as a function of frequency. We illustrate that by embedding adipole antenna inside a core-shell structure, with magnetic shell anddielectric core, a Q as low as the Chu limit can be approached. The obtainedobservations demonstrate how a resonator composed of magnetic shells canprovide electrically small antennas with high bandwidths performance.
Analysis and Design of Ultra Thin Electromagnetic Absorbers Comprising  Resistively Loaded High Impedance Surfaces	2010	High-Impedance Surfaces (HIS) comprising lossy Frequency Selective Surfaces(FSS) are employed to design thin electromagnetic absorbers. The structure,despite its typical resonant behavior, is able to perform a very widebandabsorption in a reduced thickness. Losses in the frequency selective surfaceare introduced by printing the periodic pattern through resistive inks andhence avoiding the typical soldering of a large number of lumped resistors. Theeffect of the surface resistance of the FSS and dielectric substratecharacteristics on the input impedance of the absorber is discussed by means ofa circuital model. It is shown that the optimum value of surface resistance isaffected both by substrate parameters (thickness and permittivity) and by FSSelement shape. The equivalent circuit model is then used to introduce theworking principles of the narrowband and the wideband absorbing structure andto derive the best-suited element for wideband absorption. Finally, theexperimental validation of the presented structures is presented.
High Frequency Scattering by a Classically Invisible Body	2010	We consider a polyhedron with zero classical resistance, i.e., a polyhedroninvisible to an observer viewing only the paths of geometrical optics rays. Thecorresponding problem of scattering of plane waves by the polyhedron isstudied. The quasiclassical approximation is obtained and justified in the caseof impedance boundary conditions with a non zero absorbing part. It is shownthat the total momentum transmitted to the obstacle vanishes when the frequency$k$ goes to infinity, and that the total cross section oscillates at highfrequencies. When the impedance $\lambda_0$ is real (i. e., there is noabsorption), it is shown that there exists a sequence of frequencies $k_n$ suchthat the averages in the impedance of the total cross section over shrinkingintervals around $\lambda_0 $ go to zero as $k_n \to \infty$.
Generalized four-point characterization method for resistive and  capacitive contacts	2011	In this paper, a four-point characterization method is developed forresistive samples connected to either resistive or capacitive contacts.Provided the circuit equivalent of the complete measurement system is knownincluding coaxial cable and connector capacitances as well as source output andamplifier input impedances, a frequency range and capacitive scaling factor canbe determined, whereby four-point characterization can be performed. Thetechnique is demonstrated with a discrete element test sample over a widefrequency range using lock-in measurement techniques from 1 Hz - 100 kHz. Thedata fit well with a circuit simulation of the entire measurement system. Ahigh impedance preamplifier input stage gives best results, since lock-in inputimpedances may differ from manufacturer specifications. The analysis presentedhere establishes the utility of capacitive contacts for four-pointcharacterizations at low frequency.
Optimal working conditions for thermoelectric generators with realistic  thermal coupling	2011	We study how maximum output power can be obtained from a thermoelectricgenerator(TEG) with nonideal heat exchangers. We demonstrate with an analyticapproach based on a force-flux formalism that the sole improvement of theintrinsic characteristics of thermoelectric modules including the enhancementof the figure of merit is of limited interest: the constraints imposed by theworking conditions of the TEG must be considered on the same footing.Introducing an effective thermal conductance we derive the conditions whichpermit maximization of both efficiency and power production of the TEGdissipatively coupled to heat reservoirs. Thermal impedance matching must beaccounted for as well as electrical impedance matching in order to maximize theoutput power. Our calculations also show that the thermal impedance does notonly depend on the thermal conductivity at zero electrical current: it alsodepends on the TEG figure of merit. Our analysis thus yields both electricaland thermal conditions permitting optimal use of a thermoelectric generator.
Surface impedance of superconductors with weak magnetic impurities	2011	Magnetic impurities affect the spectrum of excitations of a superconductorand thus influence its impedance. We concentrate on the dissipative part of thesurface impedance. We investigate its dependence on frequency, the density andstrength of magnetic impurities, and the density and temperature ofquasiparticles. Even a small concentration of weak magnetic impuritiessignificantly modifies the excitation spectrum in the vicinity of the BCS gap.Therefore, we give special attention to the absorption threshold behavior atzero temperature and to the low-frequency absorption by quasiparticles. Thediscrete energy states introduced at low density of magnetic impurities mayserve as traps for nonequilibrium quasiparticles, reducing the absorption insome range of low radiation frequencies.
Spin torque switching with the giant spin Hall effect of tantalum	2012	We report a giant spin Hall effect (SHE) in {\beta}-Ta that generates spincurrents intense enough to induce efficient spin-transfer-torque switching offerromagnets, thereby providing a new approach for controlling magnetic devicesthat can be superior to existing technologies. We quantify this SHE by threeindependent methods and demonstrate spin-torque (ST) switching of bothout-of-plane and in-plane magnetized layers. We implement a three-terminaldevice that utilizes current passing through a low impedance Ta-ferromagnetbilayer to effect switching of a nanomagnet, with a higher-impedance magnetictunnel junction for read-out. The efficiency and reliability of this device,together with its simplicity of fabrication, suggest that this three-terminalSHE-ST design can eliminate the main obstacles currently impeding thedevelopment of magnetic memory and non-volatile spin logic technologies.
Improved Performance of TES Bolometers using Digital Feedback	2012	Voltage biased, frequency multiplexed TES bolometers have become a widespreadtool in mm-wave astrophysics. However, parasitic impedance and dynamic rangeissues can limit stability, performance, and multiplexing factors. Here, wepresent novel methods of overcoming these challenges, achieved through digitalfeedback, implemented on a Field-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). In the firstmethod, known as Digital Active Nulling (DAN), the current sensor (e.g. SQUID)is nulled in a separate digital feedback loop for each bolometer frequency.This nulling removes the dynamic range limitation on the current sensor,increases its linearity, and reduces its effective input impedance.Additionally, DAN removes constraints on wiring lengths and maximummultiplexing frequency. DAN has been fully implemented and tested. Integrationfor current experiments, including the South Pole Telescope, will be discussed.We also present a digital mechanism for strongly increasing stability in thepresence of large series impedances, known as Digitally Enhanced Voltage Bias(DEVB).
Boundary element method and simulated annealing algorithm applied to  electrical impedance tomography image reconstruction	2013	Physics has played a fundamental role in medicine sciences, specially inimaging diagnostic. Currently, image reconstruction techniques are alreadytaught in Physics courses and there is a growing interest in new potentialapplications. The aim of this paper is to introduce to students the electricalimpedance tomography, a promising technique in medical imaging. We consider anumerical example which consists in finding the position and size of anon-conductive region inside a conductive wire. We review the electricimpedance tomography inverse problem modeled by the minimization of an errorfunctional. To solve the boundary value problem that arises in the directproblem, we use the boundary element method. The simulated annealing algorithmis chosen as the optimization method. Numerical tests show the technique isaccurate to retrieve the non-conductive inclusion.
Fast Computation of the Series Impedance of Power Cables with Inclusion  of Skin and Proximity Effects	2013	We present an efficient numerical technique for calculating the seriesimpedance matrix of systems with round conductors. The method is based on asurface admittance operator in combination with the method of moments and itaccurately predicts both skin and proximity effects. Application to athree-phase armored cable with wire screens demonstrates a speed-up by a factorof about 100 compared to a finite elements computation. The inclusion ofproximity effect in combination with the high efficiency makes the new methodvery attractive for cable modeling within EMTP-type simulation tools.Currently, these tools can only take skin effect into account.
Discontinuous Electromagnetic Fields Using Huygens Sources For Wavefront  Manipulation	2013	We introduce the idea of discontinuous electric and magnetic fields at aboundary to design and shape wavefronts in an arbitrary manner. To create thisdiscontinuity in the field we use electric and magnetic currents which act likea Huygens source to radiate the desired wavefront. These currents can besynthesized either by an array of electric and magnetic dipoles or by acombined impedance and admittance surface. A dipole array is an activeimplementation to impose discontinuous fields while the impedance/admittancesurface acts as a passive one. We then expand on our previous work showing howelectric and magnetic dipole arrays can be used to cloak an objectdemonstrating two novel cloaking schemes. We also show how to arbitrarilyrefract a beam using a set of impedance and admittance surfaces. Refractionusing the idea of discontinuous fields is shown to be a more general case ofrefraction using phase discontinuities.
Predicting input impedance and efficiency of graphene reconfigurable  dipoles using a simple circuit model	2014	An analytical circuit model able to predict the input impedance ofreconfigurable graphene plasmonic dipoles is presented. A suitable definitionof plasmonic characteristic impedance, employing natural currents, is used tofor consistent modeling of the antenna-load connection in the circuit. In itspurely analytical form, the model shows good agreement with full-wavesimulations, and explains the remarkable tuning properties of grapheneantennas. Furthermore, using a single full-wave simulation and scaling laws,additional parasitic elements can be determined for a vast parametric space,leading to very accurate modeling. Finally, we also show that the modelingapproach allows fair estimation of radiation efficiency as well. The approachalso applies to thin plasmonic antennas realized using noble metals orsemiconductors.
Dynamical Coulomb Blockade of Shot Noise	2014	We observe the suppression of the finite frequency shot-noise produced by avoltage biased tunnel junction due to its interaction with a singleelectromagnetic mode of high impedance. The tunnel junction is embedded in aquarter wavelength resonator containing a dense SQUID array providing it with acharacteristic impedance in the kOhms range and a resonant frequency tunable inthe 4-6 GHz range. Such high impedance gives rise to a sizeable Coulombblockade on the tunnel junction (roughly 30% reduction in the differentialconductance) and allows an efficient measurement of the spectral density of thecurrent fluctuations at the resonator frequency. The observed blockade ofshot-noise is found in agreement with an extension of the dynamical Coulombblockade theory.
High-efficiency waveguide couplers via impedance-tunable transformation  optics	2014	We design compact waveguide couplers via impedance-tunable transformationoptics. By tuning impedance coefficients in the original space, two-dimensionalmetallic and dielectric waveguide couplers are designed with a high efficiency.Through tuning refractive index simultaneously, we find that the transformationmedium inside a designed metallic waveguide coupler can be a reduced-parametermaterial for coupling waves between waveguides with arbitrary different crosssections and embedded media. In the design of dielectric waveguide couplers, weapply two different schemes: one is that both core region and its claddingregion are contained in a transformed space, the other is only core regioncontained in the transformed space. The former has a very high efficiency near100%; the latter is less efficient with a very small decline which can be asimplified candidate in the design of near-perfect dielectric waveguidecouplers. The transformation medium for dielectric waveguide couplers can alsobe reduced-parameter material by selecting appropriate refractive indexcoefficients. Two-dimensional numerical simulations confirm our design withgood performances.
Electrical impedance tomography-based pressure-sensing using conductive  membrane	2014	This paper presents a mathematical framework for a flexible pressure-sensormodel using electrical impedance tomography (EIT). When pressure is applied toa conductive membrane patch with clamped boundary, the pressure-induced surfacedeformation results in a change in the conductivity distribution. This changecan be detected in the current-voltage data ({\it i.e.,} EIT data) measured onthe boundary of the membrane patch. Hence, the corresponding inverse problem isto reconstruct the pressure distribution from the data. The 2D apparentconductivity (in terms of EIT data) corresponding to the surface deformation isanisotropic. Thus, we consider a constrained inverse problem by restricting thecoefficient tensor to the range of the map from pressure to 2D-apparentconductivity. This paper provides theoretical grounds for the mathematicalmodel of the inverse problem. We develop a reconstruction algorithm based on acareful sensitivity analysis. We demonstrate the performance of thereconstruction algorithm through numerical simulations to validate itsfeasibility for future experimental studies.
Stochastic Galerkin finite element method with local conductivity basis  for electrical impedance tomography	2014	The objective of electrical impedance tomography is to deduce informationabout the conductivity inside a physical body from electrode measurements ofcurrent and voltage at the object boundary. In this work, the unknownconductivity is modeled as a random field parametrized by its values at a setof pixels. The uncertainty in the pixel values is propagated to the electrodemeasurements by numerically solving the forward problem of impedance tomographyby a stochastic Galerkin finite element method in the framework of the completeelectrode model. For a given set of electrode measurements, the stochasticforward solution is employed in approximately parametrizing the posteriorprobability density of the conductivity and contact resistances. Subsequently,the conductivity is reconstructed by computing the maximum a posteriori andconditional mean estimates as well as the posterior covariance. Thefunctionality of this approach is demonstrated with experimental water tankdata.
Small-signal model for frequency analysis of thermoelectric systems	2016	We show how small-signal analysis, a standard method in electricalengineering, may be applied to thermoelectric device performance measurement byextending a dc model to the dynamical regime. We thus provide a physical groundto \textit{ad-hoc} models used to interpret impedance spectroscopy ofthermoelectric elements from an electrical circuit equivalent forthermoelectric systems in the frequency domain. We particularly stress theimportance of the finite thermal impedance of the thermal contacts between thethermoelectric system and the thermal reservoirs in the derivation of suchmodels. The expression for the characteristic angular frequency of thethermoelectric system we obtain is a generalization of the expressions derivedin previous studies. In particular, it allows to envisage impedancespectroscopy measurements beyond the restrictive case of adiabatic boundaryconditions often difficult to achieve experimentally, and hence \emph{in-situ}characterization of thermoelectric generators.
Interaction reconstructed integer quantized Hall effect topological  insulator	2013	We discuss the role of direct Coulomb interaction on the bulk insulator ofthe integer quantized Hall effect that bridges the topological insulators andthe conductance quantization. We investigate the magneto-transport propertiesof a two-dimensional electron system in the bulk, numerically, utilizing theself-consistent Thomas-Fermi-Poisson screening theory. Topologically distortedHall bars with and without potential fluctuations are considered that comprisestwo identical inner contacts. Although these contacts change the topology, weshow that quantized Hall effect survives due to redistributed incompressiblestrips on account of interactions. It is shown phenomenologically that theimpedance between these contacts can be obtained by a minimal transport model.An important prediction of our self-consistent approach is a finite impedancebetween the inner contacts even in the plateau regime, where the maximum of theimpedance decreases with increasing temperature.
Stable reconstruction of generalized impedance boundary conditions	2013	We are interested in the identification of a Generalized Impedance BoundaryCondition from the far--fields created by one or several incident plane wavesat a fixed frequency. We focus on the particular case where this boundarycondition is expressed with the help of a second order surface operator: theinverse problem then amounts to retrieve the two functions $\lambda$ and $\mu$that define this boundary operator. We first derive a global Lipschitzstability result for the identification of $\ld$ or $\mu$ from the far--fieldfor bounded piecewise constant impedance coefficients and we give a new type ofstability estimate when inexact knowledge of the boundary is assumed. We thenintroduce an optimization method to identify $\lambda$ and $\mu$, using inparticular a $H^1$-type regularization of the gradient. We lastly show somenumerical results in two dimensions, including a study of the impact of somevarious parameters, and by assuming either an exact knowledge of the shape ofthe obstacle or an approximate one.
On the determination of the quasiparticle scattering rate in  unconventional superconductors by microwave surface impedance	2013	In the approximation of validity of the Drude expression for quasiparticleconductivity and the assumption that all electrons at T = 0 transform into asuperfluide condensate, the expression for the quasiparticle scattering ratetau -1 in terms of the real and imaginary parts of the microwave surfaceimpedance has been obtained. The resulting expression is a generalization ofthe well-known expression for tau^-1, valid for omega x tau is much less 1, toan arbitrary value of omega x tau, where omega is the frequency of themicrowave field. From experimental Ka-band impedance measurements, temperaturedependence of tau^-1 in superconducting single crystal pnictidesBa(Fe1-xCox)2As2 is obtained using the generalized expression. It is shown thatunder condition of the given work, the approximation omega x tau is much less 1gives the considerable error in determination of tau^-1.
Inverse acoustic scattering problem in half-space with anisotropic  random impedance	2014	We study an inverse acoustic scattering problem in half-space with aprobabilistic impedance boundary value condition. The Robin coefficient(surface impedance) is assumed to be a Gaussian random function $\lambda =\lambda(x)$ with a pseudodifferential operator describing the covariance. Wemeasure the amplitude of the backscattered field averaged over the frequencyband and assume that the data is generated by a single realization of$\lambda$. Our main result is to show that under certain conditions theprincipal symbol of the covariance operator of $\lambda$ is uniquelydetermined. Most importantly, no approximations are needed and we can solve thefull non-linear inverse problem. We concentrate on anisotropic models for theprincipal symbol, which leads to the analysis of a novel anisotropic sphericalRadon transform and its invertibility.
Coherent Rabi response of a charge-phase qubit under microwave  irradiation	2008	We report on radio-frequency measurements of the charge-phase qubit beingunder continuous microwave irradiation in the state of weak coupling to aradio-frequency tank circuit. We studied the rf impedance dependence on the twoimportant parameters such as power of microwave irradiation whose frequency isclose to the gap between the two lowest qubit energy levels, and temperature ofthe internal heat bath. We have found that backaction effects of the qubit onthe rf tank, and vice versa, tank on the qubit, lead to a negative as well as apositive real part of the qubit impedance Re$Z(\omega)$ seen by the tank. Wehave implemented noise spectroscopy measurements for direct impedance readoutat the extreme points corresponding to maximum voltage response and obtainedabsolute values of about 0.017 $\Omega$ for the negative and positiveRe$Z(\omega)$. Our results demonstrate the existence and persistence of thecoherent single- and multi-photon Rabi dynamics of the qubit with both negativeand positive dynamic resistance inserted into the tank in the temperature rangeof 10 to 200 mK.
Bacteria Identification by Phage Induced Impedance Fluctuation Analysis  (BIPIF)	2010	We present a new method for detecting and identifying bacteria by measuringimpedance fluctuations (impedance noise) caused by ion release by the bacteriaduring phage infestation. This new method significantly increases the measuredsignal strength and reduces the negative effects of drift, material aging,surface imperfections, 1/f potential fluctuations, thermal noise, and amplifiernoise.  Comparing BIPIF with another well-known method, bacteria detection by SEnsingof Phage Triggered Ion Cascades (SEPTIC), we find that the BIPIF algorithm iseasier to implement, more stable and significantly more sensitive (by severalorders of magnitude). We project that by using the BIPIF method detection of asingle bacterium will be possible.
Modelling of Human Glottis in VLSI for Low Power Architectures	2010	The Glottal Source is an important component of voice as it can be consideredas the excitation signal to the voice apparatus. Nowadays, new techniques ofspeech processing such as speech recognition and speech synthesis use theglottal closure and opening instants. Current models of the glottal wavesderive their shape from approximate information rather than from exactlymeasured data. General method concentrate on assessment of the glottis openingusing optical, acoustical methods, or on visualization of the larynx positionusing ultrasound, computer tomography or magnetic resonance imaging techniques.In this work, circuit model of Human Glottis using MOS is designed byexploiting fluid volume velocity to current, fluid pressure to voltage, andlinear and nonlinear mechanical impedances to linear and nonlinear electricalimpedances. The glottis modeled as current source includes linear, non-linearimpedances to represent laminar and turbulent flow respectively, in vocaltract. The MOS modelling and simulation results of glottal circuit has beencarried out on BSIM 3v3 model in TSMC 0.18 micrometer technology using ELDOsimulator.
Electromagnetic wave scattering by many small particles and creating  materials with a desired permeability	2010	Scattering of electromagnetic (EM) waves by many small particles (bodies)embedded in a homogeneous medium is studied. Physical properties of theparticles are described by their boundary impedances. The limiting equation isobtained for the effective EM field in the limiting medium, in the limit $a\to0$, where $a$ is the characteristic size of a particle and the number $M(a)$ ofthe particles tends to infinity at a suitable rate. The proposed theory allowsone to create a medium with an inhomogeneous permeability. The main newphysical result is the explicit analytical formula for the permeability$\mu(x)$ of the limiting medium. While the initial medium has a constantpermeability $\mu_0$, the limiting medium, obtained as a result of embeddingmany small particles with prescribed boundary impedances, has a non-homogeneouspermeability which is expressed analytically in terms of the density of thedistribution of the small particles and their boundary impedances.
Simultaneous reconstruction of outer boundary shape and admittivity  distribution in electrical impedance tomography	2012	The aim of electrical impedance tomography is to reconstruct the admittivitydistribution inside a physical body from boundary measurements of current andvoltage. Due to the severe ill-posedness of the underlying inverse problem, thefunctionality of impedance tomography relies heavily on accurate modelling ofthe measurement geometry. In particular, almost all reconstruction algorithmsrequire the precise shape of the imaged body as an input. In this work, theneed for prior geometric information is relaxed by introducing a Newton-typeoutput least squares algorithm that reconstructs the admittivity distributionand the object shape simultaneously. The method is built in the framework ofthe complete electrode model and it is based on the Fr\'echet derivative of thecorresponding current-to-voltage map with respect to the object boundary shape.The functionality of the technique is demonstrated via numerical experimentswith simulated measurement data.
Implementation of Radon Transformation for Electrical Impedance  Tomography (EIT)	2012	Radon Transformation is generally used to construct optical image (like CTimage) from the projection data in biomedical imaging. In this paper, theconcept of Radon Transformation is implemented to reconstruct ElectricalImpedance Topographic Image (conductivity or resistivity distribution) of acircular subject. A parallel resistance model of a subject is proposed forElectrical Impedance Topography(EIT) or Magnetic Induction Tomography(MIT). Acircular subject with embedded circular objects is segmented into equal widthslices from different angles. For each angle, Conductance and Conductivity ofeach slice is calculated and stored in an array. A back projection method isused to generate a two-dimensional image from one-dimensional projections. As aback projection method, Inverse Radon Transformation is applied on thecalculated conductance and conductivity to reconstruct two dimensional images.These images are compared to the target image. In the time of imagereconstruction, different filters are used and these images are compared witheach other and target image.
Acoustic Wavefront Manipulation: Impedance Inhomogeneity and  Extraordinary Reflection	2013	Optical wavefront can be manipulated by interfering elementary beams withphase inhomogeneity. Therefore a surface allowing huge, abrupt andposition-variant phase change would enable all possibilities of wavefrontengineering. However, one may not have the luxury of efficientabrupt-phase-changing materials in acoustics. This motivates us to establish acounterpart mechanism for acoustics, in order to empower the wide spectrum ofnovel acoustic applications. Remarkably, the proposed impedance-governedgeneralized Snell's law (IGSL) of reflection is distinguished from that inoptics. Via the manipulation of inhomogeneous acoustic impedance, extraordinaryreflection can be tailored for unprecedented wavefront manipulation whileordinary reflection can be surprisingly switched on or off. Our results maypower the acoustic-wave manipulation and engineering. We demonstrate novelacoustic applications by planar surfaces designed with IGSL.
Strong environmental coupling in a Josephson parametric amplifier	2014	"We present a lumped-element Josephson parametric amplifier designed tooperate with strong coupling to the environment. In this regime, we observebroadband frequency dependent amplification with multi-peaked gain profiles. Weaccount for this behaviour using the ""pumpistor"" model which allows forfrequency dependent variation of the external impedance. Using thisunderstanding, we demonstrate control over gain profiles through changes in theenvironment impedance at a given frequency. With strong coupling to a suitableexternal impedance we observe a significant increase in dynamic range, andlarge amplification bandwidth up to 700 MHz giving near quantum-limitedperformance."
Evidence for undamped waves on ohmic materials	2013	The propagation of electromagnetic fields in matter has been the subject ofintensive studies since the discovery of its rich dynamics. Impedancemeasurements are one most used technique available to study material propertiesas well as electromagnetic devices and circuits. This way, novelties on deviceconstruction and circuit technology associated to new material propertiesand/or unusual field dynamics generally rely on results supported by impedancedata. Recent advances on nanostructured materials explore astounding molecularproperties derived from nanoscale levels and apply them to studies foucused onthe generation of new devices. Accordingly, properties inherent to quantumdynamics can also generate unusual circuit elements, not included on the formerdevelopment of the electromagnetic theory. On same footings, advances in fielddynamics could also determine the advent of new technologies, producingimmediate impact on our everyday life. In this work we present the resultsobtained by measuring the impedance of single spires and coils of specificgeometry in the MHz range. They demonstrate that a new passive circuit elementwas found, which bears out the existence of an as yet unobserved propagationmode of the electromagnetic fields in matter. Our results also indicates thatthis effect is more evident using carbon made spires.
Mode propagation and attenuation in lined ducts	2014	Optimal impedance for each mode is an important concept in an infinitely longduct lined with uniform absorption material. However it is not valid for finitelength linings. This is because that the modes in lined ducts are notpower-orthogonal; the total sound power is not equal to the sum of the soundpower of each mode; cross-power terms may play important roles. In this paper,we study sound propagation and attenuation in an infinite rigid duct lined witha finite length of lining impedance. The lining impedance may be axial segmentsand circumferentially non-uniform. We propose two new physical quantities Kpand S to describe the self-overlap of the left eigenfunction and righteigenfunction of one mode and the normalized overlap between modes,respectively. The two new physical quantities describe totally the modebehaviors in lined ducts.
General analytical solutions for DC/AC circuit network analysis	2014	In this work, we present novel general analytical solutions for the currentsthat are developed in the edges of network-like circuits when some nodes of thenetwork act as sources/sinks of DC or AC current. We assume that Ohm's law isvalid at every edge and that charge at every node is conserved (with theexception of the source/sink nodes). The resistive, capacitive, and/orinductive properties of the lines in the circuit define a complex networkstructure with given impedances for each edge. Our solution for the currents ateach edge is derived in terms of the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of theLaplacian matrix of the network defined from the impedances. This derivationalso allows us to compute the equivalent impedance between any two nodes of thecircuit and relate it to currents in a closed circuit which has a singlevoltage generator instead of many input/output source/sink nodes. Contrary tosolving Kirchhoff's equations, our derivation allows to easily calculate theredistribution of currents that occurs when the location of sources and sinkschanges within the network. Finally, we show that our solutions are identicalto the ones found from Circuit Theory node analysis.
Mathematical modeling of mechanical vibration assisted conductivity  imaging	2014	This paper aims at mathematically modeling a new multi-physics conductivityimaging system incorporating mechanical vibrations simultaneously applied to animaging object together with current injections. We perturb the internalconductivity distribution by applying time-harmonic mechanical vibrations onthe boundary. This enhances the effects of any conductivity discontinuity onthe induced internal current density distribution. Unlike other conductivitycontrast enhancing frameworks, it does not require a prior knowledge of areference data. In this paper, we provide a mathematical framework for thisnovel imaging modality. As an application of the vibration-assisted impedanceimaging framework, we propose a new breast image reconstruction method inelectrical impedance tomography (EIT). As its another application, weinvestigate a conductivity anomaly detection problem and provide an efficientlocation search algorithm. We show both analytically and numerically that theapplied mechanical vibration increases the data sensitivity to the conductivitycontrast and enhances the quality of reconstructed images and anomaly detectionresults. For numerous applications in impedance imaging, the proposedmulti-physics method opens a new difference imaging area called thevibration-difference imaging, which can augment the time-difference and alsofrequency-difference imaging methods for sensitivity improvements.
Broadband Energy Harvesting Using a Metamaterial Resonator Embedded With  Non-Foster Impedance Circuitry	2014	Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) and implantable biomedical devices needefficient power and data transfer with very low profile antennas. We propose alow profile electrically small antenna for near-field wireless power and datatelemetry employing a metamaterial Split Ring Resonator (SRR) antenna. SRRs canbe designed for operation over wide frequencies from RF to visible. However,they are inherently narrowband making them sensitive to component mismatch withrespect to external transmit antenna. Here we propose an embedding of anon-foster impedance circuitry into the metamaterial SRR structure that impartsconjugate negative complex impedance to this resonator antenna therebyincreasing the effective bandwidth and thus overcoming the fundamental limitfor efficient signal coupling. We demonstrate the concept through extensivenumerical simulations and a prototype system at the board level using discreteoff-the-shelf components and printed circuit SRR antenna at 500 MHz. We showthat the power transfer between SRR receive antenna and the external transmitloop antenna is broadened by almost 400 MHz which corresponds to increase in{\Delta}f/fC from 0.49 to 1.65, before and after non-foster circuit activation.
Slow sound in lined flow ducts	2015	We consider the acoustic propagation in lined flow duct with a purelyreactive impedance at the wall. This reacting liner has the capability toreduce the speed of sound, and thus to enhance the interaction between theacoustic propagation and the low Mach number flow ($M\simeq0.3$). At the lowerfrequencies, there are typically 4 acoustic or hydrodynamic propagating modes,with 3 of them propagating in the direction of the flow. Above a criticalfrequency, there are only 2 propagating modes that all propagate in thedirection of the flow. From the exact 2D formulation an approximate 1D model isdeveloped to study the scattering of acoustic waves in a straight duct withvarying wall impedance. This simple system, with a uniform flow and with anon-uniform liner impedance at the wall, permits to study the scatteringbetween regions with different waves characteristics. Several situations arecharacterized to show the importance of negative energy waves, stronginteractions between acoustic and hydrodynamic modes or asymmetric scattering.
Impedance Matching of Atomic Thermal Interfaces Using Primitive Block  Decomposition	2015	We explore the physics of thermal impedance matching at the interface betweentwo dissimilar materials by controlling the properties of a single atomic massor bond. The maximum thermal current is transmitted between the materials whenwe are able to decompose the entire heterostructure solely in terms ofprimitive building blocks of the individual materials. Using this approach, weshow that the minimum interfacial thermal resistance arises when theinterfacial atomic mass is the arithmetic mean, while the interfacial springconstant is the harmonic mean of its neighbors. The contact induced broadeningmatrix for the local vibronic spectrum, obtained from the self-energy matrices,generalizes the concept of acoustic impedance to the nonlinear phonondispersion or the short-wavelength (atomic) limit.
Structural Properties, Impedance Spectroscopy and Dielectric Spin  Relaxation of Ni-Zn Ferrite Synthesized by Double Sintering Technique	2015	Structural properties, impedance, dielectric and electric modulus spectrahave been used to investigate the sintering temperature (Ts) effect on thesingle phase cubic spinel Ni0.6Zn0.4Fe2O4 (NZFO) ceramics synthesized bystandard ceramic technique. Enhancement of dielectric constants is observedwith increasing Ts. The collective contribution of n-type and p-type carriersyields a clear peak in notable unusual dielectric behavior is successfullyexplained by the Rezlescu model. The non-Debye type long range dielectricrelaxation phenomena is explained by electric modulus formalism. Fast responseof the grain boundaries of the sample sintered at lower Ts sample leading tosmall dielectric spin relaxation time, t (several nanoseconds) have beendetermined using electric modulus spectra for the samples sintered at differentTs. Two clear semicircles in impedance Cole-Cole plot have also beensuccessfully explained by employing two parallel RC equivalent circuits inseries configuration taking into account no electrode contribution. Such a longrelaxation time in NZFO ceramics could suitably be used in nanoscale spintronicdevices.
Fractal AC circuits and propagating waves on fractals	2015	We extend Feynman's analysis of the infinite ladder AC circuit to fractal ACcircuits. We show that the characteristic impedances can have positive realpart even though all the individual impedances inside the circuit are purelyimaginary. This provides a physical setting for analyzing wave propagation ofsignals on fractals, by analogy with the Telegrapher's Equation, andgeneralizes the real resistance metric on a fractal, which provides a measureof distance on a fractal, to complex impedances.
Polynomial collocation for handling an inaccurately known measurement  configuration in electrical impedance tomography	2016	The objective of electrical impedance tomography is to reconstruct theinternal conductivity of a physical body based on measurements of current andpotential at a finite number of electrodes attached to its boundary. Althoughthe conductivity is the quantity of main interest in impedance tomography, areal-world measurement configuration includes other unknown parameters as well:the information on the contact resistances, electrode positions and body shapeis almost always incomplete. In this work, the dependence of the electrodemeasurements on all aforementioned model properties is parametrized viapolynomial collocation. The availability of such a parametrization enablesefficient simultaneous reconstruction of the conductivity and other unknowns bya Newton-type output least squares algorithm, which is demonstrated bytwo-dimensional numerical experiments based on both noisy simulated data andexperimental data from two water tanks.
Split ring resonator resonance assisted terahertz antennas	2016	We report on the computational development of novel architectures of lowimpedance broadband antennas, for efficient detection of Terahertz (THz)frequency beams. The conceived Split Ring Resonator Resonance Assisted (SRR RA)antennas are based on both a capacitive and inductive scheme, exploiting a 200Ohm and 400 Ohm impedance, respectively. Moreover, the impedance is tunable byvarying the coupling parameters in the exploited geometry, allowing for bettermatching with the detector circuit for maximum power extraction. Our simulationresults have been obtained by assuming a 1.5 THz operation frequency.
On unimodular transformations of conservative L-systems	2016	We study unimodular transformations of conservative $L$-systems. Classes$\sM^Q$, $\sM^Q_\kappa$, $\sM^{-1,Q}_\kappa$ that are impedance functions ofthe corresponding $L$-systems are introduced. A unique unimodulartransformation of a given $L$-system with impedance function from the mentionedabove classes is found such that the impedance function of a new $L$-systembelongs to $\sM^{(-Q)}$, $\sM^{(-Q)}_\kappa$, $\sM^{-1,(-Q)}_\kappa$,respectively. As a result we get that considered classes (that areperturbations of the Donoghue classes of Herglotz-Nevanlinna functions with anarbitrary real constant $Q$) are invariant under the corresponding unimodulartransformations of $L$-systems. We define a coupling of an $L$-system and a socalled $F$-system and on its basis obtain a multiplication theorem for theirtransfer functions. In particular, it is shown that any unimodulartransformation of a given $L$-system is equivalent to a coupling of this systemand the corresponding controller, an $F$-system with a constant unimodulartransfer function. In addition, we derive an explicit form of a controllerresponsible for a corresponding unimodular transformation of an $L$-system.Examples that illustrate the developed approach are presented.
Beam steering and impedance matching of plasmonic horn nanoantennas	2016	In this paper, we study a plasmonic horn nanoantenna on a metal-backedsubstrate. The horn nanoantenna structure consists of a two-wire transmissionline (TWTL) flared at the end. We analyze the effect of the substrate thicknesson the nanoantenna's radiation pattern, and demonstrate beam steering in abroad range of elevation angles. Furthermore, we analyze the effect of theground plane on the impedance matching between the antenna and the TWTL, andobserve that the ground plane increases the back reflection into the waveguide.To reduce the reflection, we develop a transmission line model to design animpedance matching section which leads to 99.75% power transmission to thenanoantenna.
Shape-based defect classification for Non Destructive Testing	2016	The aim of this work is to classify the aerospace structure defects detectedby eddy current non-destructive testing. The proposed method is based on theassumption that the defect is bound to the reaction of the probe coil impedanceduring the test. Impedance plane analysis is used to extract a feature vectorfrom the shape of the coil impedance in the complex plane, through the use ofsome geometric parameters. Shape recognition is tested with three differentmachine-learning based classifiers: decision trees, neural networks and NaiveBayes. The performance of the proposed detection system are measured in termsof accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, precision and Matthews correlationcoefficient. Several experiments are performed on dataset of eddy currentsignal samples for aircraft structures. The obtained results demonstrate theusefulness of our approach and the competiveness against existing descriptors.
Impedance control of a cable-driven series elastic actuator with the  2-DOF control structure	2016	Series elastic actuators (SEAs) are growingly important in physicalhuman-robot interaction (HRI) due to their inherent safety and compliance.Cable-driven SEAs also allow flexible installation and remote torquetransmission, etc. However, there are still challenges for the impedancecontrol of cable-driven SEAs, such as the reduced bandwidth caused by theelastic component, and the performance balance between reference tracking androbustness. In this paper, a velocity sourced cable-driven SEA has been set up.Then, a stabilizing 2 degrees of freedom (2-DOF) control approach was designedto separately pursue the goals of robustness and torque tracking. Further, theimpedance control structure for human-robot interaction was designed andimplemented with a torque compensator. Both simulation and practicalexperiments have validated the efficacy of the 2-DOF method for the control ofcable-driven SEAs.
Evidence for a capacitor network near the metal insulator transition in  VO2 thin films probed by in-plane impedance spectroscopy	2011	Impedance spectroscopy measurements were performed in high quality Vanadiumdioxide (VO2) thin films. This technique allows us investigate the resistiveand capacitive contribution to the dielectric response near the metal-insulatortransition (MIT). A non ideal RC behavior was found in our films from roomtemperature up to 334 K. A decrease of the total capacitance was found in thisregion, possibly due to interface effects. Above the MIT, the system behaveslike a metal as expected, and a modified equivalent circuit is necessary todescribe the impedance data adequately. Around the MIT, an increase of thetotal capacitance is observed.
Edge-enhancing reconstruction algorithm for three-dimensional electrical  impedance tomography	2014	Electrical impedance tomography is an imaging modality for extractinginformation on the conductivity distribution inside a physical body fromboundary measurements of current and voltage. In many practical applications,it is a priori known that the conductivity consists of embedded inhomogeneitiesin an approximately constant background. This work introduces an iterativereconstruction algorithm that aims at finding the maximum a posteriori estimatefor the conductivity assuming an edge-preferring prior. The method is based onapplying (a single step of) priorconditioned lagged diffusivity iteration tosequential linearizations of the forward model. The algorithm is capable ofproducing reconstructions on dense unstructured three-dimensional finiteelement meshes and with a high number of measurement electrodes. Thefunctionality of the proposed technique is demonstrated with both simulated andexperimental data in the framework of the complete electrode model, which isthe most accurate model for practical impedance tomography.
Impedance spectroscopy and its application	2014	Representation of dielectric properties by impedance spectroscopy (IS) isanalyzed carefully in this paper. It is found that IS is not a good tool todescribe a uniform system because a pseudo relaxation peaks exists at lowfrequency limit corresponding to direct current (DC) conductivity and tworelaxation peaks appears simultaneously corresponding to one relaxation processfor a high loss system with tand>1. However it is very convenient to describe amultiple phase system with IS. When dielectric properties are shown byCole-Cole equation, only one Cole-Cole arc appears for one phase in IS,therefore it is very easy to distinguish different phases from each other.Especially, since pseudo relaxation exists at low frequency limit for eachphase, the location of a certain relaxation process can be deduced by ISwithout any uncertainty. Furthermore, when dielectric properties are shown withspecific impedance spectroscopy (ISI), the information of microstructure can beobtained conveniently. Based on the theoretical results above, dielectricproperties of CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) ceramics with giant dielectric constant (GDC)are investigated. Microstructure of CCTO is obtained by dielectric spectrometerand the origin of GDC is found to come from pseudo relaxation of grain.
Towards a Graphene-Based Quantum Impedance Standard	2014	Precision measurements of the quantum Hall resistance with alternatingcurrent (ac) in the kHz range were performed on epitaxial graphene in order toassess its suitability as a quantum standard of impedance. The quantum Hallplateaus measured with alternating current were found to be flat within onepart in 10^7. This is much better than for plain GaAs quantum Hall devices andshows that the magnetic-flux-dependent capacitive ac losses of the graphenedevice are less critical. The observed frequency dependence of about-8x10^-8/kHz is comparable in absolute value to the positive frequencydependence of plain GaAs devices, but the negative sign is attributed to straycapacitances which we believe can be minimized by a careful design of thegraphene device. Further improvements thus may lead to a simpler and moreuser-friendly quantum standard for both resistance and impedance.
Impedance matching of inverted conductors: Two-dimensional beam  splitters with divergent gain	2015	A thin conducting sheet - graphene, for example - transmits, absorbs, andreflects radiation. A sheet that is very thin, even vanishingly so, can stillproduce 50% absorption at normal incidence if it has conductivity correspondingto half the impedance of free space. We find that, regardless of the sheetconductivity, there exists a combination of polarization and angle of incidencethat achieves this impedance half-matching condition. If the conducting mediumcan be inverted, the conductivity is formally negative and the sheet amplifiesthe incident radiation. To the extent that a negative half-match in a thinsheet can be maintained, enormous single-pass gain in both transmission andreflection is possible. Known semiconductors (e.g., gallium nitride) have theoptical properties necessary to give large amplification in a structure thatis, remarkably, both thin and nonresonant.
Accurate Impedance Calculation for Underground and Submarine Power  Cables using MoM-SO and a Multilayer Ground Model	2015	An accurate knowledge of the per-unit length impedance of power cables isnecessary to correctly predict electromagnetic transients in power systems. Inparticular, skin, proximity, and ground return effects must be properlyestimated. In many applications, the medium that surrounds the cable is notuniform and can consist of multiple layers of different conductivity, such asdry and wet soil, water, or air. We introduce a multilayer ground model for therecently-proposed MoM-SO method, suitable to accurately predict ground returneffects in such scenarios. The proposed technique precisely accounts for skin,proximity, ground and tunnel effects, and is applicable to a variety of cableconfigurations, including underground and submarine cables. Numerical resultsshow that the proposed method is more accurate than analytic formulas typicallyemployed for transient analyses, and delivers an accuracy comparable to thefinite element method (FEM). With respect to FEM, however, MoM-SO is over 1000times faster, and can calculate the impedance of a submarine cable inside athree-layer medium in 0.10~s per frequency point.
Broadband parametric amplification with impedance engineering: Beyond  the gain-bandwidth product	2015	We present an impedance engineered Josephson parametric amplifier capable ofproviding bandwidth beyond the traditional gain-bandwidth product. We achievethis by introducing a positive linear slope in the imaginary component of theinput impedance seen by the Josephson oscillator using a $\lambda/2$transformer. Our theoretical model predicts an extremely flat gain profile witha bandwidth enhancement proportional to the square root of amplitude gain. Weexperimentally demonstrate a nearly flat 20 dB gain over a 640 MHz band, alongwith a mean 1-dB compression point of -110 dBm and near quantum-limited noise.The results are in good agreement with our theoretical model.
Sensitive radio-frequency measurements of a quantum dot by tuning to  perfect impedance matching	2015	Electrical readout of spin qubits requires fast and sensitive measurements,but these are hindered by poor impedance matching to the device. We demonstrateperfect impedance matching in a radio-frequency readout circuit, realized byincorporating voltage-tunable varactors to cancel out parasitic capacitances.In the optimized setup, a capacitance sensitivity of$1.6~\mathrm{aF}/\sqrt{\mathrm{Hz}}$ is achieved at a maximum source-drain biasof $170~\mu$V root-mean-square and with bandwidth above $15~$MHz. Coulombblockade is measured via both conductance and capacitance in a quantum dot, andthe two contributions are found to be proportional, as expected from aquasistatic tunneling model. We benchmark our results against the requirementsfor single-shot qubit readout using quantum capacitance, a goal that has so farbeen elusive.
Closed-form Harmonic Contrast Control with Surface Impedance Coatings  for Conductive Objects	2017	The problem of suppressing the scattering from conductive objects isaddressed in terms of harmonic contrast reduction. A unique compact closed-formsolution for a surface impedance $Z_s(m,kr)$ is found in a straightforwardmanner and without any approximation as a function of the harmonic index $m$(scattering mode to suppress) and of the frequency regime $kr$ (product ofwavenumber $k$ and radius $r$ of the cloaked system) at any frequency regime.In the quasi-static limit, mantle cloaking is obtained as a particular case for$kr \ll 1$ and $m=0$. In addition, beyond quasi-static regime, impedancecoatings for a selected dominant harmonic wave can be designed with properdispersive behaviour, resulting in improved reduction levels and harmonicfiltering capability.
A Projected Inverse Dynamics Approach for Dual-arm Cartesian Impedance  Control	2017	We propose a method for dual-arm manipulation of rigid objects, subject toexternal disturbance. The problem is formulated as a Cartesian impedancecontroller within a projected inverse dynamics framework. We use theconstrained component of the controller to enforce contact and theunconstrained controller to accomplish the task with a desired 6-DOF impedancebehaviour. Furthermore, the proposed method optimises the torque required tomaintain contact, subject to unknown disturbances, and can do so without directmeasurement of external force. The techniques are evaluated on a single-armwiping a table and a dual-arm platform manipulating a rigid object of unknownmass and with human interaction.
Temperature dependent conductivity mechanisms observed in Pr2NiTiO6	2017	The crossover between two different conduction mechanisms (variable range andsmall polaron hoppings) is probed utilizing a conjunction of thermally varyingconductivity and impedance in polycrystalline Pr2NiTiO6 (PNT). A combination ofX-ray diffraction (XRD) and Raman spectroscopic investigations authenticatesthe lower symmetric monoclinic structure for PNT. The conductivity, impedanceand relaxation spectra highlight the combined contributions of the electrodes,grain-boundaries and grain microstructures to the carrier dynamics in PNT. Therelaxation mechanism has a non-ideal nature with distribution of relaxationtimes as observed from the dielectric and impedance spectroscopic data. The dcresistivity investigation points towards a transition in the conductionmechanism showing a gradual crossover at temperature 490 K, from small polaronhopping to Mott s variable range hopping due to reduced activation energy.
Optical emission near a high-impedance mirror	2017	Solid state light emitters rely on metallic contacts with highsheet-conductivity for effective charge injection. Unfortunately, such contactsalso support surface plasmon polariton (SPP) excitations that dissipate opticalenergy into the metal and limit the external quantum efficiency. Here, inspiredby the concept of radio-frequency (RF) high-impedance surfaces and their use inconformal antennas we illustrate how electrodes can be nanopatterned tosimultaneously provide a high DC electrical conductivity and high-impedance atoptical frequencies. Such electrodes do not support SPPs across the visiblespectrum and greatly suppress dissipative losses while facilitating a desirableLambertian emission profile. We verify this concept by studying the emissionenhancement and photoluminescence lifetime for a dye emitter layer deposited onthe electrodes.
Design of an underwater acoustic bend by pentamode metafluid	2017	We design an impedance matching underwater acoustic bend with pentamodemicrostructure. The proposed bend is assembled by pentamode lattice. Theeffective density and compressive mod- ulus of each unit cell can be tunedsimultaneously, which are modulated to guarantee both the bending effect andhigh transmission. The standard deviations of transmitted phase are calculatedto quantitatively evaluate the degree of the distortion of the transmittedwavefront, while the trans- mission is calculated to appraise the degree ofacoustic impedance matching. The low standard deviations and high transmissionindicate that the designed bend has a nice broadband bending effect and isimpedance-matched to water. This design has potential applications inunderwater communication and underwater detection.
Microwave impedance of a dc-biased Josephson Fluxonic Diode in the  presence of magnetic field and rf drive	2017	The dependence of microwave impedance of a dc-biased Josephson Fluxonic Diode(JFD) under application of both dc magnetic field and rf excitation iscalculated with a variety of conditions. For finite length of a JFD excited bya very low microwave excitation below its plasma frequency, applied dc magneticfield increases the rate of Vortex and Anti-Vortex (VAV) pair generation whichfine-tunes the microwave resistance up to several factors more than its zerofield microwave resistance (R0). Under this circumstance, adding a dc bias formoving VAVs causes oscillation-like features in microwave impedance of JFDeither in forward or reverse bias. As a result, the microwave resistanceincreases up to 30R0 in the forward bias despite the fact that dampingparameter (\b{eta}) can limit this increase. On the other hand, sharp phaseslips are seen in reverse bias mode on the reactance of overdamped JFD whileincreasing the frequency or amplitude of microwave excitation leads tounprecedented effects of resistance which is described.
Suppression of residual amplitude modulation effect in the  Pound-Drever-Hall locking	2017	Residual amplitude modulation (RAM) effect in a Pound-Drever-Hall (PDH)technique locked cavity system is analysed in this paper. Frequency shiftcaused by RAM in PDH is found to be both related to the amplitude of the RAMand to the cavity's mode matching and impedance matching. The cavity reflectioncontrast depends on the mode matching of the incident laser light and impedancematching of the cavity. The suppression of the amplitude of the RAM has beeninvestigated by many groups, while the effect of the cavity response has notreceived full attention. According to our analysis, RAM effect can be fullysuppressed by proper impedance matching and magic mode coupling. We havemeasured the RAM to frequency conversion coefficients at different couplingefficiencies. The result agrees well with the calculation, demonstrating thepotential of full suppression of the RAM effect through proper design ofcavities.
Iterative Machine Learning for Precision Trajectory Tracking with Series  Elastic Actuators	2017	When robots operate in unknown environments small errors in postions can leadto large variations in the contact forces, especially with typicalhigh-impedance designs. This can potentially damage the surroundings and/or therobot. Series elastic actuators (SEAs) are a popular way to reduce the outputimpedance of a robotic arm to improve control authority over the force exertedon the environment. However this increased control over forces with lowerimpedance comes at the cost of lower positioning precision and bandwidth. Thisarticle examines the use of an iteratively-learned feedforward command toimprove position tracking when using SEAs. Over each iteration, the outputresponses of the system to the quantized inputs are used to estimate alinearized local system models. These estimated models are obtained using acomplex-valued Gaussian Process Regression (cGPR) technique and then, used togenerate a new feedforward input command based on the previous iteration'serror. This article illustrates this iterative machine learning (IML) techniquefor a two degree of freedom (2-DOF) robotic arm, and demonstrates successfulconvergence of the IML approach to reduce the tracking error.
Cell Line Classification Using Electric Cell-substrate Impedance Sensing  (ECIS)	2017	We consider cell line classification using multivariate time series dataobtained from electric cell-substrate impedance sensing (ECIS) technology. TheECIS device, which monitors the attachment and spreading of mammalian cells inreal time through the collection of electrical impedance data, has historicallybeen used to study one cell line at a time. However, we show that if applied todata from multiple cell lines, ECIS can be used to classify unknown orpotentially mislabeled cells, which may help to mitigate the current crisis ofreproducibility in the biological literature. We assess a range of approachesto this new problem, testing different classification methods and deriving adictionary of 29 features to characterize ECIS data. Our analysis also makesuse of simultaneous multi-frequency ECIS data, where previous studies havefocused on only one frequency. In classification tests on fifteen mammaliancell lines, we obtain very high out-of-sample accuracy. These preliminaryfindings provide a baseline for future large-scale studies in this field.
Exact Topology and Parameter Estimation in Distribution Grids with  Minimal Observability	2017	Limited presence of nodal and line meters in distribution grids hinders theiroptimal operation and participation in real-time markets. In particular lack ofreal-time information on the grid topology and infrequently calibrated lineparameters (impedances) adversely affect the accuracy of any operational powerflow control. This paper suggests a novel algorithm for learning the topologyof distribution grid and estimating impedances of the operational lines withminimal observational requirements - it provably reconstructs topology andimpedances using voltage and injection measured only at the terminal (end-user)nodes of the distribution grid. All other (intermediate) nodes in the networkmay be unobserved/hidden. Furthermore no additional input (e.g., number of gridnodes, historical information on injections at hidden nodes) is needed for thelearning to succeed. Performance of the algorithm is illustrated in numericalexperiments on the IEEE and custom power distribution models.
Kinetic damping in the spectra of the spherical impedance probe	2017	The impedance probe is a measurement device to measure plasma parameter likeelectron density. It consists of one electrode connected to a network analyzervia a coaxial cable and is immersed into a plasma. A bias potential superposedwith an alternating potential is applied to the electrode and the response ofthe plasma is measured. Its dynamical interaction with the plasma inelectrostatic, kinetic description can be modeled in an abstract notation basedon functional analytic methods. These methods provide the opportunity to derivea general solution, which is given as the response function of the probe-plasmasystem. It is defined by the matrix elements of the resolvent of an appropriatedynamical operator. Based on the general solution a residual damping forvanishing pressure can be predicted and can only be explained by kineticeffects. Within this manuscript an explicit response function of the sphericalimpedance probe is derived. Therefore, the resolvent is determined by itsalgebraic representation based on an expansion in orthogonal basis functions.This allows to compute an approximated response function and its correspondingspectra. These spectra show additional damping due to kinetic effects and arein good agreement with former kinetically determined spectra.
Novel circuit design for high-impedance and non-local electrical  measurements of two-dimensional materials	2018	Two-dimensional materials offer a novel platform for the development offuture quantum technologies. However, the electrical characterisation oftopological insulating states, non-local resistance and bandgap tuning inatomically-thin materials, can be strongly affected by spurious signals arisingfrom the measuring electronics. Common-mode voltages, dielectric leakage in thecoaxial cables and the limited input impedance of alternate-current amplifierscan mask the true nature of such high-impedance states. Here, we present anoptical isolator circuit which grants access to such states by electricallydecoupling the current-injection from the voltage-sensing circuitry. Webenchmark our apparatus against two state-of-the-art measurements: thenon-local resistance of a graphene Hall bar and the transfer characteristic ofa WS2 field-effect transistor. Our system allows the quick characterisation ofnovel insulating states in two-dimensional materials with potentialapplications in future quantum technologies.
A new impedance accounting for short and long range effects in mixed  substructured formulations of nonlinear problems	2018	An efficient method for solving large nonlinear problems combines Newtonsolvers and Domain Decomposition Methods (DDM). In the DDM framework, theboundary conditions can be chosen to be primal, dual or mixed. The mixedapproach presents the advantage to be eligible for the research of an optimalinterface parameter (often called impedance) which can increase the convergencerate. The optimal value for this parameter is often too expensive to becomputed exactly in practice: an approximate version has to be sought for,along with a compromise between efficiency and computational cost. In thecontext of parallel algorithms for solving nonlinear structural mechanicalproblems, we propose a new heuristic for the impedance which combines short andlong range effects at a low computational cost.
Reduction of the electrodynamics of superconductors to those for  conductors with the incorporation of spatial dispersion	2018	We derive general frequency dependencies of the surface impedance modulus forconductors without the dc dissipation, i. e. for superconductors or perfectconductors. The frequency-dependent surface impedance was applied for thesolutions corresponding to the spatially dispersive eigenvalues of thepermittivity operator for conductors. We demonstrate that appropriately takeninto account effects of the spatial dispersion can give the general frequencydependence of the surface impedance for the obtained solutions including thatfor superconductor. It is shown that an incorporation of the spatial dispersionleads to an appearance of the Meissner effect in perfect conductors in the samemanner as in superconductors.
Minimal series-parallel network realizations of bicubic impedances	2018	An important open problem in the synthesis of passive controllers is toobtain a passive network that realizes an arbitrary given impedance functionand contains the least possible number of elements. This problem has itsorigins in electric circuit theory, and is directly applicable to thecost-effective design of mechanical systems containing the inerter. Despite arich history, the problem can only be considered solved for networks thatcontain at most two energy storage elements, and in a small number of otherspecial cases. In this paper, we solve the minimal network realization problemfor the class of impedances realized by series-parallel networks containing atmost three energy storage elements. To accomplish this, we develop a novelcontinuity-based approach to eliminate redundant elements from a network.
Beyond the Bode-Fano Bound: Wideband Impedance Matching for Short-Pulses  using Temporal Switching of Transmission-Line Parameters	2018	Impedance matching is one of the most important practice in wave engineeringas it enables to maximize the power transfer from the signal source to the loadin the wave system. Unfortunately, it is bounded by the Bode-Fano criterionthat states, for any passive, linear and time-invariant matching network, astringent tradeoff between the matching-bandwidth and efficiency; implyingsevere constraints on various electromagnetic and acoustic wave systems. Here,we propose a matching paradigm that overcome this issue by using a temporalswitching of the parameters of a metamaterial-based transmission-line, thusrevoking the time-invariance assumption underlying the Bode-Fano criterion.Using this scheme we show theoretically that an efficient wideband matching,beyond Bode-Fano bound, can be achieved for short-time pulses in challengingcases of very high contrast between the load and the generator impedances, andwith significant load dispersion; situations common in e.g., small antennasmatching, cloaking, with applications for ultra-wideband communication, highresolution imaging, and more.
A Local Polynomial Approach to Nonparametric Estimation of the Best  Linear Approximation of Lithium-Ion Battery From Multiple Datasets	2018	Battery short-term electrical impedance behavior varies between linear,linear time-varying, or nonlinear at different operating conditions. Data-basedelectrical impedance modeling techniques often model the battery as a lineartime-invariant system at all operating conditions. In addition, thesetechniques require extensive and time consuming experimentation. Often due tosensor failures during experiments, constraints in data acquisition hardware,varying operating conditions, and the slow dynamics of the battery, it is notalways possible to acquire data in a single experiment. Hence, multipleexperiments must be performed. In this letter, a local polynomial approach isproposed to estimate nonparametrically the best linear approximation of theelectrical impedance affected by varying levels of nonlinear distortion, from aseries of input current and output voltage data subrecords of arbitrary length.
Resonances in small scatterers with impedance boundary	2018	With analytical (generalized Mie scattering) and numerical(integral-equation-based) considerations we show the existence of strongresonances in the scattering response of small spheres with lossless impedanceboundary. With increasing size, these multipolar resonances are damped andshifted with respect to the magnitude of the surface impedance. Theelectric-type resonances are inductive and magnetic ones capacitive.Interestingly, these subwavelength resonances resemble plasmonic resonances insmall negative-permittivity scatterers and dielectric resonances in smallhigh-permittivity scatterers. The fundamental dipolar mode is also analyzedfrom the point of view of surface currents and the effect of the change of theshape into a non-spherical geometry.
Atomic layer deposition of titanium nitride for quantum circuits	2018	Superconducting thin films with high intrinsic kinetic inductance are ofgreat importance for photon detectors, achieving strong coupling in hybridsystems, and protected qubits. We report on the performance of titanium nitrideresonators, patterned on thin films (9-110 nm) grown by atomic layerdeposition, with sheet inductances of up to 234 pH/square. For films thickerthan 14 nm, quality factors measured in the quantum regime range from 0.4 to1.0 million and are likely limited by dielectric two-level systems.Additionally, we show characteristic impedances up to 28 kOhm, with nosignificant degradation of the internal quality factor as the impedanceincreases. These high impedances correspond to an increased single photoncoupling strength of 24 times compared to a 50 Ohm resonator, transformativefor hybrid quantum systems and quantum sensing.
Wideband Antireflection Coating Using Metamaterials	2018	In this paper, we propose a new approach for realizing antireflection coatingusing metamaterials. In this approach, a subwavelength array of metallicpillars (with square cross-section) is used for implementing antireflectioncoating. The effective impedance of the array can be duly adjusted by the sizeand distance of pillars. Therefore, we design the effective impedance of theantireflection coating to be the geometrical mean of the upper and lowermediums impedance and we choose its height to be a quarter of operatingwavelength. Consequently, the reflection vanishes at the desired frequency andfractional bandwidth of 56% is achieved with a criterion of 10% reflectance(the refractive index of the substrate is assumed to be 4). The proposedstructure is symmetric in both directions. So, it is not sensitive to thepolarization of the incident wave at normal incidence. Furthermore, we showthat using the multilayer Chebyshev matching transformer of transmission linetheory increases the bandwidth of the antireflection up to 107% at the expenseof pass-band ripples. This structure can be used from very low frequencies upto infrared regime by appropriate scaling.
Impedance resonance in narrow confinement	2018	The article explores the ion flux response of a capacitor configuration to analternating voltage. The model system comprises a symmetric binary electrolyteconfined between plan-parallel capacitor plates. The AC response isinvestigated for the sparsely studied albeit practically important case of alarge amplitude voltage applied across a narrow device, with the distancebetween the two plates amounting to a few ion diameters. Dynamic densityfunctional theory is employed to solve for the spatiotemporal ion densitydistribution as well as the transient ion flux and complex impedance of thesystem. The analysis of these properties reveals a hitherto hidden impedanceresonance. A single ion analogue of the capacitor, which is equivalent toneglecting all interactions between the ions, is employed for a physicalinterpretation of this phenomenon. It explains the resonance as a consequenceof field-induced ion condensation at the capacitor plates and coherent motionof condensed ions in response to the field variation.
Interpolation of missing electrode data in electrical impedance  tomography	2018	Novel reconstruction methods for electrical impedance tomography (EIT) oftenrequire voltage measurements on current-driven electrodes. Such measurementsare notoriously difficult to obtain in practice as they tend to be affected byunknown contact impedances and require problematic simultaneous measurements ofvoltage and current. In this work, we develop an interpolation method thatpredicts the voltages on current-driven electrodes from the more reliablemeasurements on current-free electrodes for difference EIT settings, where aconductivity change is to be recovered from difference measurements. Our newmethod requires the a-priori knowledge of an upper bound of the conductivitychange, and utilizes this bound to interpolate in a way that is consistent withthe special geometry-specific smoothness of difference EIT data. Our newinterpolation method is computationally cheap enough to allow for real-timeapplications, and simple to implement as it can be formulated with the standardsensitivity matrix. We numerically evaluate the accuracy of the interpolateddata and demonstrate the feasibility of using interpolated measurements for amonotonicity-based reconstruction method.
Determination of bimolecular recombination constants in organic  double-injection devices using impedance spectroscopy	2018	A method for determination of the bimolecular recombination constant inworking double-injection diodes such as organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs)and organic photovoltaics (OPVs) using impedance spectroscopy is proposed. Theproposed method is based on the theory that was developed to interpret thenegative capacitance that has previously been observed in both OLEDs and OPVs.The determination of the bimolecular recombination constants is demonstratedusing working polymer light-emitting diodes based onpoly(9,9-dioctylfluorene-alt-benzothiadiazole). These impedance spectroscopymeasurements thus allow us to determine the required bimolecular recombinationcoefficients along with the electron and hole drift mobilities in workingorganic double-injection diodes.
Transmission Lines and Meta-Materials based on Quantum Hall Plasmonics	2018	The characteristic impedance of a microwave transmission line is typicallyconstrained to a value $Z_0$ = 50 $ \Omega$, in-part because of the lowimpedance of free space and the limited range of permittivity and permeabilityrealizable with conventional materials. Here we suggest the possibility ofconstructing high-impedance transmission lines by exploiting the plasmonicresponse of edge states associated with the quantum Hall effect in gateddevices. We analyze various implementations of quantum Hall transmission linesbased on distributed networks and lumped-element circuits, including a detailedaccount of parasitic capacitance and Coulomb drag effects, which can modifydevice performance. We additionally conceive of a meta-material structurecomprising arrays of quantum Hall droplets and analyze its unusual properties.The realization of such structures holds promise for efficiently wiring-upquantum circuits on chip, as well as engineering strong coupling betweensemiconductor qubits and microwave photons.
Asymptotic stability of the multidimensional wave equation coupled with  classes of positive-real impedance boundary conditions	2018	This paper proves the asymptotic stability of the multidimensional waveequation posed on a bounded open Lipschitz set, coupled with various classes ofpositive-real impedance boundary conditions, chosen for their physicalrelevance: time-delayed, standard diffusive (which includes theRiemann-Liouville fractional integral) and extended diffusive (which includesthe Caputo fractional derivative). The method of proof consists in formulatingan abstract Cauchy problem on an extended state space using a dissipativerealization of the impedance operator, be it finite or infinite-dimensional.The asymptotic stability of the corresponding strongly continuous semigroup isthen obtained by verifying the sufficient spectral conditions derived by Arendtand Batty (Trans. Amer. Math. Soc., 306 (1988)) as well as Lyubich and V\~u(Studia Math., 88 (1988)).
Full characterization of electronic transport properties in working  polymer light-emitting diodes via impedance spectroscopy	2018	The electron and hole drift mobilities of organic semiconductor layers,localized tail state distributions, and bimolecular recombination constants inworking polymer light-emitting diodes (PLEDs) are determined simultaneouslyusing impedance spectroscopy (IS). The organic light-emitting layers of thesePLEDs are composed of poly(9,9-dioctylfluorene-alt-benzothiadiazole) (F8BT).Electron and hole transit time effects are observed in thecapacitance-frequency characteristics of the PLEDs and their drift mobilitiesare determined over wide temperature and electric field ranges. The driftmobilities exhibit thermally activated behavior and the localized tail statedistributions from the conduction band and valence band mobility edges are thendetermined from analysis of the electric field dependences of the activationenergies. The bimolecular recombination constants are determined from theinductive response of the impedance-frequency characteristics. The IS techniqueis also applicable to degradation analysis of the PLEDs; changes in themobility balance, the localized tail state distributions, and the bimolecularrecombination constant caused by aging are all shown.
Non-symmetric flexural wave scattering and one-way extreme absorption	2019	The possibility of asymmetric absorption and reflection for flexural waves isdemonstrated though analytical and numerical examples. We focus on the 1D caseof flexural motion of a beam and consider combinations of point scattererswhich together provide asymmetric scattering. The scatterers are attacheddamped oscillators characterized by effective impedances, analogous toeffective configurations in 1D acoustic waveguides. By selecting the impedancesof a pair of closely spaced scatterers we show that it is possible to obtainalmost total absorption for incidence on one side, with almost total reflectionif incident from the other side. The one-way absorption is illustrated throughnumerous examples of impedance pairs that satisfy the necessary conditions forzero reflectivity for incidence from one direction. Examples of almost totaland zero reflection for different incidences are examined in detail, showingthe distinct wave dynamics of flexural waves as compared with acoustics.
Low-impedance superconducting microwave resonators for strong coupling  to small magnetic mode volumes	2019	Recent experiments on strongly coupled microwave and ferromagnetic resonancemodes have focused on large volume bulk crystals such as yttrium iron garnet,typically of millimeter-scale dimensions. We extend these experiments to lowervolumes of magnetic material by exploiting low-impedance lumped-elementmicrowave resonators. The low impedance equates to a smaller magnetic modevolume, which allows us to couple to a smaller number of spins in theferromagnet. Compared to previous experiments, we reduce the number ofparticipating spins by two orders of magnitude, while maintaining the strengthof the coupling rate. Strongly coupled devices with small volumes of magneticmaterial may allow the use of spin orbit torques, which require high currentdensities incompatible with existing structures.
Computational framework for applying electrical impedance tomography to  head imaging	2019	This work introduces a computational framework for applying absoluteelectrical impedance tomography to head imaging without accurate information onthe head shape or the electrode positions. A library of fifty heads is employedto build a principal component model for the typical variations in the shape ofthe human head, which leads to a relatively accurate parametrization for headshapes with only a few free parameters. The estimation of these shapeparameters and the electrode positions is incorporated in a regularizedNewton-type output least squares reconstruction algorithm. The presentednumerical experiments demonstrate that strong enough variations in the internalconductivity of a human head can be detected by absolute electrical impedancetomography even if the geometric information on the measurement configurationis incomplete to an extent that is to be expected in practice.
Sparse reconstruction of log-conductivity in current density impedance  tomography	2019	A new non-linear optimization approach is proposed for the sparsereconstruction of log-conductivities in current density impedance imaging. Thisframework comprises of minimizing an objective functional involving a leastsquares fit of the interior electric field data corresponding to two boundaryvoltage measurements, where the conductivity and the electric potential arerelated through an elliptic PDE arising in electrical impedance tomography.Further, the objective functional consists of a $L^1$ regularization term thatpromotes sparsity patterns in the conductivity and a Perona-Malik anisotropicdiffusion term that enhances the edges to facilitate high contrast andresolution. This framework is motivated by a similar recent approach to solvean inverse problem in acousto-electric tomography. Several numericalexperiments and comparison with an existing method demonstrate theeffectiveness of the proposed method for superior image reconstructions of awide-variety of log-conductivity patterns.
Decentralized Impedance Control for Cooperative Manipulation of Multiple  Underwater Vehicle Manipulator Systems under Lean Communication	2019	This paper addresses the problem of cooperative object transportation formultiple Underwater Vehicle Manipulator Systems (UVMSs) in a constrainedworkspace with static obstacles, where the coordination relies solely onimplicit communication arising from the physical interaction of the robots withthe commonly grasped object. We propose a novel distributed leader-followerarchitecture, where the leading UVMS, which has knowledge of the object'sdesired trajectory, tries to achieve the desired tracking behavior via animpedance control law, navigating in this way, the overall formation towardsthe goal configuration while avoiding collisions with the obstacles. On theother hand, the following UVMSs estimate the object's desired trajectory via anovel prescribed performance estimation law and implement a similar impedancecontrol law. The feedback relies on each UVMS's force/torque measurements andno explicit data is exchanged online among the robots. Moreover, the controlscheme adopts load sharing among the UVMSs according to their specific payloadcapabilities. Finally, various simulation studies clarify the proposed methodand verify its efficiency.
Measurement of permeability for ferrous metallic plates using a novel  lift-off compensation technique on phase signature	2019	Lift-off of sensor affects the prediction of electromagnetic properties forboth ferrous and non-ferrous steel plates. In this paper, we developed astrategy to address this issue for ferrous plates. With increased lift-off, thephase of the measured impedance for steel plates reduces. Meanwhile, themagnitude of the impedance signal decreases. Based on these facts, a phasecompensation algorithm is developed which corrects the phase change due tolift-off considering the magnitude of the impedance signal. Further, a newmagnetic permeability prediction technique is presented, which has beenvalidated by analytical and measured results. With this new technique, theerror in permeability prediction is less than 2% within the range of lift-offstested.
U-Slot Patch Principle and Design Methodology Using Characteristic Mode  Analysis and Coupled Mode Theory	2019	Patch antennas incorporating a U-shaped slot are well-known to haverelatively large (about 30%) impedance bandwidths. This work usesCharacteristic Mode Analysis to explain the impedance behavior of a classicU-slot patch geometry in terms of Coupled Mode Theory and shows the relevantmodes are in-phase and anti-phase coupled modes whose resonant frequencies aregoverned by Coupled Mode Theory. Additional analysis shows that one uncoupledresonator is the conventional TM01 patch mode and the other is a lumped LCresonator involving the slot and the probe. An equivalent circuit model for theantenna is given wherein element values are extracted from Characteristic ModeAnalysis data and which explicitly demonstrates coupling between these tworesonators. The circuit model approximately reproduces the impedance locus ofthe driven simulation. A design methodology based on Coupled Mode Theory andguided by Characteristic Mode Analysis is presented that allows wideband U-slotpatch geometries to be designed quickly and efficiently. The methodology isillustrated through example.
Vegetation High-Impedance Faults' High-Frequency Signatures via Sparse  Coding	2019	The behavior of High-Impedance Faults (HIFs) in power distribution systemsdepends on multiple factors, making it a challenging disturbance to model. Ifenough data from real staged faults is provided, signal processing techniquescan help reveal patterns from a specific type of fault. Such a task isimplemented herein by employing the Shift-Invariant Sparse Coding (SISC)technique on a data set of staged vegetation high-impedance faults. Thetechnique facilitates the uncoupling of shifted and convoluted patterns presentin the recorded signals from fault tests. The deconvolution of these patternswas then individually studied to identify the possible repeating faultsignatures. The work is primarily focused on the investigation of theunder-discussed high-frequency faults signals, especially regarding voltagedisturbances created by the fault currents. Therefore, the main contributionfrom this paper is the resulted evidence of consistent behavior from realvegetation HIFs at higher frequencies. These results can enhance phenomenaawareness and support future methodologies dealing with these disturbances.
Shielded cantilever with on-chip interferometer circuit for THz scanning  probe impedance microscopy	2019	We have realized a microstrip based THz near field cantilever which enablesquantitative measurements of the impedance of the probe tip at THz frequencies(0.3 THz). A key feature is the on-chip balanced hybrid coupler which serves asan interferometer for passive signal cancellation to increase the readoutcircuit sensitivity despite extreme impedance mismatch at the tip. We observedistinct changes in the reflection coefficient of the tip when brought intocontact with different dielectric (Si, SrTiO3) and metallic samples (Au). Bycomparing to finite element simulations we determine the sensitivity of our THzprobe to be well below 0.25 fF. The cantilever further allows for topographyimaging in a conventional atomic force microscope mode. Our THz cantileverremoves several critical technology challenges and thus enables a shieldedcantilever based THz near field microscope.
Quantum dynamics of quasicharge in an ultrahigh-impedance  superconducting circuit	2019	Josephson effect is usually taken for granted because quantum fluctuations ofthe superconducting phase-difference are stabilized by the low-impedanceembedding circuit. To realize the opposite regime, we shunt a weak Josephsonjunction with a nearly ideal kinetic inductance, whose microwave impedancelargely exceeds the resistance quantum, reaching above 160 kOhm. Such anextraordinary value is achieved with an optimally designed Josephson junctionchain released off the substrate to minimize the stray capacitance. Thelow-energy spectrum of the resulting free-standing superconducting loopspectacularly loses magnetic flux sensitivity, explained by replacing thejunction with a 2e-periodic in charge capacitance. This long-predicted quantumnon-linearity dramatically expands the superconducting electronics toolbox withapplications to metrology and quantum information
Near-Field Radiation Exposure Control in Slot-Loaded Microstrip Antenna:  A Characteristic Mode Approach	2019	Microstip antenna topology is commonly loaded with a narrow slot tomanipulate the resonance frequency or impedance bandwidth. However, the tuningof the resonance frequency or impedance bandwidth results in the variation ofthe current and field distributions. In this regard, this work adopts theconcept of characteristic modes to gain an initial understanding of theperturbation mechanism of the rectangular patch when loaded with a slot. Theperformance of microstrip antennas with finite ground plane is then studiedusing full-wave simulation. It has been found that the distribution of theinduced current density is highly dependent on the orientation of the slot Theincorporation of a narrow slot suppresses the nearby orthogonal eigen mode and,as a consequence, the radiation behavior is affected. Specifically, in thepresence of biological tissues in the near-field region, both antenna inputimpedance properties and the realized gain are dependent on the slotorientation. Different examples are included for understanding the impact ofslot loading on the energy absorption by biological tissues, by calculating thethe specific absorption rate (SAR). The proposed analysis facilitates thedesign of miniaturized antenna geometries for biomedical applications viasystematic loading of narrow slots.
Semi-supervised Sequence Modeling for Elastic Impedance Inversion	2019	Recent applications of machine learning algorithms in the seismic domain haveshown great potential in different areas such as seismic inversion andinterpretation. However, such algorithms rarely enforce geophysical constraints- the lack of which might lead to undesirable results. To overcome this issue,we have developed a semi-supervised sequence modeling framework based onrecurrent neural networks for elastic impedance inversion from multi-angleseismic data. Specifically, seismic traces and elastic impedance (EI) tracesare modeled as a time series. Then, a neural-network-based inversion modelcomprising convolutional and recurrent neural layers is used to invert seismicdata for EI. The proposed workflow uses well-log data to guide the inversion.In addition, it uses seismic forward modeling to regularize the training and toserve as a geophysical constraint for the inversion. The proposed workflowachieves an average correlation of 98% between the estimated and target EIusing 10 well logs for training on a synthetic data set.
Accessible phases via wave impedance engineering with PT-symmetric  metamaterials	2019	Optical systems that respect Parity-Time (PT) symmetry can be realized withproper incorporation of gain/loss materials. However, due to the absence ofmagnetic response at optical frequencies, the wave impedance is definedentirely by their permittivity and, hence, the PT-symmetric character iscontrolled solely via their refractive index. Here, we show that the separatecontrol of the wave impedance enabled by metamaterials can grant access tofurther tuning of the Exceptional Points, appearance of mixed phases(coexistence of PT-symmetric and PT-broken phases) and occurrence of phasere-entries, not easily realizable with natural materials.
The Soft Landing Problem: Minimizing Energy Loss by a Legged Robot  Impacting Yielding Terrain	2019	Enabling robots to walk and run on yielding terrain is increasingly vital toendeavors ranging from disaster response to extraterrestrial exploration. Whiledynamic legged locomotion on rigid ground is challenging enough, yieldingterrain presents additional challenges such as permanent ground deformationwhich dissipates energy. In this paper, we examine the soft landing problem:given some impact momentum, bring the robot to rest while minimizing footpenetration depth. To gain insight into properties of penetrationdepth-minimizing control policies, we formulate a constrained optimal controlproblem and obtain a bang-bang open-loop force profile. Motivated by examplesfrom biology and recent advances in legged robotics, we also examineimpedance-control solutions to the dimensionless soft landing problem. Throughsimulations, we find that optimal impedance reduces penetration depth nearly asmuch as the open-loop force profile, while remaining robust to modeluncertainty. Through simulations and experiments, we find that the solutionspace is rich, exhibiting qualitatively different relationships between impactvelocity and the optimal impedance for small and large dimensionless impactvelocities. Lastly, we discuss the relevance of this work tominimum-cost-of-transport locomotion for several actuator design choices.
Low frequency imaginary impedance at the superconducting transition of  2H-NbSe$_2$	2019	The superconducting transition leads to a sharp resistance drop in atemperature interval that can be a small fraction of the critical temperatureT$_c$. A superconductor exactly at T$_c$ is thus very sensitive to all kinds ofthermal perturbations, including the heat dissipated by the measurementcurrent. We show that the interaction between electrical and thermal currentsleads to a sizeable imaginary impedance at frequencies of order of tens of Hzat the resistive transition of single crystals of the layered material2H-NbSe$_2$. We explain the result using models developed for transition edgesensors. By measuring under magnetic fields and at high currents, we find thatthe imaginary impedance is strongly influenced by the heat associated withvortex motion and out-of-equilibrium quasiparticles.
Viscous effects on the acoustics and stability of a shear layer over an  impedance wall	2016	The effect of viscosity and thermal conduction on the acoustics in a shearlayer above an impedance wall is investigated numerically and asymptotically bysolving the compressible linearised Navier-Stokes equations. It is found thatviscothermal effects can be as important as shear, and therefore includingshear while neglecting viscothermal effects by solving the linearised Eulerequations is questionable. In particular, the damping rate of upstreampropagating waves is found to be dramatically under-predicted by the LEE incertain instances. The effects of viscosity on stability are also found to beimportant. Short wavelength disturbances are stabilised by viscosity, greatlyaltering the characteristic wavelength and maximum growth rate of instability.For the parameters typical of aeroacoustic simulations considered here, theReynolds number below which the flow stabilizes ranges from $10^5$ to $10^7$.By assuming a thin but nonzero-thickness boundary layer, asymptotic analysisleads to a system of boundary layer governing equations for the acoustics. Thissystem may be solved numerically to produce an effective impedance boundarycondition, applicable at the wall of a uniform inviscid flow, that accounts forboth the shear and viscosity within the boundary layer. An alternativeasymptotic analysis in the high frequency limit yields a different set ofequations with analytic solutions. The acoustic mode shapes and axialwavenumbers from both asymptotic analyses compare well with numerical solutionsof the full LNSE. A closed-form effective impedance boundary condition isderived from the high-frequency asymptotics, suitable for application infrequency-domain numerical simulations. Finally, surface waves are considered,and it is shown that a viscous flow over an impedance lining supports a greaternumber of surface wave modes than an inviscid flow.
A cluster of many small holes with negative imaginary surface impedances  may generate a negative refraction index	2015	We deal with the scattering of an acoustic medium modeled by an index ofrefraction $n$ varying in a bounded region $\Omega$ of $\mathbb{R}^3$ and equalto unity outside $\Omega$. This region is perforated with an extremely largenumber of small holes $D_m$'s of maximum radius $a$, $a<<1$, modeled by surfaceimpedance functions. Precisely, we are in the regime described by the number ofholes of the order $M:=O(a^{\beta-2})$, the minimum distance between the holesis $d\sim a^t$ and the surface impedance functions of the form $\lambda_m \sim\lambda_{m,0} a^{-\beta}$ with $\beta >0$ and $\lambda_{m,0}$ being constantsand eventually complex numbers. Under some natural conditions on the parameters$\beta, t$ and $\lambda_{m,0}$, we characterize the equivalent mediumgenerating, approximately, the same scattered waves as the original perforatedacoustic medium. We give an explicit error estimate between the scattered wavesgenerated by the perforated medium and the equivalent one respectively, as $a\rightarrow 0$. As applications of these results, we discuss the followingfindings:  1. If we choose negative valued imaginary surface impedance functions,attached to each surface of the holes, then the equivalent medium behaves as apassive acoustic medium only if it is an acoustic metamaterial with index ofrefraction $\tilde{n}(x)=-n(x),\; x \in \Omega$ and $\tilde{n}(x)=1,\; x \in\mathbb{R}^3\setminus{\overline{\Omega}}$. This means that, with this process,we can switch the sign of the index of the refraction from positive to negativevalues.  2. We can choose the surface impedance functions attached to each surface ofthe holes so that the equivalent index of refraction $\tilde{n}$ is$\tilde{n}(x)=1,\; x \in \mathbb{R}^3$. This means that the region $\Omega$modeled by the original index of refraction $n$ is approximately cloaked.
The Amplitude-Phase Decomposition for the Magnetotelluric Impedance  Tensor	2017	The Phase Tensor (PT) marked a breakthrough in understanding and analysis ofelectric galvanic distortion but does not contain any impedance amplitudeinformation and therefore cannot quantify resistivity without complementarydata. We formulate a complete impedance tensor decomposition into the PT and anew Amplitude Tensor (AT) that is shown to be complementary and mathematicallyindependent to the PT. We show that for the special cases of 1D and 2D models,the geometric AT parameters (strike and skew angles) converge to PT parametersand the singular values of the AT correspond to the impedance amplitudes of thetransverse electric and transverse magnetic modes. In all cases, we show thatthe AT contains both galvanic and inductive amplitudes, the latter of which isargued to be physically related to the inductive information of the PT. Thegeometric parameters of the inductive AT and the PT represent the same geometryof the subsurface conductivity distribution that is affected by inductionprocesses, and therefore we hypothesise that geometric PT parameters can beused to approximate the inductive AT. Then, this hypothesis leads to theestimation of the galvanic AT which is equal to the galvanic electricdistortion tensor at the lowest measured period. This estimation of thegalvanic distortion departs from the common assumption to consider 1D or 2Dregional structures and can be applied for general 3D subsurfaces. Wedemonstrate exemplarily with an explicit formulation how our hypothesis can beused to recover the galvanic electric anisotropic distortion for 2Dsubsurfaces, which was, until now, believed to be indeterminable for 2D data.Moreover, we illustrate the AT as a mapping tool and we compare it to the PTwith both synthetic and real data examples. Lastly, we argue that the AT canprovide important non-redundant amplitude information to PT inversions.
On the calculation of ohmic losses at the metallic surface with sharp  edges	2002	We discuss the applicability of the perturbation theory in electrodynamicproblems where the local Leontovich (the impedance) boundary conditions areused to calculate the ohmic losses at the metallic surface. As an example, weexamine a periodic grating formed from semi- infinite rectangular platesexposed to the s-polarized electromagnetic wave. Two different ways forcalculation of the ohmic losses are presented: (i) the calculation of thereflection coefficient obtained with the aid of the perturbation theory (theimpedance is the small parameter) and (ii) the direct calculation of the energyflux through the metallic surface, when to get the answer only the tangentialmagnetic field at the surface of a perfect conductor of the same geometry hasto be known. The results (i) and (ii) differ noticeably. The same difficulty isinherent in all the problems where the metallic surface has rectangulargrooves. We show that the standard first order perturbation theory is notapplicable since beginning from a number n even the first corrections to themodal functions ${\phi}_{n}$ used to calculate the fields, are of the sameorder as the zero order modal functions (the impedance is equal to zero).Basing on the energy conservation law we show that the accurate value for theohmic losses is obtained with the aid of the approach (ii).
Surface impedance anisotropy of YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{6.95}$ single crystals:  electrodynamic basis of the measurements	2003	An electrodynamic technique is developed for determining the components ofsurface impedance and complex conductivity tensors of HTSC single crystals onthe basis of measured quantities of a quality factor and a resonator frequencyshift. A simple formula is obtained for a geometrical factor of a crystal inthe form of a plate with dimensions $b\gg a>c$ in a microwave magnetic field${\bf H_{\omega}}\perp ab$. To obtain the c-axis complex conductivity frommeasurements at ${\bf H_{\omega}}\parallel ab$ we propose a procedure whichtakes account of sample size effects. With the aid of the technique involvedtemperature dependences of all impedance and conductivity tensors components ofYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{6.95}$ single crystal, grown in BaZrO$_3$ crucible, aredetermined at a frequency of $f=9.4$ GHz in its normal and superconductingstates. All of them proved to be linear at $T<T_c/2$, and their extrapolationto zero temperature gives the values of residual surface resistance$R_{ab}(0)\approx 40$ $\mu\Omega$ and $R_c(0)\approx 0.8$ m$\Omega$ andmagnetic field penetration depth $\lambda_{ab}(0)\approx 150$ nm and$\lambda_c(0)\approx 1.55$ $\mu$m.
Characterization of Fluctuations of Impedance and Scattering Matrices in  Wave Chaotic Scattering	2005	In wave chaotic scattering, statistical fluctuations of the scattering matrix$S$ and the impedance matrix $Z$ depend both on universal properties and onnonuniversal details of how the scatterer is coupled to external channels. Thispaper considers the impedance and scattering variance ratios, $VR_z$ and$VR_s$, where $VR_z=Var[Z_{ij}]/\{Var[Z_{ii}]Var[Z_{jj}] \}^{1/2}$,$VR_s=Var[S_{ij}]/\{Var[S_{ii}]Var[S_{jj}] \}^{1/2}$, and $Var[.]$ denotesvariance. $VR_z$ is shown to be a universal function of distributed losseswithin the scatterer. That is, $VR_z$ is independent of nonuniversal couplingdetails. This contrasts with $VR_s$ for which universality applies only in thelarge loss limit. Explicit results are given for $VR_z$ for time reversalsymmetric and broken time reversal symmetric systems. Experimental tests of thetheory are presented using data taken from scattering measurements on a chaoticmicrowave cavity.
Scattering, reflection and impedance of waves in chaotic and disordered  systems with absorption	2005	We review recent progress in analysing wave scattering in systems with bothintrinsic chaos and/or disorder and internal losses, when the scattering matrixis no longer unitary. By mapping the problem onto a nonlinear supersymmetricsigma-model, we are able to derive closed form analytic expressions for thedistribution of reflection probability in a generic disordered system. One ofthe most important properties resulting from such an analysis is statisticalindependence between the phase and the modulus of the reflection amplitude inevery perfectly open channel. The developed theory has far-reachingconsequences for many quantities of interest, including local Green functionsand time delays. In particular, we point out the role played by absorption as asensitive indicator of mechanisms behind the Anderson localisation transition.We also provide a random-matrix-based analysis of S-matrix and impedancecorrelations for various symmetry classes as well as the distribution oftransmitted power for systems with broken time-reversal invariance, completingprevious works on the subject. The results can be applied, in particular, tothe experimentally accessible impedance and reflection in a microwave orultrasonic cavity attached to a system of antennas.
Maxwell's Equations with Scalar Impedance: Inverse Problems with data  given on a part of the boundary	2005	We study Maxwell's equations in time domain in an anisotropic medium. Thegoal of the paper is to solve an inverse boundary value problem foranisotropies characterized by scalar impedance $\alpha$. This means that thematerial is conformal, i.e., the electric permittivity $\epsilon$ and magneticpermeability $\mu$ are tensors satisfying $\mu =\alpha^2\epsilon$. Thiscondition is equivalent to a single propagation speed of waves with differentpolarizations which uniquely defines an underlying Riemannian structure. Theanalysis is based on an invariant formulation of the system of electrodynamicsas a Dirac type first order system on a Riemannian $3-$manifold with anadditional structure of the wave impedance, $(M,g,\alpha)$, where $g$ is thetravel-time metric. We study the properties of this system in the first part ofthe paper. In the second part we consider the inverse problem, that is, thedetermination of $(M,g,\alpha)$ from measurements done only on an open part ofthe boundary and on a finite time interval. As an application, in the isotropiccase with $M\subset \R^3$, we prove that the boundary data given only on anopen part of the boundary determine uniquely the domain $M$ and thecoefficients $\epsilon$ and $\mu$.
Total Differential Errors in One-Port Network Analyzer Measurements with  Application to Antenna Impedance	2007	The objective was to study uncertainty in antenna input impedance resultingfrom full one-port Vector Network Analyzer (VNA) measurements. The VNA processequation in the reflection coefficient p of a load, its measurement m and threeerrors Es -determinable from three standard loads and their measurements- wasconsidered. Differentials were selected to represent measurement inaccuraciesand load uncertainties (Differential Errors). The differential operator wasapplied on the process equation and the total differential error dp for anyunknown load (Device Under Test DUT) was expressed in terms of dEs and dm,without any simplification. Consequently, the differential error of inputimpedance Z -or any other physical quantity differentiably dependent on p- isexpressible. Furthermore, to express precisely a comparison relation betweencomplex differential errors, the geometric Differential Error Region and itsDifferential Error Intervals were defined. Practical results are presented foran indoor UHF ground-plane antenna in contrast with a common 50 Ohm DC resistorinside an aluminum box. These two built, unshielded and shielded, DUTs weretested against frequency under different system configurations and measurementconsiderations. Intermediate results for Es and dEs characterize themeasurement system itself. A number of calculations and illustrationsdemonstrate the application of the method.
A planar lipid bilayer in an electric field: membrane instability, flow  field and electrical impedance	2011	For many biotechnological applications it would be useful to betterunderstand the effects produced by electric fields on lipid membranes. Thisreview discusses several aspects of the electrostatic properties of a planarlipid membrane with its surrounding electrolyte in a normal DC or AC electricfield. In the planar geometry, the analysis of electrokinetic equations can becarried out quite far, allowing to characterize analytically the steady stateand the dynamics of the charge accumulation in the Debye layers, which resultsfrom the application of the electric field. For a conductive membrane in anapplied DC electric field, we characterize the corrections to the elasticmoduli, the appearance of a membrane undulation instability and the associatedflows which are built up near the membrane. For a membrane in an applied ACelectric field, we analytically derive the impedance from the underlyingelectrokinetic equations. We discuss different relevant effects due to themembrane conductivity or due to the bulk diffusion coefficients of the ions. Ofparticular interest is the case where the membrane has selective conductivityfor only one type of ion. These results, and future extensions thereof, shouldbe useful for the interpretation of impedance spectroscopy data used tocharacterize e.g. ion channels embedded in planar bilayers.
Surface impedance of superconductors with magnetic impurities	2011	"Motivated by the problem of the residual surface resistance of thesuperconducting radio-frequency (SRF) cavities, we develop a microscopic theoryof the surface impedance of s-wave superconductors with magnetic impurities. Weanalytically calculate the current response function and surface impedance fora sample with spatially uniform distribution of impurities, treating magneticimpurities in the framework of the Shiba theory. The obtained generalexpressions hold in a wide range of parameter values, such as temperature,frequency, mean free path, and exchange coupling strength. This generality, onthe one hand, allows for direct numerical implementation of our results todescribe experimental systems (SRF cavities, superconducting qubits) undervarious practically relevant conditions. On the other hand, explicit analyticalexpressions can be obtained in a number of limiting cases, which makes possiblefurther theoretical investigation of certain regimes. As a feature of keyrelevance to SRF cavities, we show that in the regime of ""gaplesssuperconductivity"" the surface resistance exhibits saturation at zerotemperature. Our theory thus explicitly demonstrates that magnetic impurities,presumably contained in the oxide surface layer of the SRF cavities, provide amicroscopic mechanism for the residual resistance."
A Novel Low Power UWB Cascode SiGe BiCMOS LNA with Current Reuse and  Zero-Pole Cancellation	2012	A low power cascode SiGe BiCMOS low noise amplifier (LNA) with current reuseand zero-pole cancellation is presented for ultra-wideband (UWB) application.The LNA is composed of cascode input stage and common emitter (CE) output stagewith dual loop feedbacks. The novel cascode-CE current reuse topology replacesthe traditional two stages topology so as to obtain low power consumption. Theemitter degenerative inductor in input stage is adopted to achieve good inputimpedance matching and noise performance. The two poles are introduced by theemitter inductor, which will degrade the gain performance, are cancelled by thedual loop feedbacks of the resistance-inductor (RL) shunt-shunt feedback andresistance-capacitor (RC) series-series feedback in the output stage.Meanwhile, output impedance matching is also achieved. Based on TSMC 0.35{\mu}mSiGe BiCMOS process, the topology and chip layout of the proposed LNA aredesigned and post-simulated. The LNA achieves the noise figure of 2.3~4.1dB,gain of 18.9~20.2dB, gain flatness of \pm0.65dB, input third order interceptpoint (IIP3) of -7dBm at 6GHz, exhibits less than 16ps of group delayvariation, good input and output impedances matching, and unconditionallystable over the whole band. The power consuming is only 18mW.
A review of the scattering parameter extraction method with  clarification of ambiguity issues in relation to metamaterial homogenization	2012	The scattering parameter extraction method of metamaterial homogenization isreviewed to show that the only ambiguity is the one related to the choice ofthe branch of the complex logarithmic function (or the complex inverse cosinefunction), whereas it has no ambiguity for the sign of the wave number andintrinsic impedance. While the method indeed yields two signs of the intrinsicimpedance, and thus the wave number, the signs are dependent, and moreover,both sign combinations lead to the same permittivity and permeability, and arethus permissible. This observation is in distinct contrast to a number ofstatements in the literature where the correct sign of the intrinsic impedanceand wave number, resulting from the scattering parameter method, is chosen byimposing additional physical requirements such as passivity. The scatteringparameter method is reviewed through an investigation of a uniform plane wavenormally incident on a planar slab in free-space, and the severity of thebranch ambiguity is illustrated through simulations of a known metamaterialrealization. Several approaches for proper branch selection are reviewed andtheir suitability to metamaterial samples is discussed.
Kinetic impedance and depairing in thin and narrow superconducting films	2012	We use both Eilenberger-Usadel and Ginzburg-Landau (GL) theory to calculatethe superfluid's temperature-dependent kinetic inductance for all currents upto the depairing current in thin and narrow superconducting films. Thecalculations apply to BCS weak-coupling superconductors with isotropic gaps andtransport mean-free paths much less than the BCS coherence length. The kineticinductance is calculated for the response to a small alternating current whenthe film is carrying a dc bias current. In the slow-experiment/fast-relaxationlimit, in which the superconducting order parameter quasistatically follows thetime-dependent current, the kinetic inductance diverges as the bias currentapproaches the depairing value. However, in thefast-experiment/slow-relaxiation limit, in which the the superconducting orderparameter remains fixed at a value corresponding to the dc bias current, thekinetic inductance rises to a finite value at the depairing current. We thenuse time-dependent GL theory to calculate the kinetic impedance of thesuperfluid, which includes not only the kinetic reactance but also the kineticresistance of the superfluid arising from dissipation due to order-parameterrelaxation. The kinetic resistance is largest for angular frequencies $\omega$obeying $\omega \tau_s > 1$, where $\tau_s$ is the order-parameter relaxationtime, and for bias currents close to the depairing current. We also include thenormal fluid's contribution to dissipation in deriving an expression for thetotal kinetic impedance. The Appendices contain many details about thetemperature-dependent behavior of superconductors carrying current up to thedepairing value.
Non-negatively constrained least squares and parameter choice by the  residual periodogram for the inversion of electrochemical impedance  spectroscopy	2013	The inverse problem associated with electrochemical impedance spectroscopyrequiring the solution of a Fredholm integral equation of the first kind isconsidered. If the underlying physical model is not clearly determined, theinverse problem needs to be solved using a regularized linear least squaresproblem that is obtained from the discretization of the integral equation. Forthis system, it is shown that the model error can be made negligible by achange of variables and by extending the effective range of quadrature. Thischange of variables serves as a right preconditioner that significantlyimproves the condition of the system. Still, to obtain feasible solutions theadditional constraint of non-negativity is required. Simulations withartificial, but realistic, data demonstrate that the use of non-negativelyconstrained least squares with a smoothing norm provides higher qualitysolutions than those obtained without the non-negative constraint. Usinghigher-order smoothing norms also reduces the error in the solutions. TheL-curve and residual periodogram parameter choice criteria, which are used forparameter choice with regularized linear least squares, are successfullyadapted to be used for the non-negatively constrained Tikhonov least squaresproblem. Although these results have been verified within the context of theanalysis of electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, there is no reason tosuppose that they would not be relevant within the broader framework of solvingFredholm integral equations for other applications.
The Paradox of Power Loss in a Lossless Infinite Transmission Line	2013	We discuss here the famous paradox of a continuous power drainage from thesource at the input of an otherwise lossless infinite transmission line. Thesolution of the paradox lies in the realization that in an open-circuit finitetransmission line/ladder network, there is an incident as well as a reflectedwave and the input impedence is determined by the superposition of both waves.It is explicitly shown that the reactive input impedance of even a singleblock, comprising say a simple LC circuit, is determined at all drivingfrequencies from the superposition of incident and reflected waves, and thatthe input impedance remains reactive in nature (i.e., an imaginary value) evenwhen additional blocks are added indefinitely. However in a ladder network ortransmission line, taken to be {\em infinite right from the beginning}, thereis no reflected wave (assuming the circuit to be ideal with no discontinuitiesen route). Thus the source while continuously supplying power in the forwarddirection, does not retrieve it from a reflected wave and unlike in the case ofa finite line, there is a net power loss. This apparently lost energyultimately appears in the electromagnetic fields in the reactive elements(capacitances and inductances which to begin with had no such stored energy),further down the line as the incident wave advances forward. It is also shownthat radiation plays absolutely no role in resolving this intriguing paradox.
Estimation of conductivity changes in a region of interest with  electrical impedance tomography	2014	This paper proposes a novel approach to reconstruct changes in a targetconductivity from electrical impedance tomography measurements. As in theconventional difference imaging, the reconstruction of the conductivity changeis based on electrical potential measurements from the exterior boundary of thetarget before and after the change. In this paper, however, images of theconductivity before and after the change are reconstructed simultaneously basedon the two data sets. The key feature of the approach is that the conductivityafter the change is parameterized as a linear combination of the initial stateand the change. This allows for modeling independently the spatialcharacteristics of the background conductivity and the change of theconductivity - by separate regularization functionals. The approach also allowsin a straightforward way the restriction of the conductivity change to alocalized region of interest inside the domain. While conventional differenceimaging reconstruction is based on a global linearization of the observationmodel, the proposed approach amounts to solving a non-linear inverse problem.The feasibility of the proposed reconstruction method is tested experimentallyand with a simulation which demonstrates a potential new medical application ofelectrical impedance tomography: imaging of vocal folds in voice loadingstudies.
Applications of Lorentz force in medical acoustics: Lorentz force  hydrophone, Lorentz Force Electrical Impedance Tomography, Imaging of shear  waves induced by Lorentz force	2014	The ability of the Lorentz force to link a mechanical displacement to anelectrical current presents a strong interest for medical acoustics, and threeapplications were studied in this thesis. In the first part of this work, ahydrophone was developed for mapping the particle velocity of an acousticfield. This hydrophone was constructed using a thin copper wire and an externalmagnetic field. A model was elaborated to determine the relationship betweenthe acoustic pressure and the measured electrical current, which is induced byLorentz force when the wire vibrates in the acoustic field of an ultrasoundtransducer. The built prototype was characterized and its spatial resolution,frequency response, sensitivity, robustness and directivity response wereinvestigated. An imaging method called Lorentz Force Electrical ImpedanceTomography was also studied. In this method, a biological tissue is vibrated byultrasound in a magnetic field, which induces an electrical current by Lorentzforce. The electrical impedance of the tissue can be deduced from themeasurement of the current. This technique was applied for imaging a gelatinphantom, a beef muscle sample, and a thermal lesion in a chicken breast sample.This showed the method may be useful for providing additional contrast toconventional ultrasound imaging. Finally, this thesis demonstrated that shearwaves can be generated in soft tissues using Lorentz force. This work wasperformed by applying an electrical current with two electrodes in a soft solidplaced in a magnetic field. Shear waves were observed in gelatin phantom andliver sample. The speed of the shear waves were used to compute elasticity andtheir source to map the electrical conductivity of the samples.
Passive Lossless Huygens Metasurfaces for Conversion of Arbitrary Source  Field to Directive Radiation	2014	We present a semi-analytical formulation of the interaction between a givensource field and a scalar Huygens metasurface (HMS), a recently introducedpromising concept for wavefront manipulation based on a sheet of orthogonalelectric and magnetic dipoles. Utilizing the equivalent surface impedancerepresentation of these metasurfaces, we establish that an arbitrary sourcefield can be converted into directive radiation via a passive lossless HMS iftwo physical conditions are met: local power conservation and local impedanceequalization. Expressing the fields via their plane-wave spectrum andharnessing the slowly-varying envelope approximation we obtain semi-analyticalformulae for the scattered fields, and prescribe the surface reactance requiredfor the metasurface implementation. The resultant design procedure indicatesthat the local impedance equalization induces a Fresnel-like reflection, whilelocal power conservation forms a radiating virtual aperture which follows thetotal excitation field magnitude. The semi-analytical predictions are verifiedby finite-element simulations of HMSs designed for different sourceconfigurations. Besides serving as a flexible design procedure for HMSradiators, the proposed formulation also provides a robust mechanism toincorporate a variety of source configurations into general HMS models, as wellas physical insight on the conditions enabling purely reactive implementationof this novel type of metasurfaces.
Heterogeneous electrocatalysis in porous cathodes of solid oxide fuel  cells	2014	A general physics-based model is developed for heterogeneous electrocatalysisin porous electrodes and used to predict and interpret the impedance of solidoxide fuel cells. This model describes the coupled processes of oxygen gasdissociative adsorption and surface diffusion of the oxygen intermediate to thetriple phase boundary, where charge transfer occurs. The model accuratelycaptures the Gerischer-like frequency dependence and the oxygen partialpressure dependence of the impedance of symmetric cathode cells. Digital imageanalysis of the microstructure of the cathode functional layer in fourdifferent cells directly confirms the predicted connection between geometricalproperties and the impedance response. As in classical catalysis, theelectrocatalytic activity is controlled by an effective Thiele modulus, whichis the ratio of the surface diffusion length (mean distance from an adsorptionsite to the triple phase boundary) to the surface boundary layer length (squareroot of surface diffusivity divided by the adsorption rate constant). TheThiele modulus must be larger than one in order to maintain high surfacecoverage of reaction intermediates, but care must be taken in order toguarantee a sufficient triple phase boundary density. The model also predictsthe Sabatier volcano plot with the maximum catalytic activity corresponding tothe proper equilibrium surface fraction of adsorbed oxygen adatoms. Theseresults provide basic principles and simple analytical tools to optimize porousmicrostructures for efficient electrocatalysis.
Microwave dynamics of high aspect ratio superconducting nanowires  studied using self-resonance	2016	We study the microwave impedance of extremely high aspect ratio (length/width~ 5,000) superconducting niobium nitride nanowires. The nanowires arefabricated in a compact meander geometry that is in series with the centerconductor of a 50 ohm coplanar waveguide transmission line. The transmissioncoefficient of the sample is measured up to 20 GHz. At high frequency, a peakin the transmission coefficient is seen. Numerical simulations show that thisis a half-wave resonance along the length of the nanowire, where the nanowireacts as a high impedance, slow wave transmission line. This resonance sets theupper frequency limit for these nanowires as inductive elements. Fittingsimulations to the measured resonance enables a precise determination of thenanowire's complex sheet impedance at the resonance frequency. The real part isa measure of dissipation, while the imaginary part is dominated by kineticinductance. We characterize the dependence of the sheet resistance and sheetinductance on both temperature and current and compare the results to recenttheoretical predictions for disordered superconductors. These results can aidin the understanding of high frequency devices based on superconductingnanowires. They may also lead to the development of novel superconductingdevices such as ultra-compact resonators and slow-wave structures.
On the Superposition and Elastic Recoil of Electromagnetic Waves	2014	Superposition demands that a linear combination of solutions to anelectromagnetic problem also be a solution. This paper analyzes some verysimple problems: the constructive and destructive interferences of shortimpulse voltage and current waves along an ideal free-space transmission line.When voltage waves constructively interfere, the superposition has twice theelectrical energy of the individual waveforms because current goes to zero,converting magnetic to electrical energy. When voltage waves destructivelyinterfere, the superposition has no electrical energy because it transforms tomagnetic energy. Although the impedance of the individual waves is that of freespace, a superposition of waves may exhibit arbitrary impedance. Further,interferences of identical waveforms allow no energy transfer between oppositeends of a transmission line. The waves appear to recoil elastically one fromanother. Although alternate interpretations are possible, these appear lesslikely. Similar phenomenology arises in waves of arbitrary shape and thosepropagating in free space as well. We may also interpret this behavior as eachwave reflecting from the impedance variations the superposition imparts on freespace. This work has practical implications to quantum mechanics, fielddiversity antenna systems, and near-field electromagnetic ranging.
On the variations of acoustic absorption peak with flow velocity in  Micro-Perforated Panels at high level of excitation	2009	The acoustic behavior of micro-perforated panels (MPP) is studiedtheoretically and experimentally at high level of pressure excitation. A modelbased on Forcheimer's regime of flow velocity in the perforations is proposed.This model is valid at relatively high Reynolds numbers and low Mach numbers.The experimental method consists in measuring the acoustical pressure at threedifferent positions in an impedance tube, the two measurement positions usuallyconsidered in an impedance tube and one measurement in the vicinity of the rearsurface of the MPP. The impedance tube is equipped with a pressure driverinstead of the usual loudspeaker and capable of delivering a high soundpressure level up to 160 dB. Several MPP specimens made out of steel andpolypropylene were tested. Measurements using random noise or sinusoidalexcitation in a frequency range between 200 and 1600 Hz were carried out onMPPs backed by air cavities. It was observed that the maximum of absorption canbe a positive or a negative function of the flow velocity in the perforations.This suggests the existence of a maximum of absorption as a function of flowvelocity. This behavior was predicted by the model and confirmedexperimentally.
Stored Electromagnetic Energy and Antenna Q	2012	Decomposition of the electromagnetic energy into its stored and radiatedparts is instrumental in the evaluation of antenna Q and the correspondingfundamental limitations on antennas. This decomposition is not unique and thereare several proposals in the literature. Here, it is shown that stored energydefined from the difference between the energy density and the far field energyequals the new energy expressions proposed by Vandenbosch for many cases. Thisalso explains the observed cases with negative stored energy and suggests apossible remedy to them. The results are compared with the classical explicitexpressions for spherical regions where the results only differ by ka that isinterpreted as the far-field energy in the interior of the sphere. Numericalresults of the Q-factors for dipole, loop, and inverted L-antennas are alsocompared with estimates from circuit models and differentiation of theimpedance. The results indicate that the stored energy in the field agrees withthe stored energy in the Brune synthesized circuit models whereas thedifferentiated impedance gives a lower value for some cases. The correspondingresults for the bandwidth suggest that the inverse proportionality betweenbandwidth and Q depends on the relative bandwidth or equivalent the thresholdof the reflection coefficient. The Q from the differentiated impedance andstored energy are most useful for relative narrow and wide bandwidths,respectively.
Study on acoustic radiation impedance at aperture of a waveguide with  circular cross section taking account of interaction between different guided  modes	2014	In this paper we simulated self- and mutual- acoustic impedances of guidedmodes at the aperture and estimated accuracy of the piston radiationapproximation. We used the Rayleigh integral to simulate the interactionsbetween different guided modes at the aperture, with low time-consuming. Thiskind of guided-wave technique can be utilized to solve problems in diversefields of wave science such as acoustics, electromagnetism and optics. Foracoustic waves emitted through a horn or a waveguide with an aperture muchsmaller than the wavelength, there are only plane wave modes in the waveguideand the aperture of horn can therefore be considered as a piston radiator.However if an acoustic wave with high frequency such as ultrasonic wave isradiated, there can exist several guided modes in the duct. For arbitrary shapeand size of waveguide, interactions between different modes must be taken intoaccount to evaluate sound field in the duct and total acoustic power from itsaperture. In this paper we simulated self- and mutual- acoustic impedances ofguided modes at the aperture and estimated accuracy of the piston radiationapproximation. We used the Rayleigh integral to simulate the interactionsbetween different guided modes at the aperture, with low time-consuming. Thiskind of guided-wave technique can be utilized to solve problems in diversefields of wave science such as acoustics, electromagnetism and optics.
Multiscale analysis of the acoustic scattering by many scatterers of  impedance type	2015	We are concerned with the acoustic scattering problem, at a frequency$\kappa$, by many small obstacles of arbitrary shapes with impedance boundarycondition. These scatterers are assumed to be included in a bounded domain$\Omega$ in $\mathbb{R}^3$ which is embedded in an acoustic backgroundcharacterized by an eventually locally varying index of refraction. Thecollection of the scatterers $D_m, \; m=1,...,M$ is modeled by four parameters:their number $M$, their maximum radius $a$, their minimum distance $d$ and thesurface impedances $\lambda_m, \; m=1,...,M$. We consider the parameters $M, d$and $\lambda_m$'s having the following scaling properties: $M:=M(a)=O(a^{-s})$,$d:=d(a)\approx a^t$ and $\lambda_m:=\lambda_m(a)=\lambda_{m,0}a^{-\beta}$, as$a \rightarrow 0$, with non negative constants $s, t$ and $\beta$ and complexnumbers $\lambda_{m, 0}$'s with eventually negative imaginary parts.  We derive the asymptotic expansion of the farfields with explicit errorestimate in terms of $a$, as $a\rightarrow 0$. The dominant term is theFoldy-Lax field corresponding to the scattering by the point-like scattererslocated at the centers $z_m$'s of the scatterers $D_m$'s with $\lambda_m \vert\partial D_m\vert$ as the related scattering coefficients.
Intracellular impedance measurements reveal non-ohmic properties of the  extracellular medium around neurons	2015	The electrical properties of extracellular space around neurons are importantto understand the genesis of extracellular potentials, as well as forlocalizing neuronal activity from extracellular recordings. However, the exactnature of these extracellular properties is still uncertain. We introduce amethod to measure the impedance of the tissue, and which preserves the intactcell-medium interface, using whole-cell patch-clamp recordings in vivo and invitro. We find that neural tissue has marked non-ohmic and frequency-filteringproperties, which are not consistent with a resistive (ohmic) medium, as oftenassumed. In contrast, using traditional metal electrodes provides verydifferent results, more consistent with a resistive medium. The amplitude andphase profiles of the measured impedance are consistent with the contributionof ionic diffusion. We also show that the impact of such frequency-filteringproperties is possibly important on the genesis of local field potentials, aswell as on the cable properties of neurons. The present results show non-ohmicproperties of the extracellular medium around neurons, and suggest that sourceestimation methods, as well as the cable properties of neurons, which allassume ohmic extracellular medium, may need to be re-evaluated.
Precision, Recall, and Sensitivity of Monitoring Partially Synchronous  Distributed Systems	2016	Runtime verification focuses on analyzing the execution of a given program bya monitor to determine if it is likely to violate its specifications. There isoften an impedance mismatch between the assumptions/model of the monitor andthat of the underlying program. This constitutes problems especially fordistributed systems, where the concept of current time and state are inherentlyuncertain. A monitor designed with asynchronous system model assumptions maycause false-positives for a program executing in a partially synchronoussystem: the monitor may flag a global predicate that does not actually occur inthe underlying system. A monitor designed with a partially synchronous systemmodel assumption may cause false negatives as well as false positives for aprogram executing in an environment where the bounds on partial synchronydiffer (albeit temporarily) from the monitor model assumptions.  In this paper we analyze the effects of the impedance mismatch between themonitor and the underlying program for the detection of conjunctive predicates.We find that there is a small interval where the monitor assumptions arehypersensitive to the underlying program environment. We provide analyticalderivations for this interval, and also provide simulation support forexploring the sensitivity of predicate detection to the impedance mismatchbetween the monitor and the program under a partially synchronous system.
Plasmons and terahertz devices in graphene	2016	We introduce a novel scheme for efficient manipulation and detection ofterahertz (THz) radiation. Our work consists of two parts; with a focus onproving the concept of our novel scheme, and the exploitation of graphene'speculiar properties.  For the first part, we report on the successful demonstration of twomultiresonance Split Ring Resonator (SRR) designs, for efficient modulation ofTHz frequency beams. The two designs are based on SRR intracoupling, withmultiple predefined resonances covering the bandwidth 40-300 GHz. Thesimulation results obtained have been experimentally verified.  The second part of the work reports on the computational development of novelarchitectures of low-impedance broadband antennas, for efficient detection ofTHz frequency beams. The conceived Split Ring Resonator-Resonance Assisted(SRR-RA) antennas are based on both a capacitive and inductive scheme,exploiting a 200 $\Omega$ and 400 $\Omega$ impedance, respectively. Moreover,the impedance is tunable by varying the geometry's coupling parameters,allowing for better matching with the detector circuit for maximum powerextraction. Our results have been obtained at simulation level for a 1.5 THzoperation frequency.
Propagation of acoustic waves in two waveguides coupled by perforations.  II. Application to periodic lattices of finite length	2016	The paper deals with the generic problem of two waveguides coupled byperforations, which can be perforated tube mufflers without or with partitions,possibly with absorbing materials. Other examples are ducts with branchedresonators of honeycomb cavities , which can be coupled or not, and splittersilencers. Assuming low frequencies, only one mode is considered in each guide.The propagation in the two waveguides can be very different, thanks e.g. to thepresence of constrictions. The model is a discrete, periodic one, based upon4th-order impedance matrices and their diagonalization. All the calculation isanalytical, thanks to the partition of the matrices in 2nd-order matrices, andallows the treatment of a very wide types of problems. Several aspects areinvestigated: the local or non-local character of the reaction of one guide tothe other; the definition of a coupling coefficient; the effect of finite sizewhen a lattice with n cells in inserted into an infinite guide; therelationship between the Insertion Loss and the dispersion. The assumptions areas follows: linear acoustics, no mean flow, rigid wall. However the effect ofthe series impedance of the perforations, which is generally ignored, is takeninto account, and is dis- cussed. When there are no losses, it is shown that,for symmetry reasons, the cutoff frequencies depend on either the seriesimpedance or the shunt admittance , and are the eigenfrequencies of the cellsof the lattice, with zero-pressure or zero-velocity at the ends of the cells.
A model study of present-day Hall-effect circulators	2016	Stimulated by the recent implementation of a three-port Hall-effect microwavecirculator of Mahoney et al. (MEA), we present model studies of the performanceof this device. Our calculations are based on the capacitive-coupling model ofViola and DiVincenzo (VD). Based on conductance data from a typical Hall-bardevice obtained from a two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) in a magnetic field,we numerically solve the coupled field-circuit equations to calculate theexpected performance of the circulator, as determined by the $S$ parameters ofthe device when coupled to 50$\Omega$ ports, as a function of frequency andmagnetic field. Above magnetic fields of 1.5T, for which a typical 2DEG entersthe quantum Hall regime (corresponding to a Landau-level filling fraction $\nu$of 20), the Hall angle $\theta_H=\tan^{-1}\sigma_{xy}/\sigma_{xx}$ alwaysremains close to $90^\circ$, and the $S$ parameters are close to the analyticpredictions of VD for $\theta_H=\pi/2$. As anticipated by VD, MEA find thedevice to have rather high (k$\Omega$) impedance, and thus to be extremelymismatched to $50\Omega$, requiring the use of impedance matching. Weincorporate the lumped matching circuits of MEA in our modeling and confirmthat they can produce excellent circulation, although confined to a very smallbandwidth. We predict that this bandwidth is significantly improved by workingat lower magnetic field when the Landau index is high, e.g. $\nu=20$, and theimpedance mismatch is correspondingly less extreme. Our modeling also confirmsthe observation of MEA that parasitic port-to-port capacitance can produce veryinteresting countercirculation effects.
RF Measurements of the New TOTEM Roman Pot	2016	The TOTEM experiment has been designed to measure the total proton-protoncross section and to study the elastic and diffractive scattering at the LHCenergy. The measurement requires detecting protons at distances as small as 1mm from the beam center: TOTEM uses Roman Pots, movable beam pipe insertions,hosting silicon detectors. In the first period of LHC operation no relevantproblems were detected with Roman Pots retracted or inserted during specialruns. However, when operating the LHC with high intensity beams, impedanceinduced heating has been observed during the Roman Pots insertion. In order tobe compatible with the higher LHC beam current foreseen after the LS1, a newversion of the Roman Pot has been proposed and optimized with respect to thebeam coupling impedance. In this work we present the bench impedancemeasurements carried out on the new Roman Pot prototype. Single and double wiremeasurements, as well as probe measurements, were performed in order to detectpossible harmful resonant modes. The laboratory setup has been as wellsimulated with the help of CST Particle Studio in order to benchmark themeasurement results. Measurements and simulations are in close agreementconfirming the equipment compatibility with the LHC requirements for safeoperation.
Quasi-Spectral Sparse Bi-Global Stability Analysis of Compressible  Channel Flow over Complex Impedance	2017	We have developed a fully sparse, compact-scheme based biglobal stabilityanalysis numerical solver applied, for the scope of the current paper, to theinvestigation of the effects of impedance boundary conditions (IBCs) on thestructure of a fully developed compressible turbulent channel flow. Asixth-order compact finite difference scheme is used to discretize thelinearized Navier-Stokes equations leading to a Generalized Eigenvalue Problem(GEVP). Sparsity is retained by explicitly introducing derivatives of theperturbation as additional unknowns, increasing the overall problem size(number of columns $\times$ number of rows) while significantly reducing thenumber of non-zeros and the computational cost with respect to traditionalimplementations yielding otherwise dense matrix blocks. The resulting GEVP iscoded in Python and solved employing an Message Passing Interface (MPI)parallelized PETSc-based sparse eigenvalue solver adopting a modified Arnoldialgorithm. Base flow is taken from impermeable isothermal-wall turbulentchannel flow simulations at bulk Reynolds number, $Re_b= 6900$ and Mach number,$M_b = 0.85$. The eigenvalue spectrum calculated in the biglobal stabilityanalysis shows distinct groups of modes associated with a discrete set ofstreamwise wave numbers accommodated by computational domain. An iterativestrategy for the imposition of the complex IBCs, which are a nonlinear functionof the real-valued (Fourier) frequency in the GEVP, has been devised. Theadopted IBC specifically represents an array of sub-surface-mounted Helmholtzcavities with resonant frequency, $f_{res}$, covered by a porous sheet withpermeability inversely proportional to the impedance resistance $R$. Thetunable resonant frequency has been shown to be an attractor for theinstability, yielding a single unstable mode at that frequency.
A Fidelity-embedded Regularization Method for Robust Electrical  Impedance Tomography	2017	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) provides functional images of anelectrical conductivity distribution inside the human body. Since the 1980s,many potential clinical applications have arisen using inexpensive portable EITdevices. EIT acquires multiple trans-impedance measurements across the bodyfrom an array of surface electrodes around a chosen imaging slice. Theconductivity image reconstruction from the measured data is a fundamentallyill-posed inverse problem notoriously vulnerable to measurement noise andartifacts. Most available methods invert the ill-conditioned sensitivity orJacobian matrix using a regularized least-squares data-fitting technique. Theirperformances rely on the regularization parameter, which controls the trade-offbetween fidelity and robustness. For clinical applications of EIT, it would bedesirable to develop a method achieving consistent performance over variousuncertain data, regardless of the choice of the regularization parameter. Basedon the analysis of the structure of the Jacobian matrix, we propose afidelity-embedded regularization (FER) method and a motion artifact removalfilter. Incorporating the Jacobian matrix in the regularization process, thenew FER method with the motion artifact removal filter offers stablereconstructions of high-fidelity images from noisy data by taking a very largeregularization parameter value. The proposed method showed practical merits inexperimental studies of chest EIT imaging.
Scattering of electromagnetic waves by small impedance particles of an  arbitrary shape	2015	An explicit formula is derived for the electromagnetic (EM) field scatteredby one small impedance particle $D$ of an arbitrary shape. If $a$ is thecharacteristic size of the particle, $\lambda$ is the wavelength, $a<<\lambda$and $\zeta$ is the boundary impedance of $D$, $[N,[E,N]]=\zeta [N,H]$ on $S$,where $S$ is the surface of the particle, $N$ is the unit outer normal to $S$,and $E$, $H$ is the EM field, then the scattered field is $E_{sc}=[\nablag(x,x_1), Q]$. Here $g(x,y)=\frac{e^{ik|x-y|}}{4\pi |x-y|}$, $k$ is the wavenumber, $x_1\in D$ is an arbitrary point, and $Q=-\frac{\zeta |S|}{i\omega\mu}\tau \nabla \times E_0$, where $E_0$ is the incident field, $|S|$ is thearea of $S$, $\omega$ is the frequency, $\mu$ is the magnetic permeability ofthe space exterior to $D$, and $\tau$ is a tensor which is calculatedexplicitly. The scattered field is $O(|\zeta| a^2)>> O(a^3)$ as $a\to 0$ when$\lambda$ is fixed and $\zeta$ does not depend on $a$. Thus, $|E_{sc}|$ is muchlarger than the classical value $O(a^3)$ for the field scattered by a smallparticle. It is proved that the effective field in the medium, in which manysmall particles are embedded, has a limit as $a\to 0$ and the number $M=M(a)$of the particles tends to $\infty$ at a suitable rate. Thislimit solves alinear integral equation. The refraction coefficient of the limiting medium iscalculated analytically. This yields a recipe for creating materials with adesired refraction coefficient.
Analysis of High Frequency Impedance Measurement Techniques for Power  Line Network Sensing	2017	A major aspect in power line distribution networks is the constant monitoringof the network properties. With the advent of the smart grid concept,distributed monitoring has started complementing the information of the centralstations. In this context, power line communications modems deployed throughoutthe network provide a tool to monitor high frequency components of the signalstraveling through a power line network. We propose therefore to use them notonly as communication devices but also as network sensors. Besides classicalvoltage measurements, these sensors can be designed to monitor high frequencyimpedances, which provide useful information about the power line network, asfor instance status of the topology, cable degradation and occurrence offaults. In this article, we provide a technical analysis of different voltageand impedance measurement techniques that can be integrated into power linemodems. We assess the accuracy of the techniques under analysis in the presenceof network noise and we discuss the statistical characteristics of themeasurement noise. We finally compare the performances of the examinedtechniques when applied to the fault detection problem in distributionnetworks, in order to establish which technique gives more accurate results.
A New Approach to Frequency Independent Radiating Systems: Conformal  Edge Antennas	2017	Conformal techniques, based on the covariance of Maxwell's electrodynamicsunder the full conformal group in four spacetime dimensions, are discussed inrelation with the constant input impedance properties of frequency-independentantennas. In particular we show that by applying suitable conformaltransformations to existing self-complementary planar structures likelogarithmic spirals, the constant input impedance property is considerablyimproved, specially in the low frequency domain, where it usually fails due tothe large wavelength involved. The effect of the conformal transformation is tobring infinity up to a finite distance and, in a way, to imprison the otherwiseinfinite structure in a compact region. This procedure enables to perform amore intelligent truncation with the aim to capture some of the properties leftbehind in the cutting, and to design realistic ultra width-band antennas with amore controlled value of the input impedance in the whole operation range. Dueto the fact that the tools here developed find their roots in the differentialgeometry of curved manifolds, they are quite general and also suitable fordealing with 3D-antennas of arbitrary shape, curvature and size, as well aswith other systems in which the effects of truncation play a crucial role indefining physical properties of them.
Deepening subwavelength acoustic resonance via metamaterials with  universal broadband elliptical microstructure	2017	Slow sound is a frequently exploited phenomenon that metamaterials can inducein order to permit wave energy compression, redirection, imaging, soundabsorption and other special functionalities. Generally however such slow soundstructures have a poor impedance match to air, particularly at low frequencies,and consequently exhibit strong transmission only in narrow frequency ranges.This therefore strongly restricts their application in wave manipulationdevices. In this work we design a slow sound medium that halves the effectivespeed of sound in air over a wide range of low frequencies, whilstsimultaneously maintaining a near impedance match to air. This is achieved witha rectangular array of cylinders of elliptical cross section, a microstructurethat is motivated by combining transformation acoustics with homogenization.Microstructural parameters are optimised in order to provide the requiredanisotropic material properties as well as near impedance matching. We thenemploy this microstructure in order to halve the size of a quarter-wavelengthresonator (QWR), or equivalently to halve the resonant frequency of a QWR of agiven size. This provides significant space savings in the context oflow-frequency tonal noise attenuation in confined environments where theabsorbing material is adjacent to the region in which sound propagates, such asin a duct. We term the elliptical microstructure `universal' since it may beemployed in a number of diverse applications.
Combination of frequency shift and impedance-based method for robust  temperature sensing using piezoceramic devices for shm	2017	The influence of temperature is a major problem in Structural HealthMonitoring diagnosis using guided waves. In this article, two methods fortemperature compensation are used to evaluate the temperature of a structuremonitored by Piezoceramic Transducers (PZT). The first one consists in a linearregression of the static capacity of the PZT (computed with theelectromechanical impedance) with the temperature. It allows one to determinetemperature of a PZT from any impedance measurement. The second method is basedon the Modes Frequency Shift (MFS) of the frequency response function (FRF)calculated in a pitch-catch mode with an exponential sweep signal. A linearregression between the MFS and the temperature is settled for most modes andallow the estimation of temperature between two PZT. Experiments on a compositeplate monitored by 5 PZT patches showed that a $\pm$2{\textdegree}C degreevariation can easily be identified with both methods. Combined together, thosetwo methods could replace actual temperature sensors and bring an efficientimprovement for temperature compensation in applications where the temperaturevariation is heterogeneous on a structure.
Numerical Investigation of Second Mode Attenuation over Carbon/Carbon  Surfaces on a Sharp Slender Cone	2017	We have carried out axisymmetric numerical simulations of a spatiallydeveloping hypersonic boundary layer over a sharp 7$^{\circ{}}$-half-angle coneat $M_\infty=7.5$ inspired by the experimental investigations by Wagner (2015).Simulations are first performed with impermeable (or solid) walls with aone-time broadband pulse excitation applied upstream to determine the mostconvectively-amplified frequencies resulting in the range 260kHz -- 400kHz,consistent with experimental observations of second-mode instability waves.Subsequently, we introduce harmonic disturbances via continuous periodicsuction and blowing at 270kHz and 350kHz. For each of these forcing frequenciescomplex impedance boundary conditions (IBC), modeling the acoustic response oftwo different carbon/carbon (C/C) ultrasonically absorptive porous surfaces,are applied at the wall. The IBCs are derived as an output of a pore-scaleaeroacoustic analysis -- the inverse Helmholtz Solver (iHS) -- which is able toreturn the broadband real and imaginary components of the surface-averagedimpedance. The introduction of the IBCs in all cases leads to a significantattenuation of the harmonically-forced second-mode wave. In particular, weobserve a higher attenuation rate of the introduced waves with frequency of350kHz in comparison with 270kHz, and, along with the iHS impedance results, weestablish that the C/C surfaces absorb acoustic energy more effectively athigher frequencies.
Simple Impedance Response Formulas for the Dispersive Interaction Rates  in the Effective Hamiltonians of Low Anharmonicity Superconducting Qubits	2017	For superconducting quantum processors consisting of low anharmonicity qubitssuch as transmons we give a complete microwave description of the system in thequbit subspace. We assume that the qubits are dispersively coupled to adistributed microwave structure such that the detunings of the qubits from theinternal modes of the microwave structure are stronger than their couplings. Wedefine qubit ports across the terminals of the Josephson junctions and driveports where transmission lines carrying drive signals reach the chip and weobtain the multiport impedance response of the linear passive part of thesystem between the ports. We then relate interaction parameters in betweenqubits and between the qubits and the environment to the entries of thismultiport impedance function: in particular we show that the exchange couplingrate J between qubits is related in a simple way to the off-diagonal entryconnecting the qubit ports. Similarly we relate couplings of the qubits tovoltage drives and lossy environment to the entries connecting the qubits andthe drive ports. Our treatment takes into account all the modes (possiblyinfinite) that might be present in the distributed electromagnetic structureand provides an efficient method for the modeling and analysis of the circuits.
Coupling Two Spin Qubits with a High-Impedance Resonator	2018	Fast, high-fidelity single and two-qubit gates are essential to building aviable quantum information processor, but achieving both in the same system hasproved challenging for spin qubits. We propose and analyze an approach toperform a long-distance two-qubit controlled phase (CPHASE) gate between twosinglet-triplet qubits using an electromagnetic resonator to mediate theirinteraction. The qubits couple longitudinally to the resonator, and by drivingthe qubits near the resonator's frequency they can be made to acquire astate-dependent geometric phase that leads to a CPHASE gate independent of theinitial state of the resonator. Using high impedance resonators enables gatetimes of order 10 ns while maintaining long coherence times. Simulations showaverage gate fidelities of over 96% using currently achievable experimentalparameters and over 99% using state-of-the-art resonator technology. Afteroptimizing the gate fidelity in terms of parameters tuneable in-situ, we findit takes a simple power-law form in terms of the resonator's impedance andquality and the qubits' noise bath.
Giant, anomalous piezo-impedance of silicon-on-insulator	2018	A giant, anomalous piezo-response of fully-depleted silicon-on-insulator(FD-SOI) devices under mechanical stress is demonstrated using impedancespectroscopy. This piezo-response strongly depends on the measurementfrequency, $\omega$, and consists of both a piezoresistance (PZR) andpiezocapacitance whose maximum values are $\pi_R = -1100 \times 10^{-11}$Pa$^{-1}$ and $\pi_C = -900 \times 10^{-11}$ Pa$^{-1}$ respectively. Thesevalues should be compared with the usual bulk PZR in p-type silicon, $\pi_R= 70\times 10^{-11}$ Pa$^{-1}$. The observations are well described using models ofspace charge limited electron and hole currents in the presence of fastelectronic traps having stress-dependent capture ($\omega_c$) and emissionrates. Under steady-state conditions (i.e. when $\omega \ll \omega_c$) wherethe impedance spectroscopy measurements yield results that are directlycomparable with previously published reports of PZR in depleted, siliconnano-objects, the overall piezo-response is just the usual, bulk silicon PZR.Anomalous PZR is observed only under non-steady-state conditions when $\omega\approx \omega_c$, with a symmetry suggesting that the electro-mechanicallyactive fast traps are native Pb$_0$ interface defects. The observations suggestnew functionalities for FD-SOI, and shed light on the debate over the PZR ofcarrier depleted nano-silicon.
Non-linear impedance spectroscopy applied to thermoelectric  measurements: beyond the ZT estimation	2018	Thermoelectric measurement of the dimensionless zT parameter requiresmultiple physical quantities to be measured, therefore there is great interestto find an experimental setup capable of measuring all these properties atonce. Previous works on impedance spectroscopy have shown promising results inthis direction, however, this technique does not lead to a completecharacterization of the thermoelectric system without additional measurement.In order to extend impedance spectroscopy, we have investigated the measurementof the non-linear harmonic response of a Peltier device. The experiments areanalyzed using an analytic model obtained by solving the heat equation in thefrequency regime. Our work shows that fitting the experimental response of thesystem in the harmonic regime can lead to a complete characterization of thethermoelectric properties without the need of additional measurement.
Overall constitutive description of symmetric layered media based on  scattering of oblique SH waves	2018	This papers investigates the scattering of oblique shear horizontal (SH)waves off finite periodic media made of elastic and viscoelastic layers. Itfurther considers whether a Willis-type constitutive matrix (in temporal andspatial Fourier domain) may reproduce the scattering matrix (SM) of such asystem. In answering this question the procedure to determine the relevantoverall constitutive parameters for such a medium is presented. To do this,first the general form of the dispersion relation and impedances for oblique SHpropagation in such coupled Willis-type media are developed. The band structureand scattering of layered media are calculated using the transfer matrix (TM)method. The dispersion relation may be derived based on the eigensolutions ofan infinite periodic domain. The wave impedances associated with the exteriorsurfaces of a finite thickness slab are extracted from the scattering of such asystem. Based on reciprocity and available symmetries of the structure and eachconstituent layer, the general form of the dispersion and impedances may besimplified. The overall quantities may be extracted by equating the scatteringdata from TM with those expected from a Willis-type medium. It becomes evidentthat a Willis-type coupled constitutive tensor with components that are assumedindependent of wave vector is unable to reproduce all oblique scattering data.Therefore, non-unique wave vector dependent formulations are introduced, whoseSM matches that of the layered media exactly. It is further shown that thedependence of the overall constitutive tensors of such systems on the wavevector is not removable even at very small frequencies and incidence angles andthat analytical considerations significantly limit the potential forms of thespatially dispersive constitutive tensors.
Modeling and Loop Shaping of Single-Joint Amplification Exoskeleton with  Contact Sensing and Series Elastic Actuation	2018	In this paper we consider a class of exoskeletons designed to amplify thestrength of humans through feedback of sensed human-robot interactions andactuator forces. We define an amplification error signal based on a referenceamplification rate, and design a linear feedback compensator to attenuate thiserror. Since the human operator is an integral part of the system, we designthe compensator to be robust to both a realistic variation in human impedanceand a large variation in load impedance. We demonstrate our strategy on aone-degree of freedom amplification exoskeleton connected to a human arm,following a three dimensional matrix of experimentation: slow or fast humanmotion; light or extreme exoskeleton load; and soft or clenched human armimpedances. We demonstrate that a slightly aggressive controller results in aborderline stable system---but only for soft human musculoeskeletal behaviorand a heavy load. This class of exoskeleton systems is interesting because itcan both amplify a human's interaction forces --- so long as the human contactsthe environment through the exoskeleton --- and attenuate the operator'sperception of the exoskeleton's reflected dynamics at frequencies within thebandwidth of the control.
Granular aluminum: A superconducting material for high impedance quantum  circuits	2018	Superconducting quantum information processing machines are predominantlybased on microwave circuits with relatively low characteristic impedance, ofabout 100 Ohm, and small anharmonicity, which can limit their coherence andlogic gate fidelity. A promising alternative are circuits based on so-calledsuperinductors, with characteristic impedances exceeding the resistance quantum$R_Q = 6.4$ k$\Omega$. However, previous implementations of superinductors,consisting of mesoscopic Josephson junction arrays, can introduce unintendednonlinearity or parasitic resonant modes in the qubit vicinity, degrading itscoherence. Here we present a fluxonium qubit design using a granular aluminum(grAl) superinductor strip. Granular aluminum is a particularly attractivematerial, as it self-assembles into an effective junction array with aremarkably high kinetic inductance, and its fabrication can be in-situintegrated with standard aluminum circuit processing. The measured qubitcoherence time $T_2^R$ up to 30 $\mu$s illustrates the potential of grAl forapplications ranging from protected qubit designs to quantum limited amplifiersand detectors.
Leveraging Gaussian Process and Voting-Empowered Many-Objective  Evaluation for Fault Identification	2018	Using piezoelectric impedance/admittance sensing for structural healthmonitoring is promising, owing to the simplicity in circuitry design as well asthe high-frequency interrogation capability. The actual identification of faultlocation and severity using impedance/admittance measurements, nevertheless,remains to be an extremely challenging task. A first-principle based structuralmodel using finite element discretization requires high dimensionality tocharacterize the high-frequency response. As such, direct inversion using thesensitivity matrix usually yields an under-determined problem. Alternatively,the identification problem may be cast into an optimization framework in whichfault parameters are identified through repeated forward finite elementanalysis which however is oftentimes computationally prohibitive. This paperpresents an efficient data-assisted optimization approach for faultidentification without using finite element model iteratively. We formulate amany-objective optimization problem to identify fault parameters, whereresponse surfaces of impedance measurements are constructed through Gaussianprocess-based calibration. To balance between solution diversity andconvergence, an -dominance enabled many-objective simulated annealing algorithmis established. As multiple solutions are expected, a voting score calculationprocedure is developed to further identify those solutions that yield betterimplications regarding structural health condition. The effectiveness of theproposed approach is demonstrated by systematic numerical and experimental casestudies.
Non-radiative mid-range wireless power transfer: An experiment for  senior physics undergraduates	2018	A wireless power transfer experiment suitable for senior physicsundergraduates that operates between 3 and 4 MHz is described and demonstratedin detail. The apparatus consists of a pair of identical resonant coils thatcan be moved relative to one another. A signal generator circuit is inductivelycoupled to the transmitting coil using a single loop of wire. Likewise, asingle loop of wire couples the receiving coil to a load impedance. A matchingcircuit was used to tune the impedance of the system of coupled resonators tomatch the 50-$\ohm$ output impedance of the signal generator. A low-cost vectornetwork analyzer was used to characterize the system performance as thedistance between the pair of coils was changed. When the distance between thetransmitting and receiving coils was small, a double resonance emerged. Thefrequency difference between the pair resonances was inversely proportional tothe distance between the coils. After the system was fully characterized, itwas operated with up to 20 W of incident power. Our measurements revealed that,at weak coupling, the fraction of the incident power lost to radiationincreases linearly with the distance between the coils. Finally, we were ableto transmit enough power to dimly light a 60-W incandescent light bulb.
A stable added-mass partitioned (AMP) algorithm for elastic solids and  incompressible flow	2018	A stable added-mass partitioned (AMP) algorithm is developed forfluid-structure interaction (FSI) problems involving viscous incompressibleflow and compressible elastic solids. Deforming composite grids are used toeffectively handle the evolving geometry and large deformations. The fluid isupdated with an implicit-explicit (IMEX) fractional-step scheme whereby thevelocity is advanced in one step, treating the viscous terms implicitly, andthe pressure is computed in a second step. The AMP interface conditions for thefluid arise from the outgoing characteristic variables in the solid and arepartitioned into a Robin (mixed) interface condition for the pressure, andinterface conditions for the velocity. The latter conditions include animpedance-weighted average between fluid and solid velocities using a fluidimpedance of a special form. A similar impedance-weighted average is used todefine interface values for the solid. The new algorithm is verified foraccuracy and stability on a number of useful benchmark problems including aradial-piston problem where exact solutions for radial and azimuthal motionsare found and tested. Traveling wave exact solutions are also derived andnumerically verified for a solid disk surrounded by an annulus of fluid. Fluidflow in a channel past a deformable solid annulus is computed and errors areestimated from a self-convergence grid refinement study. The AMP scheme isfound to be stable and second-order accurate even for very difficult cases ofvery light solids.
Transmission lines and resonators based on quantum Hall plasmonics:  electromagnetic field, attenuation and coupling to qubits	2019	Quantum Hall edge states have some characteristic features that can proveuseful to measure and control solid state qubits. For example, their highvoltage to current ratio and their dissipationless nature can be exploited tomanufacture low-loss microwave transmission lines and resonators with acharacteristic impedance of the order of the quantum of resistance $h/e^2\sim25\mathrm{k\Omega}$. The high value of the impedance guarantees that thevoltage per photon is high and for this reason high impedance resonators can beexploited to obtain larger values of coupling to systems with a small chargedipole, e.g. spin qubits. In this paper, we provide a microscopic analysis ofthe physics of quantum Hall effect devices capacitively coupled to externalelectrodes. The electrical current in these devices is carried by edgemagnetoplasmonic excitations and by using a semiclassical model, valid for awide range of quantum Hall materials, we discuss the spatial profile of theelectromagnetic field in a variety of situations of interest. Also, we performa numerical analysis to estimate the lifetime of these excitations and, fromthe numerics, we extrapolate a simple fitting formula which quantifies the $Q$factor in quantum Hall resonators. We then explore the possibility of reachingthe strong photon-qubit coupling regime, where the strength of the interactionis higher than the losses in the system. We compute the Coulomb couplingstrength between the edge magnetoplasmons and singlet-triplet qubits, and weobtain values of the coupling parameter of the order $100\mathrm{MHz}$;comparing these values to the estimated attenuation in the resonator, we findthat for realistic qubit designs the coupling can indeed be strong.
An Ultra-Wideband THz Absorber Based on Graphene Disks for TM and TE  Modes	2019	In this research paper, an unsophisticated configuration of theultra-wideband THz absorber for transverse electric (TE) and transversemagnetic (TM) modes of the incident THz wave is proposed. The mentionedabsorber consists of two layers of graphene disks and one kind of dielectricthat is utilized for substrates. Graphene disks with periodic structure havebeen recently equalized to the analytical circuit model. So, this circuit modelis considered for developing the equivalent transmission line model for thewhole of the absorber structure. Therefore, the input impedance of the designedabsorber is obtained by the equivalent transmission line theory. And also, thereal part of the input impedance is approximately regulated to be matched tothe free space impedance while the imaginary part of it is closely adjusted tozero around the central frequency of the THz absorber. Using only just twolayers of periodic arrays of graphene disks (PAGDs) with one kind of dielectricas the material of substrates, it causes the bandwidth of 90% absorptionreached up to 128 % of the central frequency in a THz regime.
Simulation of impedance changes with a FEM model of a myelinated nerve  fibre	2019	Objective: Fast neural Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a methodwhich permits imaging of neuronal activity in nerves by measuring theassociated impedance changes (dZ). Due to the small magnitudes of dZ signals,EIT parameters require optimization, which can be done using in silicomodelling: apart from predicting the best parameters for imaging, it can alsohelp to validate experimental data and explain the nature of the observed dZ.This has previously been completed for unmyelinated fibres, but an extension tomyelinated fibres is required for the development of a full nerve model whichcould aid imaging neuronal traffic at the fascicular level and optimiseneuromodulation of the supplied internal organs to treat various diseases.Methods: An active FEM model of a myelinated fibre coupled with external spacewas developed. A spatial dimension was added to the experimentally validatedspace-clamped model of a human sensory fibre using the double cable paradigm.Electrical parameters of the model were changed so that nodal and internodalmembrane potential as well as propagation velocity agreed with experimentalvalues. dZ was simulated during activity under various conditions and theoptimal parameters for imaging were determined. Main Results: When using AC, dZcould be recorded only at frequencies above 4 kHz, which is supported byexperimental data. Optimal bandwidths for dZ measurement were found to increasewith AC frequency. Conclusion and significance: The novel fullybi-directionally coupled FEM model of a myelinated fibre was able to optimizeEIT for myelinated fibres and explain the biophysical basis of the measuredsignals.
Quadrotor Manipulation System: Development of a Robust Contact Force  Estimation and Impedance Control Scheme Based on DOb and FTRLS	2019	The research on aerial manipulation systems has been increased rapidly inrecent years. These systems are very attractive for a wide range ofapplications due to their unique features. However, dynamics, control andmanipulation tasks of such systems are quite challenging because they arenaturally unstable, have very fast dynamics, have strong nonlinearities, arevery susceptible to parameters variations due to carrying a payload besides theexternal disturbances, and have complex inverse kinematics. In addition, themanipulation tasks require estimating (applying) a certain force of (at) theend-effector as well as the accurate positioning of it. Thus, in this article,a robust force estimation and impedance control scheme is proposed to addressthese issues. The robustness is achieved based on the Disturbance Observer(DOb) technique. Then, a tracking and performance low computational linearcontroller is used. For teleoperation purpose, the contact force needs to beidentified. However, the current developed techniques for force estimation havelimitations because they are based on ignoring some dynamics and/or requiringof an indicator of the environment contact. Unlike these techniques, we proposea technique based on linearization capabilities of DOb and a Fast TrackingRecursive Least Squares (FTRLS) algorithm. The complex inverse kinematicsproblem of such a system is solved by a Jacobin based algorithm. The stabilityanalysis of the proposed scheme is presented. The algorithm is tested toachieve tracking of task space reference trajectories besides the impedancecontrol. The efficiency of the proposed technique is enlightened via numericalsimulation.
Ionic Conductivity Of Solid Oxides Hxag1-xtawo6.NH2O: Microstructural  Aspects	2019	"A study of impedance spectroscopy was done for the electricalcharacterization of pyrochlore materials. The experiment consisted ofmeasurements of the dependence of the impedance of such systems with thetemperature during heating (25 to 110 {\deg}C) and cooling (110 to 25 {\deg}C).The goal was to try to avoid the effect of humidity in the impedance spectrum.However, for the sample with x = 0.20, we get an anomalous response of theconductivity during the cooling process. To explain this result, we performedmicro-structure characterization in this sample and in the samples with x =0.80 and 0.67. The result is that the sample with x = 0.20 is wellcharacterized by the model ""easy-path"" because it has high porosity while theother two must have phase precipitate structure type Suzuki. These resultsserved to explain why the anomaly on the Arrhenius plot occurred only in the0.20 concentration sample: microstructure difference. In this study we can alsonote that the doped samples had a dependence of activation energies related tothe rates of concentration. Except for the sample with concentration rate of0.20, the activation energies during cooling are among the values of 0.60 and0.23 eV of their pure counterparts which are registered in the literature."
SwarmTouch: Guiding a Swarm of Micro-Quadrotors with Impedance Control  using a Wearable Tactile Interface	2019	To achieve a smooth and safe guiding of a drone formation by a humanoperator, we propose a novel interaction strategy for a human-swarmcommunication which combines impedance control and vibrotactile feedback. Thepresented approach takes into account the human hand velocity and changes theformation shape and dynamics accordingly using impedance interlinks simulatedbetween quadrotors, which helps to achieve a natural swarm behavior. Severaltactile patterns representing static and dynamic parameters of the swarm areproposed. The user feels the state of the swarm at the fingertips and receivesvaluable information to improve the controllability of the complex formation. Auser study revealed the patterns with high recognition rates. A flightexperiment demonstrated the possibility to accurately navigate the formation ina cluttered environment using only tactile feedback. Subjects stated thattactile sensation allows guiding the drone formation through obstacles andmakes the human-swarm communication more interactive. The proposed technologycan potentially have a strong impact on the human-swarm interaction, providinga higher level of awareness during the swarm navigation.
Surface Reconstruction Limited Conductivity in Block-Copolymer Li  Battery Electrolytes	2019	Solid polymer electrolytes for lithium batteries promise improvements insafety and energy density if their conductivity can be increased.Nanostructured block copolymer electrolytes specifically have the potential toprovide both good ionic conductivity and good mechanical properties. This studyshows that the previously neglected nanoscale composition of the polymerelectrolyte close to the electrode surface has an important effect on impedancemeasurements, despite its negligible extent compared to the bulk electrolyte.Using standard stainless steel blocking electrodes, the impedance of lithiumsalt-doped poly(isoprene-b-styrene-b-ethylene oxide) (ISO) exhibited a markeddecrease upon thermal processing of the electrolyte. In contrast, covering theelectrode surface with a low molecular weight poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) brushresulted in higher and more reproducible conductivity values, which wereinsensitive to the thermal history of the device. A qualitative model of thiseffect is based on the hypothesis that ISO surface reconstruction at thedifferent electrode surfaces leads to a change in the electrostatic doublelayer, affecting electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements. As a mainresult, PEO-brush modification of electrode surfaces is beneficial for therobust electrolyte performance of PEO-containing block-copolymers and may becrucial for their accurate characterization and use in Li-ion batteries.
SwarmTouch: Tactile Interaction of Human with Impedance Controlled Swarm  of Nano-Quadrotors	2019	We propose a novel interaction strategy for a human-swarm communication whena human operator guides a formation of quadrotors with impedance control andreceives vibrotactile feedback. The presented approach takes into account thehuman hand velocity and changes the formation shape and dynamics accordinglyusing impedance interlinks simulated between quadrotors, which helps to achievea life-like swarm behavior. Experimental results with Crazyflie 2.0 quadrotorplatform validate the proposed control algorithm. The tactile patternsrepresenting dynamics of the swarm (extension or contraction) are proposed. Theuser feels the state of the swarm at his fingertips and receives valuableinformation to improve the controllability of the complex life-like formation.The user study revealed the patterns with high recognition rates. Subjectsstated that tactile sensation improves the ability to guide the drone formationand makes the human-swarm communication much more interactive. The proposedtechnology can potentially have a strong impact on the human-swarm interaction,providing a new level of intuitiveness and immersion into the swarm navigation.
A semiclassical analysis of dark state transient dynamics in waveguide  circuit QED	2019	The interaction between superconducting qubits and one-dimensional microwavetransmission lines has been studied experimentally and theoretically in thepast two decades. In this work, we investigate the spontaneous emission of aninitially excited artificial atom which is capacitively coupled to asemi-infinite transmission line, shorted at one end. This configuration can beviewed as an atom in front of a mirror. The distance between the atom and themirror introduces a time-delay in the system, which we take into account fully.When the delay time equals an integer number of atom oscillation periods, theatom converges into a dark state after an initial decay period. The dark stateis an effect of destructive interference between the reflected part of thefield and the part directly emitted by the atom. Based on circuit quantization,we derive linearized equations of motion for the system and use these for asemiclassical analysis of the transient dynamics. We also make a rigorousconnection to the quantum optics system-reservoir approach and compare thesetwo methods to describe the dynamics. We find that both approaches areequivalent for transmission lines with a low characteristic impedance, whilethey differ when this impedance is higher than the typical impedance of thesuperconducting artificial atom.
An Open Torque-Controlled Modular Robot Architecture for Legged  Locomotion Research	2019	We present a new open-source torque-controlled legged robot system, with alow-cost and low-complexity actuator module at its core. It consists of ahigh-torque brushless DC motor and a low-gear-ratio transmission suitable forimpedance and force control. We also present a novel foot contact sensorsuitable for legged locomotion with hard impacts. A 2.2 kg quadruped robot witha large range of motion is assembled from eight identical actuator modules andfour lower legs with foot contact sensors. Leveraging standard plastic 3Dprinting and off-the-shelf parts results in a lightweight and inexpensiverobot, allowing for rapid distribution and duplication within the researchcommunity. We systematically characterize the achieved impedance at the foot inboth static and dynamic scenarios, and measure a maximum dimensionless legstiffness of 10.8 without active damping, which is comparable to the legstiffness of a running human. Finally, to demonstrate the capabilities of thequadruped, we present a novel controller which combines feedforward contactforces computed from a kino-dynamic optimizer with impedance control of thecenter of mass and base orientation. The controller can regulate complexmotions while being robust to environmental uncertainty.
Superscattering from subwavelength corrugated cylinders	2019	Wave scattering from a cylinder with a tensor impedance surface isinvestigated based on the Lorentz-Mie theory. A practical example of such acylinder is a subwavelength metallic rod with helical dielectric-filledcorrugations. The investigation is performed with the aim to maximizescattering cross-section by tailoring the surface impedance of cylindricalscatterers. For the normally incident TEz and TMz waves the required surfaceimpedance of a subwavelength cylinder can be produced by longitudinal (axial)and transverse (circumferential) corrugations, respectively. It is shown thatsuch corrugations induce superscattering at multiple frequencies, which can bewidely tuned with either or both the size and permittivity of dielectric-filledcorrugations. In the microwave band, this effect is demonstrated to be robustto material losses and is validated against the full-wave simulations andexperiment. For the TEz waves the enhanced scattering from the cylinder isfound to have a broad frequency bandwidth, provided that the relativepermittivity of corrugations is low or equal unity. In the latter case, thecorrugated cylinder acts as an all-metal superscatterer. For such cylinders thenear-field measurements are implemented and provide the first experimentalevidence of the superscattering phenomenon for all-metal objects. In additionto multifrequency superscattering, the dielectric-filled corrugations are shownto provide multifrequency cloaking of the cylinder under the incidence of theTMz waves. Simultaneous superscattering and cloaking at multiple frequenciesdistinguishes corrugated cylinders from other known practicable scatterers forpotential applications in antenna designing, sensing, and energy harvesting.
The Day of the Inductance. Problem of the 7-th Experimental Physics  Olympiad, Skopje, 7 December 2019	2019	"This is the problem of the 7-th international Experimental Physics Olympiad""The Day of the Inductance"". A large inductance made by a general impedanceconverter is measured by the Maxwell-Wien bridge. The youngest students (Scategory) have the problem to measure the parameters of the elements in theexperimental set-up. The students at middle age (category M) should balance aWheatstone bridge with resistors only. The inductance measurement is supposedto be accomplished by the students from the upper age (L category) only. Fromthe university students (XL category) we expect error estimation andprofessionally made measurement protocol. As a homework problem (Sommerfeldprice) the general formula for the impedance of the general impedanceconverter, where the general equation for operational amplifiers is included,has to be derived. Problems for further work are also given in the text. Thedescribed set-up can be considered as a prototype for companies producinglaboratory equipment."
Modeling Deformed Transmission Lines for Continuous Strain Sensing  Applications	2019	Transmission lines are essential components in various signal and powerdistribution systems. In addition to their main use as connecting elements,transmission lines can also be employed as continuous sensors for themeasurement and detection of external influences such as mechanical strains anddeformations. The measuring principle is based on deformation-induced changesof the characteristic impedance. Reflections of an injected test signal atresulting impedance mismatches can be used to infer applied deformations. Todetermine the effect of deformations on the characteristic impedance, wedevelop a numerical framework that allows us to solve Maxwell's equations forany desired transmission-line geometry over a wide frequency range. Theproposed framework utilizes a staggered finite-difference Yee method onnon-uniform grids to efficiently solve a set of decoupled partial differentialequations that we derive from the frequency domain Maxwell equations. To testour framework, we compare simulation results with analytical predictions andcorresponding experimental data. Our results suggest that the proposednumerical framework is able to capture experimentally observed deformationeffects and may therefore be used in transmission-line-based deformation andstrain sensing applications. Furthermore, our framework can also be utilized tosimulate and study the electromagnetic properties of complex arrangements ofconductor, insulator, and shielding materials.
On generalized Holmgren's principle to the Lam operator with  applications to inverse elastic problems	2020	Consider the Lam\'e operator $\mathcal{L}(\mathbf{ u} ) :=\mu \Delta\mathbf{u}+(\lambda+\mu) \nabla(\nabla \cdot \mathbf{ u} )$ that arises in thetheory of linear elasticity. This paper studies the geometric properties of the(generalized) Lam\'e eigenfunction $\mathbf{u}$, namely $-\mathcal{L}(\mathbf{u} )=\kappa \mathbf{ u}$ with $\kappa\in\mathbb{R}_+$ and $\mathbf{ u}\inL^2(\Omega)^2$, $\Omega\subset\mathbb{R}^2$. We introduce the so-calledhomogeneous line segments of $\mathbf{u}$ in $\Omega$, on which $\mathbf{u}$,its traction or their combination via an impedance parameter is vanishing. Wegive a comprehensive study on characterizing the presence of one or two suchline segments and its implication to the uniqueness of $\mathbf{u}$. Theresults can be regarded as generalizing the classical Holmgren's uniquenessprinciple for the Lam\'e operator in two aspects. We establish the results byanalyzing the development of analytic microlocal singularities of $\mathbf{u}$with the presence of the aforesaid line segments. Finally, we apply the resultsto the inverse elastic problems in establishing two novel uniqueidentifiability results. It is shown that a generalized impedance obstacle aswell as its boundary impedance can be determined by using at most fourfar-field patterns. Unique determination by a minimal number of far-fieldpatterns is a longstanding problem in inverse elastic scattering theory.
Markov Decision Process Based Design of SWIPT Systems: Non-linear EH  Circuits, Memory, and Impedance Mismatch	2020	In this paper, we study simultaneous wireless information and power transfer(SWIPT) systems employing practical non-linear energy harvester (EH) circuits.Since the voltage across the reactive elements of realistic EH circuits cannotdrop or rise instantaneously, EHs have memory which we model with a Markovdecision process (MDP). Moreover, since an analytical model that accuratelymodels all non-linear effects and the unavoidable impedance mismatch of EHs isnot tractable, we propose a learning based model for the EH circuit. Weoptimize the input signal distribution for maximization of the harvested powerunder a constraint on the minimum mutual information between transmitter (TX)and information receiver (IR). We distinguish the cases where the MDP state isknown and not known at TX and IR. When the MDP state is known, the formulatedoptimization problem for the harvested power is convex. In contrast, if TX andIR do not know the MDP state, the resulting optimization problem is non-convexand solved via alternating optimization, which is shown to yield a stationarypoint of the problem. Our simulation results reveal that the rate-power regionof the considered SWIPT system depends on the symbol duration, the EH inputpower level, the EH impedance mismatch, and the type of EH circuit. Inparticular, a shorter symbol duration enables higher bit rates at the expenseof a significant decrease in the average harvested power. Furthermore, whereashalf-wave rectifiers outperform full-wave rectifiers in the low and mediuminput power regimes, full-wave rectifiers are preferable if the input power atthe EH is high.
Nonlinear Response Approach to Cooper Pair Tunneling in Ultrasmall SIS  Junctions	1995	Single-charge tunneling in ultrasmall voltage biased SIS junctions in ahigh-impedance electromagnetic environment is considered. The Cooper paircurrent is calculated at T=0 on the basis of the elementary tunnel Hamiltonianfor quasiparticles. Therefore, the transfer of Cooper pairs emergesautomatically as an effect of higher order perturbation theory. Thesupercurrent also depends on the dissipative part of the Josephson currentamplitude.
Tunneling through ultrasmall NIS junctions in terms of Andreev  reflection: a nonlinear response approach	1995	The Andreev current through an ultrasmall NIS junction is calculated in asystematic way by means of a nonlinear response approach basing on theelementary Hamiltonian of quasiparticle tunneling. The voltage dependence ofcurrent and differential conductance as well as the Andreev conductance arederived for low- and high-impedance environments, respectively.
Quantum point contact in a compressible Quantum Hall liquid	1997	We consider electron transport through a quantum point contact betweencompressible Quantum Hall liquids and derive the contact's impedance functionfor both diffusive and ballistic regimes of the bulk electron motion. In eitherregime, the tunneling current deviates from a power-law behavior $I\simV^{1/\nu}$ expected on the basis of the single-mode chiral Luttinger liquidphenomenology.
Non-quasiparticle microwave absorption in  $Bi_{2}Sr_{2}CaCu_{2}O_{8+}$	2000	We show that a non-quasiparticle charge collective mode, in parallel andcoincident with the d-wave pair conductivity, leads to a quantitativeunderstanding of microwave surface impedance measurements on superconducting$Bi_{2}Sr_{2}CaCu_{2}O_{8+\delta}$. The analysis suggests an inhomogeneouscharge ground state in $Bi_{2}Sr_{2}CaCu_{2}O_{8+\delta}$ and other HTS.
Field dependent permittivity of composite materials containing  ferromagnetic wires	2002	The effective permittivity of composites containing ferromagnetic microwireshas been analysed within a one-particle approximation, by considering a wirepiece as an independent scatterer and solving the scattering problem with theimpedance boundary condition. A new integro-differential equation for thecurrent distribution in a wire is obtained, which is valid for the surfaceimpedance matrix of a general form. In the vicinity of the antenna resonance,the dispersion behaviour of the effective permittivity can depend strongly on adc external magnetic field applied to the whole composite sample, experiencinga transformation from a resonant spectrum to a relaxation one. If theresonance-like dispersion behaviour is realised, the real part of the effectivepermittivity can be made negative past the resonance for sufficiently smallwire-inclusion concentrations (well below the percolation threshold). Applyinga dc external magnetic field, the negative peak of the real part of effectivepermittivity continuously decreases as the dispersion tends to become of arelaxation type. The magnetic field required to cause these changes in theeffective permittivity is of the order of the anisotropy field, that is, in therange of few Oe for Co-based microwires. The field dependence of the effectivepermittivity arises from a high sensitivity of the ac surface impedance of aferromagnetic wire to a magnetic field (known as the magneto-impedance (MI)effect). This work demonstrates a possibility of using the MI effect to designfield-controlled composites and band-gap structures. Another range ofapplications is related to tuneable waveguides where the composite material isused as an additional field-dependent cover.
Magnetoinductance of Josephson junction array with frozen vortex  diffusion	2003	The dependence of sheet impedance of a Josephson junction array on theapplied magnetic field is investigated in the regime when vortex diffusionbetween array plaquettes is effectively frozen due to low enough temperature.The field dependent contribution to sheet inductance is found to beproportional to f*ln(1/f), where f<<1 is the magnitude of the field expressedin terms of flux quanta per plaquette.
Field and stress tunable microwave composite materials based on  ferromagnetic microwires	2004	New types of tunable composite materials are considered, the effectivemicrowave permittivity of which may depend on an external dc magnetic field ortensile stress. The composites consist of short pieces of conductiveferromagnetic microwires embedded into a dielectric matrix. The short wireinclusions play a role of the elementary scatterers, when the electromagneticwave irradiates the composite and induces a longitudinal current distributionand electrical dipole moment in each inclusion. These induced dipole momentsform the dipole response, which can be characterized by some complex effectivepermittivity. The later may have a resonance or relaxation dispersion caused bythe strong current distribution along a wire, which depends on the wire highfrequency surface impedance. In the vicinity of the resonance frequency anyvariations in the wire surface impedance result in a large change of thecurrent distribution, and hence in the dipole moment of each inclusion and theeffective permittivity on the whole. For a ferromagnetic conductive microwire,the surface impedance may depend not only on its conductivity but also on thedc external magnetic field and tension through the so-called magneto-impedanceeffect (MI). Therefore, the dispersion of the effective permittivity can betuned from a resonance type to a relaxation type, when a sufficient magneticfield or tensile stress is applied to the composite sample. A number ofapplications can be proposed, including the stress-sensitive media for remotenon-destructive health monitoring of different structures, and selectivemicrowave coatings with field-dependent reflection/transmission coefficients.
Resolving Exceptional Configurations in Quenched Lattice QCD	1998	Quenched lattice QCD calculations with Wilson-type fermions at small quarkmasses are impeded by exceptional configurations. We show how this problem canbe resolved in a practicable way without changing the physics in the chirallimit.
Finite Heat conduction in 2D Lattices	2001	This paper gives a 2D hamonic lattices model with missing bond defects, whenthe capacity ratio of defects is enough large, the temperature gradient can beformed and the finite heat conduction is found in the model. The defects in the2D harmonic lattices impede the energy carriers free propagation, by anotherwords, the mean free paths of the energy carrier are relatively short. Themicroscopic dynamics leads to the finite conduction in the model.
A Numerical Study of Absorption by Multilayered Biperiodic Structures	1997	We study the electromagnetic scattering by multilayered biperiodic aggregatesof dielectric layers and gratings of conducting plates. We show that thecharacteristic lengths of such structures provide a good control of absorptionbands. The influence of the physical parameters of the problem (sizes,impedances) is discussed.
Dynamical investigation of macromolecular hybridization bioassays	2002	A novel sensoric technique for the dynamical in situ investigation of ahybridization bio assay is presented, which utilizes a metal bead labelingmethod. Therein, hybridization results in an increased metal coverage on partsof a substrate, where it takes place. Our sensing principle relies on themeasurement of the radio frequency impedance of the hybridization spots. Wepropose several examples for sensor devices.
The dangerous misconceptions of Sir Karl Raimund Popper	2002	Insofar as Sir Karl Raimund Popper's writings deal with political statements,they are evident; yet insofar as they deal with scientific issues, they aremisleading. If applied to the concrete implementation of science, such asdistribution of research funds and (peer) review, they would seriously impedeprogress.
Negative index metamaterial combining magnetic resonators with metal  films	2006	We present simulation results of a design for negative index materials thatuses magnetic resonators to provide negative permeability and metal film fornegative permittivity. We also discuss the possibility of using semicontinuousmetal films to achieve better manufacturability and enhanced impedancematching.
Design and Modeling of a Mems-Based Valveless Pump Driven by an  Electromagnetic Force	2007	A novel valveless micro impedance pump is proposed and analyzed in thisstudy.
Cavity-enhanced absorption for optical refrigeration	2009	A 20-fold increase over the single path optical absorption is demonstratedwith a low loss medium placed in a resonant cavity. This has been applied tolaser cooling of Yb:ZBLAN glass resulting in 90% absorption of the incidentpump light. A coupled-cavity scheme to achieve active optical impedancematching is analyzed.
A parabolic inverse problem with mixed boundary data. Stability  estimates for the unknown boundary and impedance	2011	We consider the problem of determining an unaccessible part of the boundaryof a conductor by mean of thermal measurements. We study a problem of corrosionwhere a Robin type condition is prescribed on the damaged part and we provelogarithmic stability estimate.
"Comment on ""Design of acoustic devices with isotropic material via  conformal transformation"" [Appl. Phys. Lett. 97, 044101 (2010)]"	2012	The paper presents incorrect formulas for the density and bulk modulus undera conformal transformation of coordinates. The fault lies with an improperassumption of constant acoustic impedance.
Summary of session 3 on synchrotron radiation and beam dynamics	2012	"Below we summarize presentations, discussions and general conclusions of theWorkshop session on ""Beam Dynamics Issues"". Major subjects include effects dueto synchrotron radiation (SR), cryogenic loads, electron cloud, impedances,intra-beam scattering (IBS) and beam-beam interactions."
Regina vs Hubbs: Determining the Sun's Position	2012	Here I determined the Sun's position as an expert witness for crown counsel.From my calculations I found the Sun's location in the sky was such that itcould not impede the driver's vision, as a result it could not have been thereason for the accused to be involved in a motor vehicle accident.
The energy costs of biological insulators	2012	"Biochemical signaling pathways can be insulated from impedance andcompetition effects through enzymatic ""futile cycles"" which consume energy,typically in the form of ATP. We hypothesize that better insulation necessarilyrequires higher energy consumption, and provide evidence, through thecomputational analysis of a simplified physical model, to support thishypothesis."
Theory of helicity-sensitive terahertz radiation detection by field  effect transistors	2013	Within the two antenna model, we develop a theory of the recently observedhelicity-sensitive detection of terahertz radiation by FETs. The effect arisesbecause of the mixing of the ac signals produced in the channel by the twoantennas. We calculate the helicity-dependent part of the photoresponse and itsdependence on the antenna impedance, gate length, and gate voltage.
Collective resonant modes of a meta-surface	2013	A periodic layer of resonant scatterers is considered in the dipolarapproximation. An asymptotic expression for the field diffracted is given interms of an impedance operator. It is shown that surface Bloch modes appear asa collective effect due to the resonances of the scatterers.
Study Of Organic Monolayer Modified Metal Oxide Semiconductor Devices  For High Temperature Applications	2014	We report fabrication and characteristics of an organic monolayer based MetalOxide Semiconductor (MOS) device. In place of SiO2 oxide layer in the MOSconfiguration, we used 1H, 1H, 2H, 2H- perfluorooctyl trichlorosilane (FOTS)self-assembled monolayer as a substitution. The MOS device was fabricated bysimple steps like sputter deposition and dip coating method. The device washeat treated to different temperatures to understand its performance andefficiency for high temperature application. The MOS device was heated to150{\deg} C, 350{\deg}C and 550{\deg}C and the energy band gap was found to bevaried in the order 2.5 eV, 3.0 eV and 3.4eV respectively. For non-heatedsample, the energy band gap is 3.4 eV. The results shows that the parameterslike charge mobility ({\mu}), energy band gap, and resistance were found to bedecreased after the heat treatment. The change in the energy band gap due toheat treatment has significantly influenced the I-V and the impedancecharacteristics. We observed that the MOS device started to conduct between 1Vto 3V, further the device conduct till 20V. Impedance analysis show that deviceheated to 350 {\deg}C shows the low impedance but the impedance starts toincrease for further heating up to 550{\deg}C. Using Multi Dielectric EnergyBand Diagram Program (MEBDP) we studied the MOS structure and C-Vcharacteristics and temperature dependent behavior of the devices from 100K to600K. Our experimental work and simulation studies confirm that the FOTS SAMsubstituted MOS device could be used for high temperature applications. Theexperimental observations are well supported by the simulation results. Thisstudy shows that the FOTS organic monolayer are promising substitute for SiO2oxide layer in the MOS and MOSFET which could be used high temperatureapplications.
Improved non-overlapping domain decomposition algorithms for the eddy  current problem	2016	A domain decomposition method is proposed based on carefully chosen impedancetransmission operators for a hybrid formulation of the eddy current problem.Preliminary analysis and numerical results are provided in the spherical caseshowing the potential of these conditions in accelerating the convergence rate
Wavelet methods for shape perception in electro-sensing	2013	This paper aims at presenting a new approach to the electro-sensing problemusing wavelets. It provides an efficient algorithm for recognizing the shape ofa target from micro-electrical impedance measurements. Stability and resolutioncapabilities of the proposed algorithm are quantified in numerical simulations.
AC/RF Superconductivity	2015	This contribution provides a brief introduction to AC/RF superconductivity,with an emphasis on application to accelerators. The topics covered include thesurface impedance of normal conductors and superconductors, the residualresistance, the field dependence of the surface resistance, and thesuperheating field.
A D-bar Algorithm with A Priori Information for Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2015	A method for including a priori information in the 2-D D-bar algorithm ispresented. Two methods of assigning conductivity values to the prior arepresented, each corresponding to a different scenario on applications. Themethod is tested on several numerical examples with and without noise and isdemonstrated to be highly effective in improving the spatial resolution of theD-bar method.
Scattering of scalar waves by many small particles	2011	Formulas are derived for solutions of many-body wave scattering problems bysmall particles in the case of acoustically soft, hard, and impedance particlesembedded in an inhomogeneous medium. The limiting case is considered, when thesize $a$ of small particles tends to zero while their number tends to infinityat a suitable rate. Equations for the limiting effective (self-consistent)field in the medium are derived.
Uniqueness in the inverse conductivity problem for complex-valued  Lipschitz conductivities in the plane	2017	We consider the impedance tomography problem in the plane. Using Bukhgeim'sscattering data for the Dirac problem, we prove that the conductivity isuniquely determined by the Dirichlet-to-Neuman map
Using Ontology-Based Context in the Portuguese-English Translation of  Homographs in Textual Dialogues	2015	This paper introduces a novel approach to tackle the existing gap on messagetranslations in dialogue systems. Currently, submitted messages to the dialoguesystems are considered as isolated sentences. Thus, missing context informationimpede the disambiguation of homographs words in ambiguous sentences. Ourapproach solves this disambiguation problem by using concepts over existingontologies.
Kicker pulsers for recycler NOVA upgrades	2015	An upgrade of the Recycler injection kicker system required a faster risetime pulser. This system required a field rise and fall time of < 57 ns and afield flattop of 1.6 {\mu}s. This paper describes the variety of improvementsmade over the years that have resulted in this latest thyratron pulser. Theeffects of the trigger, the reservoir and the load impedance on delay and risetime will be discussed.
Electrochemical Properties of Cu(II/I)-Based Redox Mediators for  Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	2018	Three Cu(II/I)-phenanthroline and Cu(II/I)-bipyridine redox mediators arestudied on various electrodes and in variety of electrolyte solutions usingcyclic voltammetry and impedance spectroscopy on symmetrical dummy cells.
Impedances of Anisotropic Round and Rectangular Chambers	2018	We consider the calculation of electromagnetic fields generated by anelectron bunch passing through an anisotropic transversally non-homogeneousvacuum chamber of round or rectangular cross-section with translationalsymmetry in the beam direction. The described algorithms are implemented in anumerical code and cross-checked on several examples.
Lagrangian and impedance spectroscopy treatments of electric force  microscopy	2018	Scanning probe microscopy is often extended beyond topographic imaging tostudy electrical forces and sample properties, with the most widely usedexperiment being frequency-modulated Kelvin probe force microscopy. Theequations commonly used to interpret this experiment, however, rely on twohidden assumptions: (1) the tip charge oscillates in phase with the cantilevermotion to keep the tip voltage constant, and (2) any changes in the tip-sampleinteraction happen slowly. Starting from an electro-mechanical model of thecantilever-sample interaction, we use Lagrangian mechanics to derive coupledequations of motion for the cantilever position and charge. This generalapproach rigorously describes scanned probe experiments even in the case whenthe usual assumptions of fast tip charging and slowly changing samplesproperties are violated. We develop a Magnus-expansion approximation toillustrate how abrupt changes in the tip-sample interaction cause abruptchanges in the cantilever amplitude and phase. We show that feedback-freetime-resolved electric force microscopy cannot uniquely determine sub-cyclephotocapacitance dynamics. We then use first-order perturbation theory torelate cantilever frequency shift and dissipation to the sample impedance evenwhen the tip charge oscillates out of phase with the cantilever motion.Analogous to the treatment of impedance spectroscopy in electrochemistry, weapply this approximation to determine the cantilever frequency shift anddissipation for an arbitrary sample impedance in (broadband) local dielectricspectroscopy experiments. The general approaches we develop provide a pathforward for rigorously modeling the coupled motion of the cantilever positionand charge in the wide range of electrical scanned probe microscopy experimentswhere the hidden assumptions of the conventional equations are violated orinapplicable.
Series-connected array of superconductor-insulator-superconductor  junctions in the 100-GHz band heterodyne mixer for FOREST on the Nobeyama  45-m telescope	2018	In this study, we designed and experimentally evaluated a series-connectedarray of superconductor-insulator-superconductor (SIS) junctions in the 100-GHzband mixer for the multi-beam receiver FOREST on the Nobeyama 45-mmillimeter-wave telescope. The construction of the junction chip comprised awaveguide probe antenna, impedance matching circuit, SIS array junction, andchoke filter, which were made from a superconducting niobium planar circuit ona quartz substrate. The multi-stage impedance matching circuit between the feedpoint and the SIS junction was designed as a capacitively loaded transmissionline, and it comprised two sections with high (~90 Ohm) and low (~10 Ohm)characteristic impedance transmission lines. The structure of this tuning linewas simple and easy to fabricate, and the feed impedance matched with the SISjunction in a wide frequency range. The signal coupling efficiency was morethan 92% and the expected receiver noise temperature was approximately twotimes the quantum limit for 75-125 GHz based on quantum theory. The arrayjunction devices with 3-6 connected junctions were fabricated and we measuredtheir performance in terms of the receiver noise temperature and gaincompression in the laboratory. We successfully developed an array junctiondevice with a receiver noise temperature of ~15-30 K and confirmed that theimprovement in the saturation power corresponded to the number of junctions.The newly developed array junction mixer was installed in the FOREST receiverand it successfully detected the 12CO (J = 1-0) molecular line toward IRC+10216with the Nobeyama 45-m telescope.
A stable added-mass partitioned (AMP) algorithm for elastic solids and  incompressible flow: model problem analysis	2018	A stable added-mass partitioned (AMP) algorithm is developed forfluid-structure interaction (FSI) problems involving viscous incompressibleflow and compressible elastic-solids. The AMP scheme remains stable andsecond-order accurate even when added-mass and added-damping effects are large.The fluid is updated with an implicit-explicit (IMEX) fractional-step schemewhereby the velocity is advanced in one step, treating the viscous termsimplicitly, and the pressure is computed in a second step. The AMP interfaceconditions for the fluid arise from the outgoing characteristic variables inthe solid and are partitioned into a Robin (mixed) interface condition for thepressure, and interface conditions for the velocity. The latter conditionsinclude an impedance-weighted average between fluid and solid velocities usinga fluid impedance of a special form. A similar impedance-weighted average isused to define interface values for the solid. The fluid impedance is definedusing material and discretization parameters and follows from a carefulanalysis of the discretization of the governing equations and couplingconditions near the interface. A normal mode analysis is performed to show thatthe AMP scheme is stable for a few carefully-selected model problems. Twoextensions of the analysis in Banks et al. are considered, including afirst-order accurate discretization of a viscous model problem and asecond-order accurate discretization of an inviscid model problem. The AMPalgorithm is shown to be stable for any ratio of solid and fluid densities,including when added-mass effects are large. The algorithm is verified foraccuracy and stability for a set of new exact benchmark solutions where finiteinterface deformations are permitted. The AMP scheme is found to be stable andsecond-order accurate even for very difficult cases of very light solids.
Time-reversal Symmetry in Antenna Theory	2019	Here, I discuss some implications of the time-reversal invariance of losslessradiating systems. I highlight that time-reversal symmetry provides a ratherintuitive explanation for the conditions of polarization and impedance matchingof a receiving antenna. Furthermore, I describe a solution to generate thetime-reversed electromagnetic field through the illumination of a matchedreceiving antenna with a Herglotz wave.
Design of a Low Noise Amplifier	2019	A low-noise amplifier (LNA) amplifies a very low-power signal withoutsignificantly degrading its signal-to-noise ratio. This paper provides thedesign of a linear low noise amplifier with the transistor BFP 640 usingbilateral approach which is well-matched at the design frequency of 3.20 GHzwith maximum transducer gain and low noise figure. Noise is minimized byconsidering trade-offs that include impedance matching and selecting low-noisebiasing conditions.
The Lamb System with a Nonuniform String	2020	The propagator method is applied to investigate the scattering problem in ataut sting with discontinues mass density interacting with a harmonicoscillator. The impedance of string is obtained in terms of its Green'sfunction and then is used to explain its effect on the time evolution ofoscillator. The Green's function of whole system (string $+$ oscillator) isobtained to investigate the response of system to an impulse.
Trapped Modes in the Vacuum Chamber of an Arbitrary Cross Section	1995	It has been shown that a small discontinuity such as an enlargement or a holeon circular waveguides can produce trapped electromagnetic modes withfrequencies slightly below the waveguide cutoff. The trapped modes due tomultiple discontinuities can lead to high narrow-band contributions to thebeam-chamber coupling impedance, especially when the wall conductivity is highenough. To make more reliable estimates of these contributions for realmachines, an analytical theory of the trapped modes is developed in this paperfor a general case of the vacuum chamber with an arbitrary single-connectedcross section. The resonant frequencies and coupling impedances due to trappedmodes are calculated, and simple explicit expressions are given for circularand rectangular cross sections. The estimates for the LHC are presented.
Polarizabilities of an Annular Cut in the Wall of an Arbitrary Thickness	1995	The electric and magnetic polarizabilities of an aperture are its importantcharacteristics in the theory of aperture coupling and diffraction of EM waves.The beam coupling impedances due to a small discontinuity on the chamber wallof an accelerator can also be expressed in terms of the polarizabilities of thediscontinuity. The polarizabilities are geometrical factors which can be foundby solving a static (electric or magnetic) problem. However, they are known inan explicit analytical form only for a few simple-shaped discontinuities, suchas an elliptic hole in a thin wall. In the present paper the polarizabilitiesof a ring-shaped cut in the wall of an arbitrary thickness are studied using acombination of analytical, variational and numerical methods. The results areapplied to estimate the coupling impedances of button-type beam positionmonitors.
Microwave surface impedance of proximity-coupled superconducting (Nb) /  spin-glass (CuMn) bilayers	1998	The surface impedance of Nb/CuMn (superconducting/spin-glass) bilayers hasbeen measured at 10 GHz with the parallel plate resonator technique to obtaininformation about the exotic behavior of the order parameter insuperconducting/magnetic proximity systems. The data strongly differs from thesuperconducting/normal-metal case, showing the magnetic nature of the CuMnlayer, which acts as a weak ferromagnet. The results are described in theframework of two models for the electrodynamics ofsuperconducting/ferromagnetic (S/M) bilayers characterized by aproximity-coupling length scale which is independent of temperature.
Non-linear Microwave Surface Impedance of Epitaxial HTS Thin Films in  Low DC Magnetic Fields	1999	We have carried out non-linear microwave (8 GHz) surface impedancemeasurements of three YBaCuO thin films in dc magnetic fields $H_{dc}$(parallel to c axis) up to 12 mT using a coplanar resonator technique. In zerodc field the three films, deposited by the same method, show a spread oflow-power residual surface resistance, $R_{res}$ and penetration depth,$\lambda$ (T=15 K) within a factor of 1.9. However, they exhibit dramaticallydifferent microwave field, $H_{rf}$ dependences of the surface resistance,$R_s$, but universal $X_s(H_{rf})$ dependence. Application of a dc field wasfound to affect not only absolute values of $R_s$ and $X_s$, but the functionaldependences $R_s(H_{rf})$ and $X_s(H_{rf})$ as well. For some of the samplesthe dc field was found to decrease $R_s$ below its zero-field low-power value.
Unusual features in the nonlinear microwave surface impedance of  Y-Ba-Cu-O thin films	1999	Striking features have been found in the nonlinear microwave (8 GHz) surfaceimpedance $Z_s=R_s + jX_s$ of high-quality YBaCuO thin films with comparablelow power characteristics [$R_{res}\sim 35--60 \mu\Omega$ and $\lambda_L(15K)\sim 130--260 nm$]. The surface resistance $R_s$ is found to increase,decrease, or remain independent of the microwave field $H_{rf}$ (up to 60 mT)at different temperatures and for different samples. However, the surfacereactance $X_s$ always follows the same functional form. Mechanisms which maybe responsible for the observed variations in $R_s$ and $X_s$ are brieflydiscussed.
Anomalous microwave response of high-temperature superconducting  thin-film microstrip resonator in weak dc magnetic fields	1999	We have studied an anomalous microwave (mw) response of superconductingYBa_{2}Cu_{3}O_{7-delta} (YBCO) microstrip resonators in the presence of a weakdc magnetic field, H_{dc}. The surface resistance (R_{s}) and reactance (X_{s})show a correlated non-monotonic behaviour as a function of H_{dc}. R_{s} andX_{s} were found to initially decrease with elevated H_{dc} and then increaseafter H_{dc} reaches a crossover field, H_{c}, which is independent of theamplitude and frequency of the input mw signal within the measurements. Thefrequency dependence of R_{s} is almost linear at fixed H_{dc} with differentmagnitudes (<H_{c}, =H_{c} and >H_{c}). The impedance plane analysisdemonstrates that r_{H}, which is defined as the ratio of the change inR_{s}(H_{dc}) and that in X_{s}(H_{dc}), is about 0.6 at H_{dc}<H_{c} and 0.1at H_{dc}>H_{c}. The H_{dc} dependence of the surface impedance isqualitatively independent of the orientation of H_{dc}.
Single Electron Tunneling at Large Conductance: The Semiclassical  Approach	1999	We study the linear conductance of single electron devices showing Coulombblockade phenomena. Our approach is based on a formally exact path integralrepresentation describing electron tunneling nonperturbatively. Theelectromagnetic environment of the device is treated in terms of theCaldeira-Leggett model. We obtain the linear conductance from the Kubo formulaleading to a formally exact expression which is evaluated in the semiclassicallimit. Specifically we consider three models. First, the influence of anelectromagnetic environment of arbitrary impedance on a single tunnel junctionis studied focusing on the limits of large tunneling conductance and high tomoderately low temperatures. The predictions are compared with recentexperimental data. Second, the conductance of an array of N tunnel junctions isdetermined in dependence on the length N of the array and the environmentalimpedance. Finally, we consider a single electron transistor and compare ourresults for large tunneling conductance with experimental findings.
Phenomenological description of the microwave surface impedance and  complex conductivity of high-$T_c$ single crystals	1999	Measurements of the microwave surface impedance $Z_s(T)=R_s(T)+iX_s(T)$ andof the complex conductivity $\sigma_s(T)$ of high-quality, high-$T_c$ singlecrystals of YBCO, BSCCO, TBCCO, and TBCO are analyzed. Experimental data of$Z_s(T)$ and $\sigma_s(T)$ are compared with calculations based on a modifiedtwo-fluid model which includes temperature-dependent quasiparticle scatteringand a unique temperature variation of the density of superconducting carriers.We elucidate agreement as well as disagreement of our analysis with the salientfeatures of the experimental data. Existing microscopic models are reviewedwhich are based on unconventional symmetry types of the order parameter and onnovel mechanisms of quasiparticle relaxation.
Magneto-impedance of glass-coated Fe-Ni-Cu microwires	1999	The magneto-impedance (MI) of glass-coated Fe-Ni-Cu microwires wasinvestigated for longitudinal radio-frequency (RF) currents up to a frequencyof 200 MHz using an RF lock-in amplifier method. The MI, defined as DZ/Z =[Z(H)-Z(H=0.3T)]/Z(H=0.3T), displays a peak structure (negative MI) at zerofield for RF currents with frequencies less than 20MHz and this crosses over toa sharp dip (positive MI) at higher frequencies. This crossover behavior isascribed to the skin-depth-limited response primarily governed by thefield-dependence of the permeability. Large saturation fields (300 to 600 Oe)and other anomalies indicate the possible influence of giant magneto-resistance(GMR) on the MI.
c-axis penetration depth in Bi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+}$ single  crystals measured by ac-susceptibility and cavity perturbation technique	2000	The $c$-axis penetration depth $\Delta\lambda_c$ inBi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+\delta}$ (BSCCO) single crystals as a function oftemperature has been determined using two techniques, namely, measurements ofthe ac-susceptibility at a frequency of 100 kHz and the surface impedance at9.4 GHz. Both techniques yield an almost linear function$\Delta\lambda_c(T)\propto T$ in the temperature range T<0.5 T_c.Electrodynamic analysis of the impedance anisotropy has allowed us to estimate$\lambda_c(0)\approx 50 \mu$m in BSCCO crystals overdoped with oxygen($T_c\approx 84$ K) and $\lambda_c(0)\approx 150 \mu$m at the optimal dopinglevel ($T_c\approx 90$ K).
Dynamic Impedance of Two-Dimensional Superconducting Films Near the  Superconducting Transition	2000	The sheet impedances, Z(w,T), of several superconducting a-Mo77Ge23 films andone In/InOx film have been measured in zero field using a two-coil mutualinductance technique at frequencies from 100 Hz to 100 kHz. Z(w,T) is found tohave three contributions: the inductive superfluid, renormalized by nonvortexphase fluctuations; conventional vortex-antivortex pairs, whose contributionturns on very rapidly just below the usual Kosterlitz-Thouless-Berezinskiiunbinding temperature; and an anomalous contribution. The latter ispredominantly resistive, persists well below the KTB temperature, and is weaklydependent on frequency down to remarkably low frequencies, at least 100 Hz. Itincreases with T as e-U'(T)/kT, where the activation energy, U'(T), is abouthalf the energy to create a vortex-antivortex pair, indicating that thefrequency dependence is that of individual excitations, rather than criticalbehavior.
Anomalous Features in Surface Impedance of Y-Ba-Cu-O Thin Films:  Dependence on Frequency, RF and DC Fields	2000	Two high-quality Y-Ba-Cu-O thin films on MgO substrates have beeninvestigated using the coplanar resonator technique at 8 and 16 GHz. Both filmsexhibit an anomalous decrease in their surface impedance, Zs as a function ofmicrowave field, Hrf. In zero dc field, Hrf-dependences of Rs and Xs for boththe samples are uncorrelated, and only one of the quantities, Rs or Xs,displays anomalous behavior. Here, application of relatively weak (~5 mT) dcmagnetic fields, Hdc can produce a correlated decrease of Rs(Hrf) and Xs(Hrf).The dependences of Zs on Hdc in both low and high microwave power regimes werefound to be non-monotonic. The frequency dependence of Rs ~ fn, 1.7<n<2.5,remained the same upon the transition from low to high microwave power ranges.The consequences of the reported findings for microwave device applications arebriefly discussed
The frequency, temperature, and magnetic field dependence of  ferromagnetic resonance and anti-resonance in La$_{0.8}$Sr$_{0.2}$MnO$_3$	2000	Employing a broadband microwave reflection configuration, we have measuredthe complex surface impedance, $Z_S(\omega,T,H)$, of single crystalLa$_{0.8}$Sr$_{0.2}$MnO$_3$, as a function of frequency (0.045-45 GHz),temperature (250-325 K), and magnetic field (0-1.9 kOe). The microwave surfaceimpedance depends not only on the resistivity of the material, but also on themagnetic permeability, $\hat\mu(\omega,T,H)$, which gives rise to ferromagneticresonance (FMR) and ferromagnetic anti-resonance (FMAR). The broadband natureof this experiment allows us to follow the FMR to low frequency and to deducethe behavior of both the local internal fields and the local magnetization inthe sample.
Characteristic features of the temperature dependence of the surface  impedance in polycrystalline MgB$_2$ samples	2001	The real $R_s(T)$ and imaginary $X_s(T)$ parts of the surface impedance$Z_s(T)=R_s(T)+iX_s(T)$ in polycrystalline MgB$_2$ samples of different densitywith the critical temperature $T_c\approx 38$ K are measured at the frequencyof 9.4 GHz and in the temperature range $5\le T<200$ K. The normal skin-effectcondition $R_s(T)=X_s(T)$ at $T\ge T_c$ holds only for the samples of thehighest density with roughness sizes not more than 0.1 $\mu$m. For such samplesextrapolation $T\to 0$ of the linear at $T<T_c/2$ temperature dependences$\lambda_L(T)=X_s(T)/\omega\mu_0$ and $R_s(T)$ results in values of the Londonpenetration depth $\lambda_L(0)\approx 600$ \AA and residual surface resistance$R_{res}\approx 0.8$ m$\Omega$. In the entire temperature range the dependences$R_s(T)$ and $X_s(T)$ are well described by the modified two-fluid model.
Temperature dependence of the microwave surface impedance measured on  different kinds of MgB$_2$ samples	2001	In this paper we present the results of measurements of the microwave surfaceimpedance of a powder sample and two films of MgB$_2$. One film has $T_c=30$ Kand is not textured, the other is partially c-axis orientated with $T_c=38$ K.These samples show different types of temperature dependence of the fieldpenetration depth: linear for the powder sample, exponential with$\Delta/kT_c<1.76$ (film with $T_c=30$ K) and strong coupling behaviour with$\Delta/kT_c\sim 2.25$ (film with $T_c=38$ K). The results are well describedin terms of an anisotropic gap model or presence of a slightly deficientMgB$_2$ phase. The data set for all samples - taken as a whole cannot be fittedinto a two gap scenario.
A Magnetization and Microwave Study of Superconducting MgB2	2001	We report magnetic field dependent magnetization and microwave impedancemeasurements on a MgB2 superconductor prepared by high pressure synthesis. Wefind that the upper critical field is linearly dependent on temperature near Tcand the dc irreversibility field exponent is ~1.4. The microwave data displayan excess surface resistance below Tc which is neither observed in low Tc norin high temperature superconductors (HTSC). The real part of the complexconductivity, sigma1, shows a huge maximum below Tc and the imaginary part,sigma2, is linear for temperatures less than 20 K, which can not be simplyaccounted for by the weak coupling BCS model with an s-wave superconductingorder parameter. We speculate that this may be due to the two gaps reported byother studies. Unlike measurements on the high temperature superconductingcuprates, we find no evidence of weak-links in the superconducting state. Byinverting the magnetic field dependent impedance data, we find a vortexdepinning frequency that decreases with increasing magnetic field and evidencefor an anisotropic upper critical magnetic field.
Determination of the parameters of semiconducting CdF2:In with Schottky  barriers from radio-frequency measurements	2001	Physical properties of semiconducting CdF_2 crystals doped with In aredetermined from measurements of the radio-frequency response of a sample withSchottky barriers at frequencies 10 - 10^6 Hz. The dc conductivity, theactivation energy of the amphoteric impurity, and the total concentration ofthe active In ions in CdF_2 are found through an equivalent-circuit analysis ofthe frequency dependencies of the sample complex impedance at temperatures from20 K to 300 K. Kinetic coefficients determining the thermally inducedtransitions between the deep and the shallow states of the In impurity and thebarrier height between these states are obtained from the time-dependentradio-frequency response after illumination of the material. The results on thelow-frequency conductivity in CdF_2:In are compared with submillimeter (10^{11}- 10^{12} Hz) measurements and with room-temperature infrared measurements ofundoped CdF_2. The low-frequency impedance measurements of semiconductorsamples with Schottky barriers are shown to be a good tool for investigation ofthe physical properties of semiconductors.
Nanoscale Electric Phenomena at Oxide Surfaces and Interfaces by  Scanning Probe Microscopy	2002	Scanning Probe Microscopy is used to study and quantify the nanoscaleelectric phenomena in the two classes of oxide systems, namely transport atelectroactive grain boundaries and surface behavior of ferroelectric materials.Scanning Impedance Microscopy is developed to study the capacitance and localC-V characteristic of the interfaces combining the spatial resolution oftraditional SPMs with the precision of conventional electrical measurements.SPM of SrTiO3 grain boundaries in conjunction with variable temperatureimpedance spectroscopy and I-V measurements allowed to find and theoreticallyjustify the effect of field suppression of dielectric constant in the vicinityof the electroactive interfaces in strontium titanate. Similar approaches wereused to study ferroelectric properties and ac and dc transport behavior in anumber of polycrystalline oxides.  In the second part, the effects of local charge density on the chemistry andphysics of ferroelectric surfaces are studied. The kinetics and thermodynamicsparameters of adsorption are assessed by variable temperature SPM.Piezoresponse force microscopy is used to engineer domain patterns onferroelectric surfaces. Localized photochemical activity of ferroelectricsurfaces is explored as a new tool for metallic nanostructures fabrication.
Microwave surface impedance anisotropy of YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_x$ single  crystals with different oxygen content	2003	The linear microwave response of ultra high-quality YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_x$ singlecrystals grown in BaZrO$_3$ crucibles is measured at 9.4 GHz in rf magneticfields parallel and perpendicular to the $ab$-plane in the temperature range5$\leq T\leq 200$ K. Having found the analytic solution for the magnetic fielddistribution on the sample surface we determine both the surface impedance$Z_{ab}=R_{ab}+iX_{ab}$ in the $ab$-plane and $Z_c=R_c+iX_c$ along c-axis ofthe crystals. For the first time the evolution of the $Z_{ab}(T)$ and $Z_c(T)$dependences on the same sample and in a wide range of oxygen content isobtained. For $x=6.95$ (optimum oxygen content) the temperature dependence ofthe imaginary part $\sigma_{c}''(T)/\sigma_{c}''(0)$ of the c-axis conductivityis found to be strikingly similar to that of$\sigma_{ab}''(T)/\sigma_{ab}''(0)$ and becomes more convex with $x$ lowering.
Interface resistances and AC transport in a Luttinger liquid	2003	We consider a Luttinger liquid (LL) connected to two reservoirs when the twosample-reservoir interface resistances $R_{S}$ and $R_{D}$ are arbitrary (notnecessarily quantized at half-the-quantum of resistance). We compute exactlythe dynamical impedance of a Luttinger liquid and generalize earlierexpressions for its dynamical conductance in the following situations. (i) Wefirst consider a gated Luttinger liquid. It is shown that the Luttinger liquidparameters $u$ and $K$ and the interface resistances $R_{S}$ and $% R_{D}$ canbe experimentally determined by measuring both the dynamical conductance andimpedance of a gated wire at second order in frequency. The parallel lawaddition for the charge relaxation resistance $R_{q}$ is explicitly recoveredfor these non-trivial interface resistances as $R_{q}^{-1} = R_{S}^{-1} +R_{D}^{-1}$. (ii) We discuss the AC response when only one electrode isconnected to the LL. (iii) Thirdly we consider application of an arbitrary ACelectric field along the sample and compute the dynamical response of the LLwith arbitrary interface resistances. The discussion is then specialized to thecase of a uniform electric field.
Single-electron transistors in electromagnetic environments	2003	The current-voltage (I-V) characteristics of single-electron transistors(SETs) have been measured in various electromagnetic environments. Some SETswere biased with one-dimensional arrays of dc superconducting quantuminterference devices (SQUIDs). The purpose was to provide the SETs with amagnetic-field-tunable environment in the superconducting state, and ahigh-impedance environment in the normal state. The comparison of SETs withSQUID arrays and those without arrays in the normal state confirmed that theeffective charging energy of SETs in the normal state becomes larger in thehigh-impedance environment, as expected theoretically. In SETs with SQUIDarrays in the superconducting state, as the zero-bias resistance of the SQUIDarrays was increased to be much larger than the quantum resistance R_K = h/e^2= 26 kohm, a sharp Coulomb blockade was induced, and the current modulation bythe gate-induced charge was changed from e periodic to 2e periodic at a biaspoint 0<|V|<2D_0/e, where D_0 is the superconducting energy gap. The authordiscusses the Coulomb blockade and its dependence on the gate-induced charge interms of the single Josephson junction with gate-tunable junction capacitance.
Effect of the shot-noise on a Coulomb blockaded single Josephson  junction	2004	We have investigated how the Coulomb blockade of a mesoscopic Josephsonjunction in a high-impedance environment is suppressed by shot noise from anadjacent junction. The presented theoretical analysis is an extension of thephase correlation theory for the case of a non-Gaussian noise. Asymmetry of thenon-Gaussian noise should result in the shift of the conductance minimum fromzero voltage and the ratchet effect (nonzero current at zero voltage), whichhave been experimentally observed. The analysis demonstrates that a Coulombblockaded tunnel junction in a high impedance environment can be used as aneffective noise detector.
Real Space Imaging of the Microscopic Origins of the Ultrahigh  Dielectric Constant in Polycrystalline CaCu3Ti4O12	2004	The origins of an ultrahigh dielectric constant in polycrystallineCaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) was studied using the combination of impedance spectroscopy,electron microscopy, and scanning probe microscopy (SPM). Impedance spectraindicate that the transport properties in the 0.1 Hz .. 1 MHz frequency rangeare dominated by a single parallel resistive-capacitive (RC) element with acharacteristic relaxation frequency of 16 Hz. Dc potential distributionsmeasurements by SPM illustrate that significant potential drops occur at thegrain boundaries, which thus can be unambiguously identified as the dominant RCelement. High frequency ac amplitude and phase distributions illustrate veryweak contrast at the interfaces, which is indicative of strong capacitivecoupling. These results demonstrate that the ultrahigh dielectric constantreported for polycrystalline CCTO materials are related to the grain boundarybehavior.
Statistics of Impedance, Local Density of States, and Reflection in  Quantum Chaotic Systems with Absorption	2004	We are interested in finding the joint distribution function of the real andimaginary parts of the local Green function for a system with chaotic internalwave scattering and a uniform energy loss (absorption). For a microwave cavityattached to a single-mode antenna the same quantity has a meaning of thecomplex cavity impedance. Using the random matrix approach, we relate itsstatistics to that of the reflection coefficient and scattering phase andprovide exact distributions for systems with beta=2 and beta=4 symmetry class.In the case of beta=1 we provide an interpolation formula which incorporatesall known limiting cases and fits excellently available experimental data aswell as diverse numeric tests.
Influence of voltmeter input impedance on quantum Hall effect  measurements	2004	We report on the influence of voltmeters on measurements of the longitudinalresistance in the quantum Hall effect regime. We show that for typical inputresistances for standard digital lock-in amplifiers the longitudinal resistancecan show a non-zero minimum which might be mistaken for parallel conduction inthe doping layer. In contrast to a real parallel conduction the effectdisappears when either the current source and ground contact are swapped or thepolarity of the B-field is changed. We discuss the influence of inputcapacitances and stray capacitances on the measurement. The data demonstratesthe influence of the voltmeter input impedance on the longitudinal resistancemeasurement.
Off-diagonal magnetoimpedance in field-annealed Co-based amorphous  ribbons	2005	The off-diagonal magnetoimpedance in field-annealed CoFeSiB amorphous ribbonswas measured in the low-frequency range using a pick-up coil wound around thesample. The asymmetric two-peak behavior of the field dependence of theoff-diagonal impedance was observed. The asymmetry is attributed to theformation of a hard magnetic crystalline phase at the ribbon surface. Theexperimental results are interpreted in terms of the surface impedance tensor.It is assumed that the ribbon consists of an inner amorphous region and surfacecrystalline layers. The coupling between the crystalline and amorphous phasesis described through an effective bias field. A qualitative agreement betweenthe calculated dependences and experimental data is demonstrated. The resultsobtained may be useful for development of weak magnetic-field sensors.
High frequency Scanning Gate Microscopy and local memory effect of  carbon nanotube transistors	2005	We use impedance spectroscopy to measure the high frequency properties ofsingle-walled carbon nanotube field effect transistors (swCN-FETs).Furthermore, we extend Scanning Gate Microscopy (SGM) to frequencies up to15MHz, and use it to image changes in the impedance of swCN-FET circuitsinduced by the SGM-tip gate. In contrast to earlier reports, the results ofboth experiments are consistent with a simple RC parallel circuit model of theswCN-FET, with a time constant of 0.3 ms. We also use the SGM tip to show thelocal nature of the memory effect normally observed in swCN-FETs, implying thatnanotube-based memory cells can be miniaturized to dimensions of the order oftens of nm.
The A-B Transition of Superfluid Helium-3 in Aerogel and the Effect of  Anisotropic Scattering	2005	We report the results of high frequency acoustic shear impedance measurementon superfluid helium-3 confined in 98% porosity silica aerogel. Using 8.69 MHzcontinuous wave excitation, we measured the acoustic shear impedance as afunction of temperature for the sample pressure of 28.4 and 33.5 bar. Weobserved the A-B transition on warming in zero magnetic field. Our observationsshow that the A and B phases in aerogel coexist in a temperature range of about100 micro-Kelvin in width. We propose that the difference in the relativestability of the A and B phases, arising from anisotropic scattering, canaccount for our observations.
Tunnel junction as a noise probe	2005	The paper investigates theoretically effects of noise on low-bias parts of$IV$ curves of tunnel junctions. The analysis starts from the effect of shotnoise from an additional (noise) junction on the Coulomb blockaded Josephsonjunction in high-impedance environment. Asymmetry of shot noise characterizedby its odd moments results in asymmetry of the $IV$ curve of the Josephsonjunction. At high currents through the noise junction the $IV$ curve is verysensitive to electron counting statistics. The theory is generalized on anothertype of noise (phase noise of a monochromatic AC input), on a normal Coulombblockaded tunnel junction. The effect of shot noise on the $IV$ curve of asuperconducting Josephson junction in low-impedance environment is alsoanalyzed. From this effect one can obtain information on the time necessary foran electron to tunnel through the junction responsible for shot noise. Insummary, the analysis demonstrates, that the low-bias part of the $IV$ curvesof tunnel junctions can be a sensitive probe of various types of noise.
Magnetic Field and Displacement sensor based on Giant Magneto-impedance  effect	2006	A two-core transducer assembly using a Fe73.5Nb3Cu1Si13.5B9 ribbon to detecta change of magnetic field is proposed and tested for displacement (linear andangular) and current sensor. Two identical inductors, with the ribbon as core,are a part of two series resonance network, and are in high impedance statewhen excited by a small a.c field of 1MHz in absence of d.c biasing field(Hdc). When the magnetic state of one inductor is altered by biasing field,produced by a bar magnet or current carrying coil, an ac signal proportional toHdc is generated by transducer. The results for the sensitivity and linearitywith displacement (linear and angular) of a magnet and with field from thecurrent carrying coil are presented for two particular configurations of thetransducer. High sensitivities of voltage response as much as12micro-volt/micro-meter and 3mV/degree have been obtained for the transduceras a linear and angular displacement sensor respectively in the transverseconfiguration of exciting a.c and biasing d.c fields.
Bloch Oscillations in a Josephson Circuit	2006	Bloch oscillations predicted to occur in current-biased single Josephsonjunctions have eluded direct observation up to now. Here, we demonstratesimilar Bloch oscillations in a slightly richer Josephson circuit, thequantronium. The quantronium is a Bloch transistor with two small junctions inseries, defining an island, in parallel with a larger junction. In the groundstate, the microwave impedance of the device is modulated periodically with thecharge on the gate capacitor coupled to the transistor island. When a currentflows across this capacitor, the impedance modulation occurs at the Blochfrequency, which yields Bloch sidebands in the spectrum of a reflectedcontinuous microwave signal. We have measured this spectrum, and compared it topredictions based on a simple model for the circuit. We discuss the interest ofthis experiment for metrology and for mesoscopic physics.
Macroscopic quantum tunneling in globally coupled series arrays of  Josephson junctions	2006	We present a quantitative analysis of an escape rate for switching from thesuperconducting state to a resistive one in series arrays of globally coupledJosephson junctions. A global coupling is provided by an external shuntingimpedance. Such an impedance can strongly suppress both the crossovertemperature from the thermal fluctuation to quantum regimes, and themacroscopic quantum tunneling (MQT) in short Josephson junction series arrays.However, in large series arrays we obtain an enhancement of the crossovertemperature, and a giant increase of the MQT escape rate. The effect isexplained by excitation of a {\it spatial-temporal charge instanton}distributed over a whole structure. The model gives a possible explanation ofrecently published experimental results on an enhancement of the MQT in singlecrystals of high-$T_c$ superconductors.
Violation of Kirchhoff's Laws for a Coherent RC Circuit	2006	What is the complex impedance of a fully coherent quantumresistance-capacitance (RC) circuit at GHz frequencies in which a resistor anda capacitor are connected in series? While Kirchhoff's laws predict addition ofcapacitor and resistor impedances, we report on observation of a differentbehavior. The resistance, here associated with charge relaxation, differs fromthe usual transport resistance given by the Landauer formula. In particular,for a single mode conductor, the charge relaxation resistance is half theresistance quantum, regardless of the transmission of the mode. The newmesoscopic effect reported here is relevant for the dynamical regime of allquantum devices.
Microwave properties of YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-}$ films with BaZrO$_3$  nanoinclusions	2006	We present measurements of the microwave complex surface impedance at 47.7GHz in YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$ (YBCO) films deposited by pulsed laserdeposition with the explicit goal to introduce BaZrO$_3$ (BZO) nanoinclusions.Composite targets obtained by addition of BZO powder in molar percents rangingfrom 2.5 to 7 mol.% have been prepared and characterized. Measurements of themicrowave surface impedance indicate a broadened transition in zero field,however compensated by a very large pinning frequency, indicating that whileintergrain properties are still to be optimized the effect of nanometricinclusions substantially enhances the intragrain vortex pinning.
Interplay of electromagnetic noise and Kondo effect in quantum dots	2006	We investigate the influence of an electromagnetic environment, characterizedby a finite impedance $Z(\omega)$, on the Kondo effect in quantum dots. Thecircuit voltage fluctuations couple to charge fluctuations in the dot andinfluence the spin exchange processes transferring charge between theelectrodes. We discuss how the low-energy properties of a Kondo quantum dotsubject to dynamical Coulomb blockade resemble those of Kondo impurities inLuttinger liquids. Using previous knowledge based on the bosonization ofquantum impurity models, we show that low-voltage conductance anomalies appearat zero temperature. The conductance can vanish at low temperatures even inpresence of a screened impurity spin. Moreover, the quantitative determinationof the corresponding Kondo temperature depends on the full frequency-dependentimpedance of the circuit. This is demonstrated by a weak-coupling calculationin the Kondo interaction, taking into account the full distribution $P(E)$ ofexcited environmental modes.
Effect of the metal-to-wire ratio on the high-frequency magnetoimpedance  of glass-coated CoFeBSi amorphous microwires	2007	High frequency [1-500 MHz] measurements of the magnetoimpedance (MI) ofglass-coated Co$_{69.4}$Fe$_{3.7}$B$_{15.9}$Si$_{11}$ microwires are carriedout with various metal-to-wire diameter ratios. A twin-peak, anhystereticbehaviour is observed as a function of magnetic field. A maximum in thenormalized impedance, $\Delta Z$/$Z$, appears at different values of thefrequency $f$, 125, 140 and 85 MHz with the corresponding diameter ratio $p$ =0.80, 0.55 and 0.32. We describe the measurement technique and interpret ourresults with a thermodynamic model that leads to a clearer view of the effectsof $p$ on the maximum value of MI and the anisotropy field. The behavior of thereal and imaginary components of impedance is also investigated; they display aresonance that becomes a function of the DC field $H_{DC}$ for values larger orequal to $H_{K}$ the circumferential anisotropy field for each $p $ value.These results are interpreted in terms of a rotation model of the outer shellmagnetization.
Anomalous thresholds and edge singularities in Electrical Impedance  Tomography	1996	Studies of models of current flow behaviour in Electrical ImpedanceTomography (EIT) have shown that the current density distribution variesextremely rapidly near the edge of the electrodes used in the technique. Thisbehaviour imposes severe restrictions on the numerical techniques used in imagereconstruction algorithms. In this paper we have considered a simple twodimensional case and we have shown how the theory of end point/pinchsingularities which was developed for studying the anomalous thresholdsencountered in elementary particle physics can be used to give a completedescription of the analytic structure of the current density near to the edgeof the electrodes. As a byproduct of this study it was possible to give acomplete description of the Riemann sheet manifold of the eigenfunctions of thelogarithmic kernel. These methods can be readily extended to other weaklysingular kernels.
Correlation functions of impedance and scattering matrix elements in  chaotic absorbing cavities	2005	Wave scattering in chaotic systems with a uniform energy loss (absorption) isconsidered. Within the random matrix approach we calculate exactly the energycorrelation functions of different matrix elements of impedance or scatteringmatrices for systems with preserved or broken time-reversal symmetry. Theobtained results are valid at any number of arbitrary open scattering channelsand arbitrary absorption. Elastic enhancement factors (defined through theratio of the corresponding variance in reflection to that in transmission) arealso discussed.
RF Cell Modeling and Experiments for Wakefield Minimization in DARHT-II	2000	Electron beams of linear induction accelerators experience deflective forcescaused by RF fields building up as a result of accelerating cavities of finitesize. These forces can significantly effect the beam when a long linac composedof identical cells is assembled. Recent techniques in computational modeling,simulation, and experiments for 20 MeV DARHT-II (Dual Axis RadiographicHydrodynamic Test) accelerator cells were found to reduce the wakefieldimpedance of the cells from 800 ohms/meter to 350 ohms/meter and experimentalresults confirm the results of the modeling efforts. Increased performance ofthe cell was obtained through a parametric study of the accelerator structure,materials, material tuning, and geometry. As a result of this effort, it wasfound that thickness-tuned ferrite produced a 50% deduction in the wakefieldimpedance in the low frequency band and was easily tunable based on thematerial thickness. It was also found that shaped metal sections allow forhigh-Q resonances to be de-tuned, thus decreasing the amplitude of theresonance and increasing the cell s performance. For the geometries used forthis cell, a roughly 45 degree angle had the best performance in affecting thewakefield modes.
Approximate 3-Dimensional Electrical Impedance Imaging	2000	We discuss a new approach to three-dimensional electrical impedance imagingbased on a reduction of the information to be demanded from a reconstructionalgorithm. Images are obtained from a single measurement by suitablysimplifying the geometry of the measuring chamber and by restricting the natureof the object to be imaged and the information required from the image. Inparticular we seek to establish the existence or non-existence of a singleobject (or a small number of objects) in a homogeneous background and thelocation of the former in the (x,y)-plane defined by the measuring electrodes.Given in addition the conductivity of the object rough estimates of itsposition along the z-axis may be obtained. The approach may have practicalapplications.
Transverse Impedance Bench Measurements in NLC/JLC Accelerating  Structures	2003	The wire method is a more rapid and less costly method to measure impedancesof RF components compared to methods using a beam. A setup using a singledisplaced wire to excite and measure transverse resonant modes in acceleratingstructures for the Next Linear Collider/ Japanese Linear Collider (NLC/JLC) hasbeen built. The RF signal is coupled into and out of the structure using twomatching sections with a broadband frequency from 11 to 18 GHz. Theircontribution to the scattering parameter is minimized by a calibrationtechnique. A standing wave structure has been measured. Difficulties inaccurately predicting the modal loss factors were encountered related to theapproximations made and to experimental issues. The measurements are presentedand comparisons with simulations are made.
Optimized interpolations and nonlinearity in numerical studies of  woodwind instruments	2005	We study the impedance spectra of woodwind instruments with arbitraryaxisymmetric geometry. We perform piecewise interpolations of the instruments'profile, using interpolating functions amenable to analytic solutions of theWebster equation. Our algorithm optimizes on the choice of such functions,while ensuring compatibility of wavefronts at the joining points. Employing astandard mathematical model of a single-reed mouthpiece as well as thetime-domain reflection function, which we derive from our impedance results, wesolve the Schumacher equation for the pressure evolution in time. We makeanalytic checks that, despite the nonlinearity in the reed model and in theevolution equation, solutions are unique and singularity-free.
Magneto-Dielectric Substrates in Antenna Miniaturization: Potential and  Limitations	2006	In the present paper we discuss antenna miniaturization usingmagneto-dielectric substrates. Recent results found in the literature revealthat advantages over conventional dielectric substrates can only be achieved ifnatural magnetic inclusions are embedded into the substrate. This observationis revised and the physical background is clarified. We present a detaileddiscussion concerning magnetic materials available in the microwave regime andcontaining natural magnetic constituents. The effects of magnetic dispersionand loss are studied: constraints on the microwave permeability are used toestimate the effect of magnetic substrates on the achievable impedancebandwidth. Microwave composites filled with thin ferromagnetic films areconsidered as a prospective antenna substrate. We calculate the impedancebandwidth for a $\lambda/2$-patch antenna loaded with the proposed substrate,and challenge the results against those obtained with conventional dielectricsubstrates. It is shown that the radiation quality factor is strongly minimizedwith the proposed substrate even in the presence of realistic losses. Estimatesfor the radiation efficiency are given as a function of the magnetic lossfactor.
The vacuum impedance and unit systems	2006	In electromagnetism, the vacuum impedance $Z_0$ is a universal constant,which is as important as the velocity of light $c$ in vacuum. Unfortunately,however, its significance does not seem to be appreciated so well and sometimesthe presence itself is ignored. It is partly because in the Gaussian system ofunits, which has widely been used for long time, $Z_0$ is a dimensionlessconstant and of unit magnitude. In this paper, we clarify that $Z_0$ is afundamental parameter in electromagnetism and plays major roles in thefollowing scenes: reorganizing the structure of the electromagnetic formula inreference to the relativity; renormalizing the quantities toward natural unitsystems starting from the SI unit system; and defining the magnitudes ofelectromagnetic units.
Microstrip antenna miniaturization using partial dielectric material  filling	2006	In this paper we study microstrip antenna miniaturization using partialfilling of the antenna volume with dielectric materials. An analyticalexpression is derived for the quality factor of an antenna loaded with acombination of two different materials. This expression can be used to optimizethe filling pattern for the design that most efficiently retains the impedancebandwidth after size reduction. Qualitative design rules are given, and aminiaturization example is provided where the antenna performance is comparedfor different filling patterns. Results given by the analytical model areverified with numerical simulations and experiments.  Key words: Microstrip antenna, miniaturization, partial filling, impedancebandwidth, quality factor.
Modeling and Analysis of Composite Antenna Superstrates Consisting on  Grids of Loaded Wires	2007	We study the characteristics and radiation mechanism of antenna superstratesbased on closely located periodical grids of loaded wires. An explicitanalytical method based on the local field approach is used to study thereflection and transmission properties of such superstrates. It is shown thatas a result of proper impedance loading there exists a rather wide frequencyband over which currents induced to the grids cancel each other, leading to awide transmission maximum. In this regime radiation is produced by the magneticdipole moments created by circulating out-of-phase currents flowing in thegrids. An impedance matrix representation is derived for the superstrates, andthe analytical results are validated using full-wave simulations. As apractical application example we study numerically the radiationcharacteristics of dipole antennas illuminating finite-size superstrates.
Impedance Calculations of Non-Axisymmetric Transitions Using the Optical  Approximation	2007	In a companion report, we have derived a method for finding the impedance athigh frequencies of vacuum chamber transitions that are short compared to thecatch-up distance, in a frequency regime that (in analogy to geometric opticsfor light) we call the optical regime. In this report we apply the method tovarious non-axisymmetric geometries such as irises/short collimators in a beampipe, step-in transitions, step-out transitions, and more complicatedtransitions of practical importance. Most of our results are analytical, with afew given in terms of a simple one dimensional integral. Our results arecompared to wakefield simulations with the time-domain, finite-differenceprogram ECHO, and excellent agreement is found.
The Quantum Zeno Effect - Evolution of an Atom Impeded by Measurement	2001	The evolution of a quantum system is supposed to be impeded by measurement ofan involved observable. This effect has been proven indistinguishable from theeffect of dephasing the system's wave function, except in an individual quantumsystem. The coherent dynamics, on an optical E2 line, of a single trapped iondriven by light of negligible phase drift has been alternated withinterrogations of the internal ion state. Retardation of the ion's nutation,equivalent to the quantum Zeno effect, is demonstrated in the statistics ofsequences of probe-light scattering ''on'' and ''off'' detections, the latterrepresenting back-action-free measurement.
"Comment on ""Does the transverse electric zero mode contribute to the  Casimir effect for a metal?"""	2003	Recently J.S. Hoye, I.Brevik, J.B. Aarseth, and K.A. Milton [Phys. Rev. Ev.67, 056116 (2003); quant-ph/0212125] proposed that if the Lifshitz formula iscombined with the Drude model, the transverse electric zero mode does notcontribute to the result for real metals and there arises a linear temperaturecorrection to the Casimir force at small temperatures. The authors claim thatin spite of the fact that the Casimir entropy in their approach is negative,the Nernst heat theorem is satisfied. In the present Comment we show that theauthors' conclusion regarding the Nernst heat theorem is in error. Wedemonstrate also the resolution of this thermodynamic puzzle based on the useof the surface impedance instead of the Drude dielectric function. The resultsof numerical computations obtained by the authors are compared with those fromuse of the surface impedance approach which are thermodynamically consistent.
Violation of the Nernst heat theorem in the theory of thermal Casimir  force between Drude metals	2004	We give a rigorous analytical derivation of low-temperature behavior of theCasimir entropy in the framework of the Lifshitz formula combined with theDrude dielectric function. An earlier result that the Casimir entropy at zerotemperature is not equal to zero and depends on the parameters of the system isconfirmed, i.e. the third law of thermodynamics (the Nernst heat theorem) isviolated. We illustrate the resolution of this thermodynamical puzzle in thecontext of the surface impedance approach by several calculations of thethermal Casimir force and entropy for both real metals and dielectrics.Different representations for the impedances, which are equivalent for realphotons, are discussed. Finally, we argue in favor of the Leontovich boundarycondition which leads to results for the thermal Casimir force that areconsistent with thermodynamics.
On second order shape optimization methods for electrical impedance  tomography	2007	This paper is devoted to the analysis of a second order method for recoveringthe \emph{a priori} unknown shape of an inclusion $\omega$ inside a body$\Omega$ from boundary measurement. This inverse problem - known as electricalimpedance tomography - has many important practical applications and hence hasfocussed much attention during the last years. However, to our best knowledge,no work has yet considered a second order approach for this problem. This paperaims to fill that void: we investigate the existence of second order derivativeof the state $u$ with respect to perturbations of the shape of the interface$\partial\omega$, then we choose a cost function in order to recover thegeometry of $\partial \omega$ and derive the expression of the derivativesneeded to implement the corresponding Newton method. We then investigate thestability of the process and explain why this inverse problem is severelyill-posed by proving the compactness of the Hessian at the global minimizer.
Active metamaterials: sign of refraction index and gain-assisted  dispersion management	2007	We derive an approach to define the causal direction of the wavevector ofmodes in optical metamaterials, which in turn, determines signs of refractiveindex and impedance as a function of {\it real and imaginary} parts ofdielectric permittivity and magnetic permeability. We use the developedtechnique to demonstrate that the interplay between resonant response ofconstituents of metamaterials can be used to achieve efficient dispersionmanagement. Finally we demonstrate broadband dispersion-less index andimpedance matching in active nanowire-based negative index materials. Our workopens new practical applications of negative index composites for broadbandlensing, imaging, and pulse-routing.
Many-body wave scattering by small bodies and applications	2007	A rigorous reduction of the many-body wave scattering problem to solving alinear algebraic system is given bypassing solving the usual system of integralequation. The limiting case of infinitely many small particles embedded into amedium is considered and the limiting equation for the field in the medium isderived. The impedance boundary conditions are imposed on the boundaries ofsmall bodies. The case of Neumann boundary conditions (acoustically hardparticles) is also considered. Applications to creating materials with adesired refraction coefficient are given. It is proved that by embeddingsuitable number of small particles per unit volume of the original materialwith suitable boundary impedances one can create a new material with anydesired refraction coefficient. The governing equation is a scalar Helmholtzequation, which one obtains by Fourier transforming the wave equation.
Distinguishing cancerous from non-cancerous cells through analysis of  electrical noise	2007	Since 1984, electric cell-substrate impedance sensing (ECIS) has been used tomonitor cell behavior in tissue culture and has proven sensitive to cellmorphological changes and cell motility. We have taken ECIS measurements onseveral cultures of non-cancerous (HOSE) and cancerous (SKOV) human ovariansurface epithelial cells. By analyzing the noise in real and imaginaryelectrical impedance, we demonstrate that it is possible to distinguish the twocell types purely from signatures of their electrical noise. Our measuresinclude power-spectral exponents, Hurst and detrended fluctuation analysis, andestimates of correlation time; principal-component analysis combines all themeasures. The noise from both cancerous and non-cancerous cultures showscorrelations on many time scales, but these correlations are stronger for thenon-cancerous cells.
Radio-frequency point-contact electrometer	2007	We fabricate and characterize a radio-frequency semiconductor point-contactelectrometer (RF-PC) analogous to radio-frequency single-electron transistors[RF-SETs, see Science {\bf 280}, 1238 (1998)]. The point contact is formed bysurface Schottky gates in a two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) in anAlGaAs/GaAs heterostructure. In the present setup, the PC is operating as asimple voltage-controlled resistor rather than a quantum point contact (QPC)and demonstrates a charge-sensitivity about $2\times 10^{-1}\mathrm{e/\sqrt{Hz}}$ at a bandwidth of $30 \mathrm{kHz}$ without the use of acryogenic RF preamplifier. Since the impedance of a typical point-contactdevice is much lower than the impedance of the typical SET, asemiconductor-based RF-PC, equipped with practical cryogenic RF preamplifiers,could realize an ultra-fast and ultra-sensitive electrometer.
Investigation of Bioglass-Electrode Interfaces after Thermal Poling	2007	Electrical and electrochemical processes in a bioactive soda-limephosphosilicate glasses and in a bioabsorbable soda-lime phosphate glass duringthermal poling were studied by means of thermally stimulated depolarizationcurrent measurements, ac impedance spectroscopy, and SEM/EDX analyses. Thethermal poling was done by sputtering thin Pt electrode films onto the faces ofthe glass samples and by applying voltages up to 1 kV to the electrodes attemperatures up to 513 K. The poling leads to the formation of interfaciallayers under the electrodes which are responsible for two depolarizationcurrent peaks and for one additional semicircle in a Nyquist plot of the acimpedance. The SEM/EDX profiles suggest that redox and transport processes ofNa+ ions are responsible for the formation of the interfacial layers and thatCa2+ ions are immobile under the poling conditions. The sodium depletion layerunder the anode leads to a negative surface charge of the glass samples whichmay enhance their bioactivity.
Transformed Dissipation in Superconducting Quantum Circuits	2008	Superconducting quantum circuits must be designed carefully to avoiddissipation from coupling to external control circuitry. Here we introduce theconcept of current transformation to quantify coupling to the environment. Wetest this theory with an experimentally-determined impedance transformation of$\sim 10^5$ and find quantitative agreement better than a factor of 2 betweenthis transformation and the reduced lifetime of a phase qubit coupled to atunable transformer. Higher-order corrections from quantum fluctuations arealso calculated with this theory, but found not to limit the qubit lifetime. Wealso illustrate how this simple connection between current and impedancetransformation can be used to rule out dissipation sources in experimentalqubit systems.
Impedance-matched low-pass stripline filters	2008	We have constructed several impedance-matched low-pass filters using astripline geometry with a dissipative dielectric. The filters are compact,simple to construct, and operate in cryogenic environments. The dissipativedielectric consists of magnetically-loaded silicone or epoxy, which arecommercially available under the trade name Eccosorb. For a stripline length of32 mm, the filters have a passband that extends from dc to a 3 dB bandwidthbetween 0.3 and 0.8 GHz. The 3 dB bandwidth can be adjusted beyond this rangeby changing the filter length. An extremely broad stopband at higherfrequencies, with attenuation exceeding 100 dB, is achieved along with a returnloss greater than 10 dB measured up to 40 GHz. This combination of highattenuation and low reflected power across a broad stopband ensures thatspurious or unwanted signals outside the passband do not reach or return to thedevice under test. This type of filter has applications in microwave frequencymeasurements of sensitive non-linear devices such as superconducting heterodynemixers, quantum tunneling devices, and quantum computing elements.
Influence of the losses on the super-resolution performances of an  impedance matched negative index material	2008	We discuss by a Poynting vector analysis how the losses of a negative indexmaterial (NIM) affect the resolution performances of a Veselago-Pendry lens andwe analyze those performances in the framework of the Abbe criterion. Both thelimit of high losses and low losses are explored. We find that the impedancematched NIM is able to resolve 30% better than the limit imposed by the Abbecriterion even when the imaginary part of the refractive index (the materiallosses) exceeds the absolute value of the real part of the refractive index.The NIM is described by a lossy Drude model with equal permittivity andpermeability. By increasing the damping parameter of the Drude model we alsoexplore the regime where both permittivity and permeability are positive andpoint out the conditions under which the metamaterial is still able tosuper-resolve.
Measurement of low energy charge correlations in underdoped spin-glass  La-based cuprates using impedance spectroscopy	2008	We report on the charge kinetics of La_2CuO_4 lightly doped with Li and Sr.Impedance spectroscopy measurements down to 25mK and from 20Hz to 500kHz revealevidence for low energy charge dynamics, which slow down with decreasingtemperature. Both systems are acutely sensitive to stoichiometry. In the caseof Sr substitution, which at higher carrier concentration evolves to a hightemperature superconductor, the ground state in the pseudogap-doping regime isone of spatially segregated, dynamic charge domains. The charge carriers slowdown at substantially lower temperatures than their spin counterparts and thedynamics are particularly sensitive to crystallographic direction. This iscontrasted with the case of Li-doping.
Coulomb blockade for an oscillating tunnel junction	2008	We consider a tunnel junction formed between a fixed electrode and anoscillating one. Accumulation of the charge on the junction capacitor induces aforce on the nano-mechanical oscillator. The junction is voltage biased andconnected in series with an impedance $Z(\omega)$. We discuss how the pictureof Coulomb blockade is modified by the presence of the oscillator. Quantumfluctuations of the mechanical oscillator modify the $I$-$V$ characteristicsparticularly in the strong Coulomb blockade limit. We show that the oscillatorcan be taken into account by a simple modification of the effective impedanceof the circuit. We discuss in some details the case of a single inductance$Z(\omega)=iL\omega$ and of a constant resistance $Z(\omega)=R$. With littlemodifications the theory applies also to incoherent transport in Josephsonjunctions in the tunneling limit.
Upper critical field, penetration depth, and depinning frequency of the  novel high-temperature superconductor LaFeAsO$_{0.9}$F$_{0.1}$ studied by  microwave surface impedance	2008	Temperature and magnetic field dependent measurements of the microwavesurface impedance of superconducting LaFeAsO$_{0.9}$F$_{0.1}$ (\Tc $\approx$26K) reveal a very large upper critical field ($B_{\rm c2} \approx 56$T) and alarge value of the depinning frequency ($f_{0}\approx 6$GHz); together with anupper limit for the effective London penetration depth, $\lambda_{\rm eff} \le200 \rm nm$, our results indicate a strong similarity between this system andthe high-$T_{\rm c}$ superconducting cuprates.
A Thin Electromagnetic Absorber for Wide Incidence Angles and Both  Polarizations	2008	In this paper a planar electromagnetic absorber is introduced whoseperformance is maintained over a wide change of the incidence angle for both TEand TM polarization. The absorber comprises an array of patches over a groundeddielectric slab, with clear advantage in terms of manufacturability. It isshown that a high value of the relative permittivity of the substrate isessential for the operation of the absorber. The main contribution of the paperis to demonstrate and practically use the presence of an additional resonanceof high-impedance surfaces when the plasma frequency of the wire mediumcomprising metallic vias in the dielectric substrate is close to the originalresonance of the high-impedance surface. The presence of the vias between FSSand the ground plane is discussed both for the case of a high-permittivityabsorber and for a low permittivity one. The radius of the vias influences theoblique incidence TM absorption, and when properly designed, the insertion ofthe vias result in bandwidth enlargement and higher absorption.
Synthesis and characterization of chloride doped polyaniline by bulk  oxidative chemical polymerization.Doping effect on electrical conductivity	2008	"Conductive polymers or ""organic metals"" are highly engineered nanostructuredmaterials made from organic building blocks. They are candidates as molecularwires for nanotechnology applications in molecular electronics. The conductionin these polymers is due to the presence of delocalized molecular orbitals. Inthis work, we present the synthesis of chloride doped polyaniline by bulkoxidative chemical polymerization using a solid aniline salt as a monomerinstead of liquid aniline to diminish toxic hazards. The FTIR and UV-visiblespectra confirmed the expected structure of the polymer. The electricalconductivity measured using a four-probe method was 1.7 S/cm. The dependence ofimpedance modulus on frequency was measured using an HP impedance analyzer inthe range 10 kHz-13 MHz. The influence of doping and the preparationtemperature on the electrical conductivity were also investigated."
Effects of Spatial Dispersion on Reflection from Mushroom-type  Artificial Impedance Surfaces	2008	Several recent works have emphasized the role of spatial dispersion in wiremedia, and demonstrated that arrays of parallel metallic wires may behave verydifferently from a uniaxial local material with negative permittivity. Here, weinvestigate using local and non-local homogenization methods the effect ofspatial dispersion on reflection from the mushroom structure introduced bySievenpiper. The objective of the paper is to clarify the role of spatialdispersion in the mushroom structure and demonstrate that under some conditionsit is suppressed. The metamaterial substrate, or metasurface, is modeled as awire medium covered with an impedance surface. Surprisingly, it is found thatin such configuration the effects of spatial dispersion may be nearlysuppressed when the slab is electrically thin, and that the wire medium can bemodeled very accurately using a local model. This result paves the way for thedesign of artificial surfaces that exploit the plasmonic-type response of thewire medium slab.
Low-loss negative refraction by laser induced magneto-electric  cross-coupling	2009	We discuss the feasibility of negative refraction with reduced absorption incoherently driven atomic media. Coherent coupling of an electric and a magneticdipole transition by laser fields induces magneto-electric cross-coupling andnegative refraction at dipole densities which are considerably smaller thannecessary to achieve a negative permeability. At the same time the absorptiongets minimized due to destructive quantum interference and the ratio ofnegative refraction index to absorption becomes orders of magnitude larger thanin systems without coherent cross-coupling. The proposed scheme allows for afine-tuning of the refractive index. We derive a generalized expression for theimpedance of a medium with magneto-electric cross coupling and show thatimpedance matching to vacuum can easily be achieved. Finally we discuss thetensorial properties of the medium response and derive expressions for thedependence of the refractive index on the propagation direction.
Impedance model for the polarization-dependent optical absorption of  superconducting single-photon detectors	2009	We measured the single-photon detection efficiency of NbN superconductingsingle photon detectors as a function of the polarization state of the incidentlight for different wavelengths in the range from 488 nm to 1550 nm. Thepolarization contrast varies from ~5% at 488 nm to ~30% at 1550 nm, in goodagreement with numerical calculations. We use an optical-impedance model todescribe the absorption for polarization parallel to the wires of the detector.For lossy NbN films, the absorption can be kept constant by keeping the productof layer thickness and filling factor constant. As a consequence, we find thatthe maximum possible absorption is independent of filling factor. Byilluminating the detector through the substrate, an absorption efficiency of~70% can be reached for a detector on Si or GaAs, without the need for anoptical cavity.
Interplay Between Structural Randomness, Composite Disorder, and  Electrical Response: Resonances and Transient Delays in Complex Impedance  Networks	2009	We study the interplay between structural and conductivity (composite)disorder and the collective electrical response in random networks models.Translating the problem of time-dependent electrical response (resonance andtransient relaxation) in binary random composite networks to the framework ofgeneralized eigenvalues, we study and analyze the scaling behavior of thedensity of resonances in these structures. We found that by controlling thedensity of shortcuts (topological randomness) and/or the composite ratio of thebinary links (conductivity disorder), one can effectively shape resonancelandscapes, or suppress long transient delays in the corresponding randomimpedance networks.
Huge ac magnetoresistance in La0.7Sr0.3MnO3 in sub- kilo gauss magnetic  fields	2009	We report dynamical magnetotransport in a ferromagnetic metallic oxide,La0.7Sr0.3MnO3 using the ac impedance technique. The temperature dependence ofthe ac resistance(R) and the inductive reactance (X) of the complex impedance(Z = R+jX) under different dc bias magnetic fields (Hdc = 0-1 kOe) were studiedfor different frequencies f = 0.1 to 5 MHz of alternating current. The zerofield R, which decreases smoothly around the Curie temperature TC for f = 100kHz, transforms into a peak for f = 0.5-5 MHz. The peak decreases in amplitude,broadens and shifts downward in temperature as the bias field increases. A hugeac magnetoresistance (= 45 % at f = 2 MHz) in a field of Hdc = 1 kOe is foundand we attribute it to the magnetic field- induced enhancement in the skindepth and concomitant suppression of magnetic fluctuations near TC. Our studysuggests that radio frequency magnetotransport provides an alternative strategyto enhance the magnetoresistance and probe the spin-charge coupling inmanganites.
Fully 3D Multiple Beam Dynamics Processes Simulation for the Tevatron	2009	We present validation and results from a simulation of the Fermilab Tevatronincluding multiple beam dynamics effects. The essential features of thesimulation include a fully 3D strong-strong beam-beam particle-in-cell Poissonsolver, interactions among multiple bunches and both head-on and long-rangebeam-beam collisions, coupled linear optics and helical trajectory consistentwith beam orbit measurements, chromaticity and resistive wall impedance. Wevalidate individual physical processes against measured data where possible,and analytic calculations elsewhere. Finally, we present simulations of theeffects of increasing beam intensity with single and multiple bunches, andstudy the combined effect of long-range beam-beam interactions and transverseimpedance. The results of the simulations were successfully used in Tevatronoperations to support a change of chromaticity during the transition tocollider mode optics, leading to a factor of two decrease in proton losses, andthus improved reliability of collider operations.
Joule heating and high frequency nonlinear effects in the surface  impedance of high Tc superconductors	2009	Using the dielectric resonator method, we have investigated nonlinearities inthe surface impedance Zs = Rs + jXs of YBa2Cu3O7 thin films at 10 GHz asfunction of the incident microwave power level and temperature. The use of arutile dielectric resonator allows us to measure the precise temperature of thefilms. We conclusively show that the usually observed increase of the surfaceresistance of YBa2Cu3O7 thin film as function of microwave power is due tolocal heating.
Modeling and Application of Series Elastic Actuators for Force Control  Multi Legged Robots	2009	"Series Elastic Actuators provide many benefits in force control of robots inunconstrained environments. These benefits include high force fidelity,extremely low impedance, low friction, and good force control bandwidth. SeriesElastic Actuators employ a novel mechanical design architecture which goesagainst the common machine design principal of ""stiffer is better"". A compliantelement is placed between the gear train and driven load to intentionallyreduce the stiffness of the actuator. A position sensor measures thedeflection, and the force output is accurately calculated using Hooke's Law(F=Kx). A control loop then servos the actuator to the desired output force.The resulting actuator has inherent shock tolerance, high force fidelity andextremely low impedance. These characteristics are desirable in manyapplications including legged robots, exoskeletons for human performanceamplification, robotic arms, haptic interfaces, and adaptive suspensions. Wedescribe several variations of Series Elastic Actuators that have beendeveloped using both electric and hydraulic components."
Realization of the farad from the dc quantum Hall effect with  digitally-assisted impedance bridges	2010	A new traceability chain for the derivation of the farad from dc quantum Halleffect has been implemented at INRIM. Main components of the chain are two newcoaxial transformer bridges: a resistance ratio bridge, and a quadraturebridge, both operating at 1541 Hz. The bridges are energized and controlledwith a polyphase direct-digital-synthesizer, which permits to achieve both mainand auxiliary equilibria in an automated way; the bridges and do not includeany variable inductive divider or variable impedance box. The relativeuncertainty in the realization of the farad, at the level of 1000 pF, isestimated to be 64E-9. A first verification of the realization is given by acomparison with the maintained national capacitance standard, where anagreement between measurements within their relative combined uncertainty of420E-9 is obtained.
High coherence hybrid superconducting qubit	2010	We measure the coherence of a new superconducting qubit, the {\emlow-impedance flux qubit}, finding $T_2^* \sim T_1 \sim 1.5\mu$s. It is athree-junction flux qubit, but the ratio of junction critical currents ischosen to make the qubit's potential have a single well form. The low impedanceof its large shunting capacitance protects it from decoherence. This qubit hasa moderate anharmonicity, whose sign is reversed compared with all otherpopular qubit designs. The qubit is capacitively coupled to a high-Q resonatorin a $\lambda/2$ configuration, which permits the qubit's state to be read outdispersively.
Nontrivial in-plane-magnetic-field dependence of THz wave emission from  intrinsic Josephson junctions controlled by surface impedance	2010	In THz wave emission from intrinsic Josephson junctions in in-plane magneticfields, emission intensity strongly depends on the surface impedance $Z$similarly to the case without external magnetic fields. Cavity resonance modesare stabilized for $Z \ge 3$, and the fundamental mode gives the strongestemission. As the in-plane magnetic field increases for a fixed number ofjunctions, dynamical phase transitions seem to occur between the$\pi$-phase-kink state, various incommensurate phase-kink states, and in-phasestate. As $Z$ varies, a crossover of the field profile of maximum intensitytakes place for $Z \approx 50$ between characteristic peaks for smaller $Z$(typically $Z \approx 30$) and monotonic decrease for larger $Z$ (typically $Z\approx 70$). The double-peak structure reported in experiments can beexplained for Z=30 by finite-size analysis with respect to number of junctions.
THz emission from a stacked coherent flux-flow oscillator: non-local  radiative boundary conditions and the role of geometrical resonances	2010	I derive simple non-local dynamic boundary conditions, suitable for modellingof radiation emission from stacked Josephson junctions, and employ them foranalysis of flux-flow emission from intrinsic Josephson junctions in high-$T_c$superconductors. It is shown that due to the lack of Lorenz contraction offluxons in stacked junctions, high quality geometrical resonances areprerequisite for high power emission from the stack. This leads to a dual roleof the radiative impedance: on the one hand, small impedance increases theefficiency of emission from the stack, on the other hand, enhanced radiativelosses reduce the quality factor of geometrical resonances, which may decreasethe total emission power. Therefore, the optimal conditions for the coherentflux-flow oscillator are achieved when radiative losses are comparable toresistive losses inside the stack.
Microwave imaging of mesoscopic percolating network in a manganite thin  film	2010	Many unusual behaviors in complex oxides are deeply associated with thespontaneous emergence of microscopic phase separation. Depending on theunderlying mechanism, the competing phases can form ordered or random patternsat vastly different length scales. Using a microwave impedance microscope, weobserved an orientation-ordered percolating network in strained Nd0.5Sr0.5MnO3thin films with a large period of 100 nm. The filamentary metallic domainsalign preferentially along certain crystal axes of the substrate, suggestingthe anisotropic elastic strain as the key interaction in this system. The localimpedance maps provide microscopic electrical information of the hystereticbehavior in strained thin film manganites, suggesting close connection betweenthe glassy order and the colossal magnetoresistance effects at lowtemperatures.
Lipschitz stability for the electrical impedance tomography problem: the  complex case	2010	In this paper we investigate the boundary value problem ${div(\gamma\nablau)=0 in \Omega, u=f on \partial\Omega$ where $\gamma$ is a complex valued$L^\infty$ coefficient, satisfying a strong ellipticity condition. InElectrical Impedance Tomography, $\gamma$ represents the admittance of aconducting body. An interesting issue is the one of determining $\gamma$uniquely and in a stable way from the knowledge of the Dirichlet-to-Neumann map$\Lambda_\gamma$. Under the above general assumptions this problem is an openissue.  In this paper we prove that, if we assume a priori that $\gamma$ is piecewiseconstant with a bounded known number of unknown values, then Lipschitzcontinuity of $\gamma$ from $\Lambda_\gamma$ holds.
Mbius deconvolution on the hyperbolic plane with application to  impedance density estimation	2010	"In this paper we consider a novel statistical inverse problem on thePoincar\'{e}, or Lobachevsky, upper (complex) half plane. Here the Riemannianstructure is hyperbolic and a transitive group action comes from the space of$2\times2$ real matrices of determinant one via M\""{o}bius transformations. Ourapproach is based on a deconvolution technique which relies on theHelgason--Fourier calculus adapted to this hyperbolic space. This gives aminimax nonparametric density estimator of a hyperbolic density that iscorrupted by a random M\""{o}bius transform. A motivation for this work comesfrom the reconstruction of impedances of capacitors where the above scenario onthe Poincar\'{e} plane exactly describes the physical system that is ofstatistical interest."
Study of magnetic alloy cores for HIRFL-CSRm compressor cavity	2010	For selecting the properly magnetic alloy (MA) material to load the RFcompression cavity, the measurement of the MA cores which is produced by LiyuanCompany has been carried out at IMP. We measured 4 kinds of MA core materials,type V1, V2, A1 and A2. And we mainly focus on the permeability, quality factor(Q value) and shunt impedance of the MA core. The MA cores which have higherpermeability, lower Q value and higher shunt impedance will be selected to loadRF compression cavity. According to the results of measurement, the type V1, V2and A2 material will be chosen as candidate to load RF cavity.
Analytical model to predict the effect of a finite impedance surface on  the propagation properties of a 2D Sonic Crystal	2011	The use of Sonic Crystals as environmental noise barriers has certainadvantages from the acoustical and the constructive point of view with regardto conventional ones. One aspect do not studied yet is the acoustic interactionbetween the Sonic Crystals and the ground due to, up to now, this latter is notincluded in the analytical models used to characterize these Sonic Crystals. Wepresent here an analytical model, based on multiple scattering theory, to studythis interaction considering the ground as a finite impedance surface. Usingthis model we have obtained interesting conclusions that allow to design moreeffectively noise screens based on Sonic Crystals. The obtained results havebeen compared with experimental and numerical, finding a good agreement betweenthem.
Olfactory receptors for a smell sensor: A comparative study of the  electrical responses of rat I7 and human 17-40	2011	In this paper we explore relevant electrical properties of two olfactoryreceptors (ORs), one from rat OR I7 and the other from human OR 17-40, whichare of interest for the realization of smell nanobiosensors. The investigationcompares existing experiments, coming from electrochemical impedancespectroscopy, with the theoretical expectations obtained from an impedancenetwork protein analogue, recently developed. The changes in the response dueto the sensing action of the proteins are correlated with the conformationalchange undergone by the single protein. The satisfactory agreement betweentheory and experiments points to a promising development of a new class ofnanobiosensors based on the electrical properties of sensing proteins.
Consistent formalism for the momentum of electromagnetic waves in  lossless dispersive metamaterials and the conservation of momentum	2011	A new formalism for electromagnetic and mechanical momenta in a metamaterialis developed by means of the technique of wave-packet integrals. The medium hashuge mass density and can therefore be regarded as almost stationary uponincident electromagnetic waves. A clear identification of momentum density andmomentum flow, including their electromagnetic and mechanical parts, isobtained by employing this formalism in a lossless dispersive metamaterial(including the cases of impedance matching and mismatching with vacuum). It isfound that the ratio of the electromagnetic momentum density to the mechanicalmomentum density depends on the impedance and group velocity of theelectromagnetic wave inside the metamaterial. One of the definite results isthat both the electromagnetic momentum and the mechanical momentum in themetamaterial are in the same direction as the energy flow, instead of in thedirection of the wave vector. The conservation of total momentum is verified.In addition, the law of energy conservation in the process of normal incidenceis also verified by using the wave-packet integral of both the electromagneticenergy density and the electromagnetic power density, of which the latter iscaused by the interaction between the induced (polarized) currents and theelectromagnetic wave.
Inverse diffusion problems with redundant internal information	2011	This paper concerns the reconstruction of a scalar diffusion coefficient$\sigma(x)$ from redundant functionals of the form$H_i(x)=\sigma^{2\alpha}(x)|\nabla u_i|^2(x)$ where $\alpha\in\Rm$ and $u_i$ isa solution of the elliptic problem $\nabla\cdot \sigma \nabla u_i=0$ for $1\leqi\leq I$. The case $\alpha=\frac12$ is used to model measurements obtained frommodulating a domain of interest by ultrasound and finds applications inultrasound modulated electrical impedance tomography (UMEIT) as well asultrasound modulated optical tomography (UMOT). The case $\alpha=1$ findsapplications in Magnetic Resonance Electrical Impedance Tomography (MREIT).  We present two explicit reconstruction procedures of $\sigma$ for appropriatechoices of $I$ and of traces of $u_i$ at the boundary of a domain of interest.The first procedure involves the solution of an over-determined system ofordinary differential equations and generalizes to the multi-dimensional caseand to (almost) arbitrary values of $\alpha$ the results obtained in two andthree dimensions in \cite{CFGK} and \cite{BBMT}, respectively, in the case$\alpha=\frac12$. The second procedure consists of solving a system of linearelliptic equations, which we can prove admits a unique solution in specificsituations.
Resistor network approaches to electrical impedance tomography	2011	We review a resistor network approach to the numerical solution of theinverse problem of electrical impedance tomography (EIT). The networks arise inthe context of finite volume discretizations of the elliptic equation for theelectric potential, on sparse and adaptively refined grids that we calloptimal. The name refers to the fact that the grids give spectrally accurateapproximations of the Dirichlet to Neumann map, the data in EIT. Thefundamental feature of the optimal grids in inversion is that they connect thediscrete inverse problem for resistor networks to the continuum EIT problem.
High-order regularized regression in Electrical Impedance Tomography	2011	We present a novel approach for the inverse problem in electrical impedancetomography based on regularized quadratic regression. Our contributionintroduces a new formulation for the forward model in the form of a nonlinearintegral transform, that maps changes in the electrical properties of a domainto their respective variations in boundary data. Using perturbation theory thetransform is approximated to yield a high-order misfit unction which is thenused to derive a regularized inverse problem. In particular, we consider thenonlinear problem to second-order accuracy, hence our approximation methodimproves upon the local linearization of the forward mapping. The inverseproblem is approached using Newton's iterative algorithm and results fromsimulated experiments are presented. With a moderate increase in computationalcomplexity, the method yields superior results compared to those of regularizedlinear regression and can be implemented to address the nonlinear inverseproblem.
On the efficient representation of the half-space impedance Green's  function for the Helmholtz equation	2011	A classical problem in acoustic (and electromagnetic) scattering concerns theevaluation of the Green's function for the Helmholtz equation subject toimpedance boundary conditions on a half-space. The two principal approachesused for representing this Green's function are the Sommerfeld integral and the(closely related) method of complex images. The former is extremely efficientwhen the source is at some distance from the half-space boundary, but involvesan unwieldy range of integration as the source gets closer and closer. Compleximage-based methods, on the other hand, can be quite efficient when the sourceis close to the boundary, but they do not easily permit the use of thesuperposition principle since the selection of complex image locations dependson both the source and the target. We have developed a new, hybridrepresentation which uses a finite number of real images (dependent only on thesource location) coupled with a rapidly converging Sommerfeld-like integral.While our method applies in both two and three dimensions, we restrict thedetailed analysis and numerical experiments here to the two-dimensional case.
Stabilizing Inverse Problems by Internal Data	2011	Several newly developing hybrid imaging methods (e.g., those combiningelectrical impedance or optical imaging with acoustics) enable one to obtainsome auxiliary interior information (usually some combination of the electricalconductivity and the current) about the parameters of the tissues. Thisinformation, in turn, happens to stabilize the exponentially unstable and thuslow resolution optical and electrical impedance tomography.  Various known instances of this effect have been studied individually. Weshow that there is a simple general technique (covering all known cases) thatshows what kind of interior data stabilizes the reconstruction, and why.Namely, we show when the linearized problem becomes ellipticpseudo-differential one, and thus stable. Stability here is meant as theproblem being Fredholm, so the local uniqueness is not shown and probably doesnot hold in such generality.
Microwave Surface Impedance Measurements of the Electronic State and  Dissipation of Magnetic Vortices in Superconducting Iron-Based LiFeAs Single  Crystals	2011	"LiFeAs is one of the iron-based superconductors having multiple gaps with thepossible sign reversal. To clarify how those novel natures affect the energydissipation of magnetic vortices, we investigated the microwave surfaceimpedance of LiFeAs single crystals under finite magnetic fields. The flux-flowresistivity enhanced rapidly at low magnetic fields, which is similar to thecase of MgB$_{2}$. This is probably the consequence of the multiple-gap natureand the gap anisotropy. This suggest that the sign-reversal is not importantfor the flux-flow even for multiple-gap superconductors. As for the electronicstate, the vortex core of LiFeAs turned out to be ""moderately clean"".Furthermore, the mean free path inside the vortex core was much shorter thanthat outside, and was close to the core radius. These results strongly suggesta process specific to the core boundary is important for a scattering mechanisminside the vortex core."
A flexible Bloch mode method for computing complex band structures and  impedances of two-dimensional photonic crystals	2011	We present a flexible method that can calculate Bloch modes, complex bandstructures, and impedances of two-dimensional photonic crystals from scatteringdata produced by widely available numerical tools. The method generalizesprevious work which relied on specialized multipole and FEM techniquesunderpinning transfer matrix methods. We describe the numerical technique formode extraction, and apply it to calculate a complex band structure and todesign two photonic crystal antireflection coatings. We do this for frequenciesat which other methods fail, but which nevertheless are of significantpractical interest.
Charge fluctuations in single-electron tunneling oscillations	2011	It has been predicted that in the presence of a sufficiently high-dissipativeenvironment transport in a small tunnel junction can become extremely regular,giving rise to the phenomenon of single-electron tunneling oscillations. Recentprogress in detection of high-frequency current fluctuations and the interestin single-electron sources motivate further investigations on the expectedaccuracy of the charge oscillations as a function of the impedance of theenvironment. In this paper we study theoretically the charge-fluctuationspectrum at finite frequency for the system at hand, and investigate itsevolution as a function of the external impedance. The evolution and thedisappearance of the single-electron oscillations peak is described byanalytical and numerical methods.
Audio Cards for High-Resolution and Economical Electronic Transport  Studies	2012	We report on a technique for determining electronic transport propertiesusing commercially available audio cards. Using a typical 24-bit audio cardsimultaneously as a sine wave generator and a narrow bandwidth ac voltmeter, weshow the spectral purity of the analog-to-digital and digital-to-analogconversion stages, including an effective number of bits greater than 16 anddynamic range better than 110 dB. We present two circuits for transport studiesusing audio cards: a basic circuit using the analog input to sense the voltagegenerated across a device due to the signal generated simultaneously by theanalog output; and a digitally-compensated bridge to compensate for nonlinearbehavior of low impedance devices. The basic circuit also functions as a highperformance digital lock-in amplifier. We demonstrate the application of anaudio card for studying the transport properties of spin-valve nanopillars, atwo-terminal device that exhibits Giant Magnetoresistance (GMR) and whosenominal impedance can be switched between two levels by applied magnetic fieldsand by currents applied by the audio card.
Interaction-induced impeding of decoherence and anomalous diffusion	2012	We study how the interplay of dissipation and interactions affects thedynamics of a bosonic many-body quantum system. In the presence of bothdissipation and strongly repulsive interactions, observables such as thecoherence and the compressibility display three dynamical regimes: an initialexponential variation followed by a power-law regime and finally a slowexponential convergence to their asymptotic values corresponding to theinfinite temperature state. These very long-time scales arise as dissipationforces the population of states disfavored by interactions. The long-time,strong coupling dynamics are understood by performing a mapping onto aclassical diffusion process displaying non-Brownian behavior. While bothdissipation and strong interactions tend to suppress coherence when actingseparately, we find that strong interaction impedes the decoherence processgenerated by the dissipation.
Quantum Superinductor with Tunable Non-Linearity	2012	We report on the realization of a superinductor, a dissipationless elementwhose microwave impedance greatly exceeds the resistance quantum. The design ofthe superinductor, implemented as a ladder of nanoscale Josephson junctions,enables tuning of the inductance and its nonlinearity by a weak magnetic field.The Rabi decay time of the superinductor-based qubit exceeds 1 microsecond. Thehigh kinetic inductance and strong nonlinearity offer new types offunctionality, including the development of qubits protected from both flux andcharge noises, fault tolerant quantum computing, and high-impedance isolationfor electrical current standards based on Bloch oscillations.
Plasmonic mode converter for controlling optical impedance and nanoscale  light-matter interaction	2012	To enable multiple functions of plasmonic nanocircuits, it is of keyimportance to control the propagation properties and the modal distribution ofthe guided optical modes such that their impedance matches to that of nearbyquantum systems and desired light-matter interaction can be achieved. Here, wepresent efficient mode converters for manipulating guided modes on a plasmonictwo-wire transmission line. The mode conversion is achieved through varying thepath length, wire cross section and the surrounding index of refraction.Instead of pure optical interference, strong near-field coupling of surfaceplasmons results in great momentum splitting and modal profile variation. Wetheoretically demonstrate control over nanoantenna radiation and discuss thepossibility to enhance nanoscale light-matter interaction. The proposedconverter may find applications in surface plasmon amplification, index sensingand enhanced nanoscale spectroscopy.
Implementation of low-loss superinductances for quantum circuits	2012	The simultaneous suppression of charge fluctuations and offsets is crucialfor preserving quantum coherence in devices exploiting large quantumfluctuations of the superconducting phase. This requires an environment withboth extremely low DC and high RF impedance. Such an environment is provided bya superinductance, defined as a zero DC resistance inductance whose impedanceexceeds the resistance quantum $R_Q = h/(2e)^2 \simeq 6.5\ \mathrm{k\Omega}$ atfrequencies of interest (1 - 10 GHz). In addition, the superinductance musthave as little dissipation as possible, and possess a self-resonant frequencywell above frequencies of interest. The kinetic inductance of an array ofJosephson junctions is an ideal candidate to implement the superinductanceprovided its phase slip rate is sufficiently low. We successfully implementedsuch an array using large Josephson junctions ($E_J >> E_C$), and measuredinternal losses less than 20 ppm, self-resonant frequencies greater than 10GHz, and phase slip rates less than 1 mHz.
Reduced-order model for electrical impedance tomography based on proper  orthogonal decomposition	2012	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) is an imaging modality in which theconductivity distribution inside a target is reconstructed based on voltagemeasurements from the surface of the target. Reconstructing the conductivitydistribution is known to be an ill-posed inverse problem, the solutions ofwhich are highly intolerant to modelling errors. In order to achieve sufficientaccuracy, very dense meshes are usually needed in a finite elementapproximation of the EIT forward model. This leads to very high-dimensionalproblems and often unacceptably tedious computations for real-timeapplications. In this paper, the model reduction in EIT is considered withinthe Bayesian inversion framework. We construct the reduced-order model byproper orthogonal decompositions (POD) of the electrical conductivity and thepotential distributions. The associated POD modes are computed based on apriori information on the conductivity. The feasibility of the reduced-ordermodel is tested both numerically and with experimental data. In the selectedtest cases, the proposed model reduction approach speeds up the computation bymore than two orders of magnitude in comparison with the conventional EITreconstruction, without decreasing the quality of the reconstructed imagessignificantly.
Scattering of electromagnetic waves by many nanowires	2012	Electromagnetic wave scattering by many parallel to $z-$axis, thin,impedance, circular infinite cylinders is studied asymptotically as $a\to 0$.Let $D_m$ be the crossection of the $m-$th cylinder, $a$ be its radius, and$\hat{x}_m=(x_{m1},x_{m2})$ be its center, $1\le m \le M$, $M=M(a)$. It isassumed that the points $\hat{x}_m$ are distributed so that$$\mathcal{N}(\Delta)=\frac 1{2\pi a}\int_{\Delta}N(\hat{x})d\hat{x}[1+o(1)],$$ where $\mathcal{N}(\Delta)$ is the number of points $\hat{x}_m$ in anarbitrary open subset $\Delta$ of the plane $xoy$. The function $N(\hat{x})\geq0$ is a given continuous function. An equation for the self-consistent(efficient) field is derived as $a\to 0$. A formula is derived for theeffective refraction coefficient in the medium in which many thin impedancecylinders are distributed. These cylinders may model nanowires embedded in themedium. Our result shows how these cylinders influence the refractioncoefficient of the medium.
Loss of Landau Damping for Bunch Oscillations	2012	Conditions for the existence, uniqueness and stability of self-consistentbunch steady states are considered. For the existence and uniqueness problems,simple algebraic criteria are derived for both the action and Hamiltoniandomain distributions. For the stability problem, van Kampen theory is used. Theonset of a discrete van Kampen mode means the emergence of a coherent modewithout any Landau damping; thus, even a tiny couple-bunch or multi-turn wakeis sufficient to drive the instability. The method presented here assumes anarbitrary impedance, RF shape, and beam distribution function. Available areason the intensity-emittance plane are shown for resistive wall wake and singleharmonic, bunch shortening and bunch lengthening RF configurations. Thresholdscalculated for the Tevatron parameters and impedance model are in agreementwith the observations. These thresholds are found to be extremely sensitive tothe small-argument behaviour of the bunch distribution function. Accordingly, amethod to increase the LLD threshold is suggested. This article summarizes andextends recent author's publications.
Study of the numerical solutions for the Electrical Impedance Equation  in the plane: A pseudoanalytic approach of the forward Dirichlet boundary  value problem	2012	Employing a limiting case of a conjecture for constructing piecewiseseparable-variables functions, the elements of the Pseudoanalytic FunctionTheory are used for numerically approaching solutions of the forward Dirichletboundary value problem, corresponding to the Electrical Impedance Equation inthe plane, when the electrical conductivity is an arbitrary non-vanishingfunction, fully defined within a bounded domain. The new method is studiedconsidering a variety of examples when the bounded domain coincides with theunit circle, and it is also included a description of its behaviour innon-smooth domains, selecting special cases that do not require additionalregularization techniques, for warranting the convergence of the approach atthe non-smooth regions, when certain requirements are fulfilled.
Simulation of BPM and DC-monitor assembly for the NESTOR storage ring by  CST Studio Suite	2012	The piece of NESTOR vacuum chamber with the ceramic insertion for DC-monitorand RF-shields was simulated by using both transient and wake field solvers ofCST Studio Suite. For a 6 mm gap between two RF-shields the contributions ofthe assembly considered to the longitudinal broadband (BB) impedance Z/n andthe loss factor kloss are 0.71 Ohm and 0.21 V/pC, correspondingly. Theseestimates are the second largest after those of the RF-cavity that wereobtained till now for the NESTOR ring components.  Contributions from a beam position monitor (BPM) are also obtained bysimulation and compared with analytical estimates obtained earlier.  We also present in the paper the frequency content of longitudinal impedancein the frequency range from 0 to 16 GHz for all ring components considered.
Current Density Impedance Imaging of an Anisotropic Conductivity in a  Known Conformal Class	2013	We present a procedure for recovering the conformal factor of an anisotropicconductivity matrix in a known conformal class in a domain in Euclidean spaceof dimension greater than or equal to 2. The method requires one internalmeasurement, together with a priori knowledge of the conformal class (localorientation) of the conductivity matrix. This problem arises in thecoupled-physics medical imaging modality of Current Density Impedance Imaging(CDII) and the assumptions on the data are suitable for measurementsdeterminable from cross-property based couplings of the two imaging modalitiesCDII and Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI). We show that the correspondingelectric potential is the unique solution of a constrained minimization problemwith respect to a weighted total variation functional defined in terms of thephysical data. Further, we show that the associated equipotential surfaces arearea minimizing with respect to a Riemannian metric obtained from the data. Theresults are also extended to allow the presence of perfectly conducting and/orinsulating inclusions.
Diffraction of an obliquely incident electromagnetic wave by an  impedance right-angled concave wedge	2013	Scattering of a plane electromagnetic wave by an anisotropic impedanceright-angled concave wedge at skew incidence is analyzed. A closed-formsolution is derived by reducing the problem to a symmetric order-2 vectorRiemann-Hilbert problem (RHP) on the real axis. The problem of matrixfactorization leads to a scalar RHP on a genus-3 Riemann surface. Its solutionis derived by the Weierstrass integrals. Due to a special symmetry of theproblem the associated Jacobi inversion problem is solved in terms of ellipticintegrals, not a genus-3 Riemann \`e-function. The electric and magnetic fieldcomponents are expressed through the Sommerfeld integrals, and the incident andreflected waves are recovered.
Ground Penetrating Radar: Analysis of point diffractors for modeling and  inversion	2013	The three electromagnetic properties appearing in Maxwell's equations aredielectric permittivity, electrical conductivity and magnetic permeability. Thestudy of point diffractors in a homogeneous, isotropic, linear medium suggeststhe use of logarithms to describe the variations of electromagnetic propertiesin the earth. A small anomaly in electrical properties (permittivity andconductivity) responds to an incident electromagnetic field as an electricdipole, whereas a small anomaly in the magnetic property responds as a magneticdipole. Neither property variation can be neglected without justification.Considering radiation patterns of the different diffracting points, diagnosticinterpretation of electric and magnetic variations is theoretically feasiblebut is not an easy task using Ground Penetrating Radar. However, using aneffective electromagnetic impedance and an effective electromagnetic velocityto describe a medium, the radiation patterns of a small anomaly behavecompletely differently with source-receiver offset. Zero-offset reflection datagive a direct image of impedance variations while large-offset reflection datacontain information on velocity variations.
A framework to investigate the immittance responses for finite  length-situations: fractional diffusion equation, reaction term, and boundary  conditions	2013	The Poisson-Nernst-Planck (PNP) diffusional model for the immittance orimpedance spectroscopy response of an electrolytic cell in a finite-lengthsituation is extended to a general framework. In this new formalism, the bulkbehavior of the mobile charges is governed by a fractional diffusion equationin the presence of a reaction term. The solutions have to satisfy a generalboundary condition embodying, in a single expression, most of the surfaceeffects commonly encountered in experimental situations. Among these effects,we specifically consider the charge transfer process from an electrolytic cellto the external circuit and the adsorption-desorption phenomenon at theinterfaces. The equations are exactly solved in the small AC signalapproximation and are used to obtain an exact expression for the electricalimpedance as a funcion of the frequency. The predictions of the model arecompared to and found to be in good agreement with the experimental dataobtained for an electrolytic solution of CdCl2H20.
Proximity-Aware Calculation of Cable Series Impedance for Systems of  Solid and Hollow Conductors	2013	Wide-band cable models for the prediction of electromagnetic transients inpower systems require the accurate calculation of the cable series impedance asfunction of frequency. A surface current approach was recently proposed forsystems of round solid conductors, with inclusion of skin and proximityeffects. In this paper we extend the approach to include tubular conductors,allowing to model realistic cables with tubular sheaths, armors and pipes. Wealso include the effect of a lossy ground. A noteworthy feature of the proposedtechnique is the accurate prediction of proximity effects, which can be ofmajor importance in three-phase, pipe type, and closely-packed single-corecables. The new approach is highly efficient compared to finite elements. Inthe case of a cross-bonded cable system featuring three phase conductors andthree screens, the proposed technique computes the required 120 frequencysamples in only six seconds of CPU time.
Calculating the electromagnetic characteristics of bifacial optical  nanomaterials	2013	We introduce a formalism that describes the interaction of light withbifacial optical nanomaterials. They are artificial noncentrosymmetricmaterials in which counter-propagating waves behave differently. We deriveelectromagnetic material parameters for uniaxial crystalline media in terms ofthe complex transmission and reflection coefficients of a single layer of theconstituent nanoscatterers, which makes the numerical evaluation of theseparameters very efficient. In addition, we present generalized Fresnelcoefficients for such bifacial nanomaterials and investigate the fundamentalrole of higher-order electromagnetic multipoles on the bifaciality. We findthat two counter-propagating waves in the material must experience the samerefractive index, but they can have dramatically different wave impedances. Theuse of our model in practice is demonstrated with a particular example of abifacial nanomaterial that exhibits a directional impedance matching to thesurrounding medium.
A spectrally accurate direct solution technique for frequency-domain  scattering problems with variable media	2013	This paper presents a direct solution technique for the scattering oftime-harmonic waves from a bounded region of the plane in which the wavenumbervaries smoothly in space.The method constructs the interiorDirichlet-to-Neumann (DtN) map for the bounded region via bottom-up recursivemerges of (discretization of) certain boundary operators on a quadtree ofboxes.These operators take the form of impedance-to-impedance (ItI) maps. SinceItI maps are unitary, this formulation is inherently numerically stable, and isimmune to problems of artificial internal resonances. The ItI maps on thesmallest (leaf) boxes are built by spectral collocation on tensor-product gridsof Chebyshev nodes. At the top level the DtN map is recovered from the ItI mapand coupled to a boundary integral formulation of the free space exteriorproblem, to give a provably second kind equation.Numerical results indicatethat the scheme can solve challenging problems 70 wavelengths on a side to9-digit accuracy with 4 million unknowns, in under 5 minutes on a desktopworkstation. Each additional solve corresponding to a different incident wave(right-hand side) then requires only 0.04 seconds.
Use of the Basset coefficient in the calculation of the velocity of a  spheroid slowing down in a viscous incompressible fluid after a sudden  impulse	2013	The motion of a spheroid in a viscous incompressible fluid after a suddensmall impulse in the direction of the symmetry axis is studied on the basis ofthe linearized Navier-Stokes equations. The time-dependence of the spheroidvelocity follows by a Fourier transform from the frequency- dependence of theimpedance involving friction coefficient, body mass, and added fluid mass. Aterm proportional to the square root of frequency in the asymptotic highfrequency expansion of the impedance, with a Basset coefficient, describes theinitial decay in time from the initial value determined by the effective mass.It is shown from numerical evidence based on the exact multipole expansion ofthe solution for the flow field in terms of spheroidal wavefunctions that theknowledge of the Basset coefficient is insufficient for a reliable estimate ofthe deviations from a simple two-pole approximation to the complete behavior intime. The two-pole approximation can be calculated from the effective mass andthe steady state friction coefficient.
The Measurable Q Factor and Observable Energies of Radiating Structures	2013	New expressions are derived to calculate the Q factor of a radiating device.The resulting relations link Q based on the frequency change of the inputimpedance at the input port (Qx, Qz) with expressions based solely on thecurrent distribution on an radiating device. The question of which energies ofa radiating system are observable is reviewed, and then the proposed Q factoras defined in this paper is physical. The derivation is based on potentialtheory rather than fields. This approach hence automatically eliminates alldivergent integrals associated with electromagnetic energies in infinite space.  The new formulas allow us to study the radiation Q factor for antennaswithout feeding (through e.g. Characteristic Modes) as well as fed by anarbitrary number of ports. The new technique can easily be implemented in anynumerical software dealing with current densities. To present the merits ofproposed technique, three canonical antennas are studied. Numerical examplesshow excellent agreement between the measurable Qz derived from input impedanceand the new expressions.
Two-dimensional wave propagation in layered periodic media	2013	We study two-dimensional wave propagation in materials whose properties varyperiodically in one direction only. High order homogenization is carried out toderive a dispersive effective medium approximation. One-dimensional materialswith constant impedance exhibit no effective dispersion. We show that a newkind of effective dispersion may arise in two dimensions, even in materialswith constant impedance. This dispersion is a macroscopic effect of microscopicdiffraction caused by spatial variation in the sound speed. We analyze thisdispersive effect by using high-order homogenization to derive an anisotropic,dispersive effective medium. We generalize to two dimensions a homogenizationapproach that has been used previously for one-dimensional problems.Pseudospectral solutions of the effective medium equations agree to highaccuracy with finite volume direct numerical simulations of thevariable-coefficient equations.
Cellphone based Portable Bacteria Pre-Concentrating microfluidic Sensor  and Impedance Sensing System	2013	Portable low-cost sensors and sensing systems for the identification andquantitative measurement of bacteria in field water are critical in preventingdrinking water from being contaminated by bacteria. In this article, wereported the design, fabrication and testing of a low-cost, miniaturized andsensitive bacteria sensor based on electrical impedance spectroscopy methodusing a smartphone as the platform. Our design of microfluidics enabled thepre-concentration of the bacteria which lowered the detection limit to 10bacterial cells per milliliter. We envision that our demonstratedsmartphone-based sensing system will realize highly-sensitive and rapidin-field quantification of multiple species of bacteria and pathogens.
The Factorization method for three dimensional Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2013	The use of the Factorization method for Electrical Impedance Tomography hasbeen proved to be very promising for applications in the case where one wantsto find inhomogeneous inclusions in a known background. In many situations, theinspected domain is three dimensional and is made of various materials. In thiscase, the main challenge in applying the Factorization method consists incomputing the Neumann Green's function of the background medium. We explain howwe solve this difficulty and demonstrate the capability of the Factorizationmethod to locate inclusions in realistic inhomogeneous three dimensionalbackground media from simulated data obtained by solving the so-called completeelectrode model. We also perform a numerical study of the stability of theFactorization method with respect to various modelling errors.
Expectation Propagation for Nonlinear Inverse Problems -- with an  Application to Electrical Impedance Tomography	2013	In this paper, we study a fast approximate inference method based onexpectation propagation for exploring the posterior probability distributionarising from the Bayesian formulation of nonlinear inverse problems. It iscapable of efficiently delivering reliable estimates of the posterior mean andcovariance, thereby providing an inverse solution together with quantifieduncertainties. Some theoretical properties of the iterative algorithm arediscussed, and the efficient implementation for an important class of problemsof projection type is described. The method is illustrated with one typicalnonlinear inverse problem, electrical impedance tomography with completeelectrode model, under sparsity constraints. Numerical results for realexperimental data are presented, and compared with that by Markov chain MonteCarlo. The results indicate that the method is accurate and computationallyvery efficient.
Constraining the Origin of Magnetar Flares	2013	Sudden relaxation of the magnetic field in the core of a magnetar producesmechanical energy primarily in the form of shear waves which propagate to thesurface and enter the magnetosphere as relativistic Alfv\'en waves. Due to astrong impedance mismatch, shear waves excited in the star suffer manyreflections before exiting the star. If mechanical energy is deposited in thecore and is converted {\em directly} to radiation upon propagation to thesurface, the rise time of the emission is at least seconds to minutes, andprobably minutes to hours for a realistic magnetic field geometry, at odds withobserved rise times of $\lap 10$ ms for both and giant flares. Mechanisms forboth small and giant flares that rely on the sudden relaxation of the magneticfield of the core are rendered unviable by the impedance mismatch, requiringthe energy that drives these events to be stored in the magnetosphere justbefore the flare. ends, unless the waves are quickly damped.
A Data-Driven Edge-Preserving D-bar Method for Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2013	In Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT), the internal conductivity of a bodyis recovered via current and voltage measurements taken at its surface. Thereconstruction task is a highly ill-posed nonlinear inverse problem, which isvery sensitive to noise, and requires the use of regularized solution methods,of which D-bar is the only proven method. The resulting EIT images have lowspatial resolution due to smoothing caused by low-pass filtered regularization.In many applications, such as medical imaging, it is known \emph{a priori} thatthe target contains sharp features such as organ boundaries, as well asapproximate ranges for realistic conductivity values. In this paper, we usethis information in a new edge-preserving EIT algorithm, based on the originalD-bar method coupled with a deblurring flow stopped at a minimal datadiscrepancy. The method makes heavy use of a novel data fidelity term based onthe so-called {\em CGO sinogram}. This nonlinear data step provides superiorrobustness over traditional EIT data formats such as current-to-voltagematrices or Dirichlet-to-Neumann operators, for commonly used current patterns.
Microwave conductivity and superfluid density in strongly overdoped  Tl2201	2013	We present measurements of the microwave surface impedance of thesingle-layer cuprate Tl2201, deep in the overdoped regime, with Tc ~ 25 K.Measurements have been made using cavity perturbation of a dielectric resonatorat 17 discrete frequencies ranging from 2.50 to 19.16 GHz, and at temperaturesfrom 0.12 to 27.5 K. From the surface impedance we obtain the microwaveconductivity, penetration depth and superfluid density. The superfluid densitydisplays a strong linear temperature dependence from 2 to 14 K, indicative ofline nodes in the energy gap. The microwave data are compared with theoreticalpredictions for a d-wave superconductor with point-like impurities, with theconclusion that disorder in Tl2201 acts predominantly in theweak-to-intermediate-strength scattering regime, and that small-anglescattering is important.
Supervised learning of a regression model based on latent process.  Application to the estimation of fuel cell life time	2013	This paper describes a pattern recognition approach aiming to estimate fuelcell duration time from electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurements. Itconsists in first extracting features from both real and imaginary parts of theimpedance spectrum. A parametric model is considered in the case of the realpart, whereas regression model with latent variables is used in the lattercase. Then, a linear regression model using different subsets of extractedfeatures is used fo r the estimation of fuel cell time duration. Theperformances of the proposed approach are evaluated on experimental data set toshow its feasibility. This could lead to interesting perspectives forpredictive maintenance policy of fuel cell.
Lorentz Force Electrical Impedance Tomography	2014	This article describes a method called Lorentz Force Electrical ImpedanceTomography. The electrical conductivity of biological tissues can be measuredthrough their sonication in a magnetic field: the vibration of the tissuesinside the field induces an electrical current by Lorentz force. This current,detected by electrodes placed around the sample, is proportional to theultrasonic pressure, to the strength of the magnetic field and to theelectrical conductivity gradient along the acoustic axis. By focusing atdifferent places inside the sample, a map of the electrical conductivitygradient can be established. In this study experiments were conducted on agelatin phantom and on a beef sample, successively placed in a 300 mT magneticfield and sonicated with an ultrasonic transducer focused at 21 cm emitting 500kHz bursts. Although all interfaces are not visible, in this exploratory studya good correlation is observed between the electrical conductivity image andthe ultrasonic image. This method offers an alternative to detectingpathologies invisible to standard ultrasonography.
MoM-SO: a Complete Method for Computing the Impedance of Cable Systems  Including Skin, Proximity, and Ground Return Effects	2014	The availability of accurate and broadband models for underground andsubmarine cable systems is of paramount importance for the correct predictionof electromagnetic transients in power grids. Recently, we proposed the MoM-SOmethod for extracting the series impedance of power cables while accounting forskin and proximity effect in the conductors. In this paper, we extend themethod to include ground return effects and to handle cables placed inside atunnel. Numerical tests show that the proposed method is more accurate thanwidely-used analytic formulas, and is much faster than existing proximity-awareapproaches like finite elements. For a three-phase cable system in a tunnel,the proposed method requires only 0.3 seconds of CPU time per frequency point,against the 8.3 minutes taken by finite elements, for a speed up beyond 1000 X.
Investigation of Complex Impedance and Modulus Properties of Nd Doped  0.5BiFeO3-0.5PbTiO3 Multiferroic Composites	2014	0.5BiNdxFe1-xO3-0.5PbTiO3 (x=0.05, 0.10, 0.15, 0.20) composites weresuccessfully synthesized by a solid state reaction technique. At roomtemperature X-ray diffraction shows tetragonal structure for all concentrationsof Nd doped 0.5BiFeO3-0.5PbTiO3 composites. The nature of Nyquist plot confirmsthe presence of bulk effects only for all compositions of Nd-doped0.5BiFeO3-0.5PbTiO3 composites. The bulk resistance is found to decreases withthe increasing in temperature as well as Nd concentration and exhibits atypical negative temperature coefficient of resistance (NTCR) behavior. Boththe complex impedance and modulus studies have suggested the presence ofnon-Debye type of relaxation in the materials. Conductivity spectra reveal thepresence of hopping mechanism in the electrical transport process of thematerials. The activation energy of the composite increases with increasing Ndconcentration and were found to be 0.28, 0.27, 0.31 and 0.32eV for x=0.05,0.10, 0.15, 0.20 respectively at 200-275 oC for conduction process.
Q factors for antennas in dispersive media	2014	Stored energy and Q-factors are used to quantify the performance of smallantennas. Accurate and efficient evaluation of the stored energy is alsoessential for current optimization and the associated physical bounds. Here, itis shown that the frequency derivative of the input impedance and the storedenergy can be determined from the frequency derivative of the electric fieldintegral equation. The expressions for the differentiated input impedance andstored energies differ by the use of a transpose and Hermitian transpose in thequadratic forms. The quadratic forms also provide simple single frequencyformulas for the corresponding Q-factors. The expressions are furthergeneralized to antennas integrated in temporally dispersive media. Numericalexamples that compare the different Q-factors are presented for dipole and loopantennas in conductive, Debye, Lorentz, and Drude media. The computed Q-factorsare also verified with the Q-factor obtained from the stored energy in Brunesynthesized circuit models.
Diffraction by a right-angled impedance wedge: an edge source  formulation	2014	This paper concerns the frequency domain problem of diffraction of a planewave incident on an infinite right-angled wedge on which impedance (absorbing)boundary conditions are imposed. It is demonstrated that the exactSommerfeld-Malyuzhinets contour integral solution for the diffracted field canbe transformed to a line integral over a physical variable along thediffracting edge. This integral can be interpreted as a superposition ofsecondary point sources (with directivity) positioned along the edge, in thespirit of the edge source formulations for rigid (sound-hard) wedges derived in[Svensson et al., Acta Acustica/Acustica 95, 2009, pp.~568-572]. However, whensurface waves are present the physical interpretation of the edge sourceintegral must be altered: it no longer represents solely the diffracted field,but rather includes surface wave contributions.
Diffraction by an impedance strip I. Reducing diffraction problem to  Riemann-Hilbert problems	2014	A 2D problem of acoustic wave scattering by a segment bearing impedanceboundary conditions is considered. In the current paper (the first part of aseries of two) some preliminary steps are made, namely, the diffraction problemis reduced to two matrix Riemann-Hilbert problems with exponential growth ofunknown functions (for the symmetrical part and for the antisymmetrical part).For this, the Wiener--Hopf problems are formulated, they are reduced toauxiliary functional problems by applying the embedding formula, and finallythe Riemann-Hilbert problems are formulated by applying the Hurd's method.  In the second part the Riemann-Hilbert problems will be solved by a novelmethod of OE-equation.
Diffraction by an impedance strip II. Solving Riemann-Hilbert problems  by OE-equation method	2014	The current paper is the second part of a series of two papers dedicated to2D problem of diffraction of acoustic waves by a segment bearing impedanceboundary conditions. In the first part some preliminary steps were made,namely, the problem was reduced to two matrix Riemann-Hilbert problem. Here theRiemann-Hilbert problems are solved with the help of a novel method ofOE-equations.  Each Riemann-Hilbert problem is embedded into a family of similar problemswith the same coefficient and growth condition, but with some other cuts. Thefamily is indexed by an artificial parameter. It is proven that the dependenceof the solution on this parameter can be described by a simple ordinarydifferential equation (ODE1). The boundary conditions for this equation areknown and the inverse problem of reconstruction of the coefficient of ODE1 fromthe boundary conditions is formulated. This problem is called the OE-equation.The OE-equation is solved by a simple numerical algorithm.
Numerical method for solving electromagnetic scattering problem by many  small impedance bodies	2014	In this paper, we study the problem of electromagnetic (EM) wave scatteringby many small impedance bodies. A numerical method for solving this problem ispresented. The problem is solved under the physical assumptions $a\ll d \ll\lambda$, where $a$ is the characteristic size of the bodies, $d$ is theminimal distance between neighboring bodies, $\lambda=2\pi/k$ is the wavelength and $k$ is the wave number. This problem is solved asymptotically andnumerical results for the cases of 125 and 1000 small bodies are presented toillustrate the method. Error estimates for the asymptotic solutions are alsoprovided.
Design and experimental study of superconducting left-handed  transmission lines with tunable dispersion and improved impedance match	2014	We continue detailed study of microwave properties of a superconductingleft-handed tunable CPW transmission line (LHTL). The line consists of acentral conductor, loaded with series of Josephson junctions as fixedinductors; the line is shunted with SQUIDs as tunable inductors. The inductanceof the SQUIDs is varied in the range of 0.08-0.5 nH by applying an external dcmagnetic field. The circuit is designed to have left- and right-handedtransmission bands separated by a variable rejection band. At zero magneticfield, we observed only one pass-band between 8 and 10 GHz within the frequencyrange of 8-12 GHz. The rejection band is anticipated to appear between 10 GHzand 11 GHz by design, and it has been detected in our previous work. To solvethe problem of standing waves and RF leak in measurements of our experimental20-cell LHTL, we have designed a high-ratio (5-50 Ohm) wideband (8-11 GHz)impedance transformer integrated at the chip, along with improved sampleholder. The experimental data are compared with numerical simulations.
3D Reconstruction for Partial Data Electrical Impedance Tomography Using  a Sparsity Prior	2014	In electrical impedance tomography the electrical conductivity inside aphysical body is computed from electro-static boundary measurements. The focusof this paper is to extend recent result for the 2D problem to 3D. Priorinformation about the sparsity and spatial distribution of the conductivity isused to improve reconstructions for the partial data problem with Cauchy datameasured only on a subset of the boundary. A sparsity prior is enforced usingthe $\ell_1$ norm in the penalty term of a Tikhonov functional, and spatialprior information is incorporated by applying a spatially distributedregularization parameter. The optimization problem is solved numerically usinga generalized conditional gradient method with soft thresholding. Numericalexamples show the effectiveness of the suggested method even for the partialdata problem with measurements affected by noise.
Low-Frequency Resonance in Strong Heterogeneity	2015	Multiple scattering of wave in strong heterogeneity can cause resonance-likewave anomaly where the signal exhibits low-frequency, high intensity, andslowly propagating wave packet velocity. For example, long period event involcanic seismology and plasma oscillations in wave-particle interactions.Collective behaviour in a many-body system is thought to be the source forgenerating the anomaly, however the detailed mechanism is not fully understood.Here I show that the physical mechanism is associated with low-frequencyresonance (LFR) in strong small-scale heterogeneity through seismic wave fieldmodeling for bubble cloud heterogeneity and 1D heterogeneity. LFR is a kind ofwave coherent scattering enhancement or emergence phenomenon that occurs intransient regime. Its resonance frequency decreases with increasingheterogeneous scale, impedance contrast, or random heterogeneous scale andvelocity fluctuations; its intensity diminishes with decreasing impedancecontrast or increasing random heterogeneous scale and velocity fluctuations.LRF exhibits the characteristics of localized wave in space and the shape ofocean wave in time and is a ubiquitous wave phenomenon in wave physics. Theconcept of LFR can open up new opportunities in many aspects of science andengineering.
Origin of coda waves: earthquake source resonance	2015	Coda in local earthquake exhibits resonance-like wave behaviour where thecoda emerges as long-duration small-amplitude vibration with selectivefrequency, slow temporal decay, and uniform spatial energy distribution aroundthe earthquake source. Coda is thought to be the incoherent waves scatteredfrom random small-scale heterogeneity in the earth's lithosphere. Here I showthat the coda is primarily attributed to the natural resonance in strongsmall-scale heterogeneity around the earthquake's hypocenter through seismicwave field modeling for 1D heterogeneity. The natural resonance is evolved fromthe low frequency resonance (LFR) in transient regime and is an emergentphenomenon that occurs in steady state regime. Its resonance frequencydecreases with increasing heterogeneous scale, impedance contrast, or randomheterogeneous scale and velocity fluctuations; its intensity diminishes withdecreasing impedance contrast or increasing random heterogeneous scale andvelocity fluctuations.
Transport Conductivity of Graphene at RF and Microwave Frequencies	2015	We measure graphene coplanar waveguides from direct current (DC) to 13.5GHzand show that the apparent resistance (in the presence of parasitic impedances)has an quadratic frequency dependence, but the intrinsic conductivity (withoutthe influence of parasitic impedances) is frequency-independent. Consequently,in our devices the real part of the complex alternating current conductivity isthe same as the DC value and the imaginary part~0. The graphene channel ismodelled as a parallel resistive-capacitive network with a frequency dependenceidentical to that of the Drude conductivity with momentum relaxationtime~2.1ps, highlighting the influence of alternating current (AC) electrontransport on the electromagnetic properties of graphene. This can lead tooptimized design of high-speed analogue field-effect transistors, mixers,frequency doublers, low-noise amplifiers and radiation detectors.
Finding the effective structure parameters for suspensions of nano-sized  insulating particles from low-frequency impedance measurements	2016	Based on the method of compact groups of inhomogeneities, we formulate newmixing rules for suspensions of charged insulating particles. They express thequasistatic conductivity and permittivity of a suspension in terms of theeffective geometric and dielectric parameters of the particles, electric doublelayers (EDLs), and suspending liquid. Also, we present our low-frequencyimpedance measurements of the conductivity and permittivity of Al2O3-isopropylalcohol nanofluids as functions of Al2O3-particle volume concentration. Ourrules give good fits for most of these data and allow us to estimate, amongother things, the effective thickness, conductivity, and permittivity of theEDLs. The experimentally-recovered values agree well with elementarytheoretical estimates suggesting the charging of the particles throughpreferential adsorption of contaminant ions. The possible effects of othermechanisms on the effective conductivity and permittivity of suspensions arealso discussed.
Distinguishability revisited: depth dependent bounds on reconstruction  quality in electrical impedance tomography	2016	The reconstruction problem in electrical impedance tomography is highlyill-posed, and it is often observed numerically that reconstructions have poorresolution far away from the measurement boundary but better resolution nearthe measurement boundary. The observation can be quantified by the concept ofdistinguishability of inclusions. This paper provides mathematically rigorousresults supporting the intuition. Indeed, for a model problem lower and upperbounds on the distinguishability of an inclusion are derived in terms of theboundary data. These bounds depend explicitly on the distance of the inclusionto the boundary, i.e. the depth of the inclusion. The results are obtained fordisk inclusions in a homogeneous background in the unit disk. The theoreticalbounds are verified numerically using a novel, exact characterization of theforward map as a tridiagonal matrix.
The Linearized Inverse Problem in Multifrequency Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2016	This paper provides an analysis of the linearized inverse problem inmultifrequency electrical impedance tomography. We consider an isotropicconductivity distribution with a finite number of unknown inclusions withdifferent frequency dependence, as is often seen in biological tissues. Wediscuss reconstruction methods for both fully known and partially knownspectral profiles, and demonstrate in the latter case the successful employmentof difference imaging. We also study the reconstruction with an imperfectlyknown boundary, and show that the multifrequency approach can eliminatemodeling errors and recover almost all inclusions. In addition, we develop anefficient group sparse recovery algorithm for the robust solution of relatedlinear inverse problems. Several numerical simulations are presented toillustrate and validate the approach.
A Fast Algorithm for Solving Scalar Wave Scattering Problem by Billions  of Particles	2016	Scalar wave scattering by many small particles of arbitrary shapes withimpedance boundary condition is studied. The problem is solved asymptoticallyand numerically under the assumptions a << d << lambda, where k = 2pi/lambda isthe wave number, lambda is the wave length, a is the characteristic size of theparticles, and d is the smallest distance between neighboring particles. A fastalgorithm for solving this wave scattering problem by billions of particles ispresented. The algorithm comprises the derivation of the (ORI) linear systemand makes use of Conjugate Orthogonal Conjugate Gradient method and FastFourier Transform. Numerical solutions of the scalar wave scattering problemwith 1, 4, 7, and 10 billions of small impedance particles are achieved for thefirst time. In these numerical examples, the problem of creating a materialwith negative refraction coefficient is also described and a recipe forcreating materials with a desired refraction coefficient is tested.
Numerical solution of many-body wave scattering problem and creating  materials with a desired refraction coefficient	2016	Scalar wave scattering by many small particles with impedance boundarycondition and creating material with a desired refraction coefficient arestudied. The acoustic wave scattering problem is solved asymptotically andnumerically under the assumptions $ka \ll 1, \zeta_m = \frac{h(x_m)}{a^\kappa},d = O(a^{\frac{2-\kappa}{3}}), M = O(\frac{1}{a^{2-\kappa}}), \kappa \in[0,1)$, where $k = 2\pi/\lambda$ is the wave number, $\lambda$ is the wavelength, $a$ is the radius of the particles, $d$ is the distance betweenneighboring particles, $M$ is the total number of the particles embedded in abounded domain $\Omega \subset \RRR$, $\zeta_m$ is the boundary impedance ofthe m\textsuperscript{th} particle $D_m$, $h \in C(D)$, $D := \bigcup_{m=1}^MD_m$, is a given arbitrary function which satisfies Im$h \le 0$, $x_m \in\Omega$ is the position of the m\textsuperscript{th} particle, and $1 \leq m\leq M$. Numerical results are presented for which the number of particlesequals $10^4, 10^5$, and $10^6$.
Impedance spectroscopy, dielectric and magnetic study of M-type  Strontium hexaferrite and its modified systems by Cobalt (Co) and Titanium  (Ti)	2016	Polycrystalline M-type hexagonal Strontium hexaferrite and its modifiedsystems by Cobalt (Co) and Titanium (Ti) were successfully prepared by thesolid state reaction method. The single phase formation of all the systems andwell grain growth of micrometer range was confirmed by X-ray diffractionpattern and Scanning Electron Microscopic image respectively. The impedancespectroscopy and dielectric properties were investigated in a selectedfrequency & temperature range. The room temperature M-H loop study forStrontium hexaferrite and Cobalt modified Strontium hexaferrite was carried outby Vibrate Sample Magnetometer. From the investigation it was found that, thegrain, grain boundary and electrode polarization have significant effect ondielectric relaxation and conduction mechanism for all the systems. From M-Hloop study it was found that Co modified system has drastic reduction ofcoercive field.
Interdiction Problems on Planar Graphs	2013	Interdiction problems are leader-follower games in which the leader isallowed to delete a certain number of edges from the graph in order tomaximally impede the follower, who is trying to solve an optimization problemon the impeded graph. We introduce approximation algorithms and strongNP-completeness results for interdiction problems on planar graphs. We give amultiplicative $(1 + \epsilon)$-approximation for the maximum matchinginterdiction problem on weighted planar graphs. The algorithm runs inpseudo-polynomial time for each fixed $\epsilon > 0$. We also show thatweighted maximum matching interdiction, budget-constrained flow improvement,directed shortest path interdiction, and minimum perfect matching interdictionare strongly NP-complete on planar graphs. To our knowledge, ourbudget-constrained flow improvement result is the first planar NP-completenessproof that uses a one-vertex crossing gadget.
Separation of cardiac and respiratory components from the electrical  bio-impedance signal using PCA and fast ICA	2013	This paper is an attempt to separate cardiac and respiratory signals from anelectrical bio-impedance (EBI) dataset. For this two well-known algorithms,namely Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Independent Component Analysis(ICA), were used to accomplish the task. The ability of the PCA and the ICAmethods first reduces the dimension and attempt to separate the usefulcomponents of the EBI, the cardiac and respiratory ones accordingly. It wasinvestigated with an assumption, that no motion artefacts are present. To carryout this procedure the two channel complex EBI measurements were provided usingclassical Kelvin type four electrode configurations for the each complexchannel. Thus four real signals were used as inputs for the PCA and fast ICA.The results showed, that neither PCA nor ICA nor combination of them can notaccurately separate the components at least are used only two complex (fourreal valued) input components.
Synchronization of Nonlinear Circuits in Dynamic Electrical Networks  with General Topologies	2013	Sufficient conditions are derived for global asymptotic synchronization in asystem of identical nonlinear electrical circuits coupled through lineartime-invariant (LTI) electrical networks. In particular, the conditions wederive apply to settings where: i) the nonlinear circuits are composed of aparallel combination of passive LTI circuit elements and a nonlinearvoltage-dependent current source with finite gain; and ii) a collection ofthese circuits are coupled through either uniform or homogeneous LTI electricalnetworks. Uniform electrical networks have identical per-unit-lengthimpedances. Homogeneous electrical networks are characterized by having thesame effective impedance between any two terminals with the others opencircuited. Synchronization in these networks is guaranteed by ensuring thestability of an equivalent coordinate-transformed differential system thatemphasizes signal differences. The applicability of the synchronizationconditions to this broad class of networks follows from leveraging recentresults on structural and spectral properties of Kron reduction---amodel-reduction procedure that isolates the interactions of the nonlinearcircuits in the network. The validity of the analytical results is demonstratedwith simulations in networks of coupled Chua's circuits.
Spectroscopic investigation of local mechanical impedance of living  cells	2013	The mechanical properties of PC12 living cells have been studied at thenanoscale with a Force Feedback Microscope using two experimental approaches.Firstly, the local mechanical impedance of the cell membrane has been mappedsimultaneously to the cell morphology at constant force. As the force of theinteraction is gradually increased, we observed the appearance of thesub-membrane cytoskeleton. We shall compare the results obtained with thismethod with the measurement of other existing techniques. Secondly, aspectroscopic investigation has been performed varying the indentation of thetip in the cell membrane and consequently the force applied on it. In contrastwith conventional dynamic atomic force microscopy techniques, here the smalloscillation amplitude of the tip is not necessarily imposed at the cantileverfirst eigenmode. This allows the user to arbitrarily choose the excitationfrequency in developing spectroscopic AFM techniques. The mechanical responseof the PC12 cell membrane is found to be frequency dependent in the 1 kHz - 10kHz range. The damping coefficient is reproducibly observed to decrease whenthe excitation frequency is increased.
3D direct and inverse solvers for eddy current testing of deposits in  steam generator	2014	We consider the inverse problem of estimating the shape profile of an unknowndeposit from a set of eddy current impedance measurements. The measurements areacquired with an axial probe, which is modeled by a set of coils that generatea magnetic field inside the tube. For the direct problem, we validate themethod that takes into account the tube support plates, highly conductive part,by a surface impedance condition. For the inverse problem, finite element andshape sensitivity analysis related to the eddy current problem are provided inorder to determine the explicit formula of the gradient of a least squaremisfit functional. A geometrical-parametric shape inversion algorithm based oncylindrical coordinates is designed to improve the robustness and the qualityof the reconstruction. Several numerical results are given in the experimentalpart. Numerical experiments on synthetic deposits, nearby or far away from thetube, with different shapes are considered in the axisymmetric configuration.
Resonant excitations of single and two-qubit systems coupled to a tank  circuit	2008	The interaction of flux qubits with a low frequency tank circuit is studied.It is shown that changes in the state of the interacting qubits influence theeffective impedance of the circuit, which is the essence of the so-calledimpedance measurement technique. The multiphoton resonant excitations in bothsingle flux qubits and pairs of coupled flux qubits are investigated. Inparticular, we compare our theoretical results with recent spectroscopymeasurements, Landau-Zener interferometry, and multiphoton fringes.
Incoherent Cooper pair tunneling and energy band dynamics in small  Josephson junctions - A study of the Bloch Oscillating Transistor	2008	We discuss the properties of devices of small Josephson junctions in thelight of the phase fluctuation theory and the energy band structure, whicharises from the delocalization of the phase variable. The theory is applied inthe realization of a mesoscopic amplifier, the Bloch oscillating transistor.The device characteristics and comparison with theory and simulations arediscussed. The current gain of the device in a stable operating mode has beenmeasured to be as high as 30. Measurements on input impedance and the powergain show that the BOT is an amplifier designed for middle-range impedances,ranging from 100 k$\Omega$ - 10 M$\Omega$.
Stationary phase-kink states and dynamical phase transitions controlled  by surface impedance in THz wave emission from intrinsic Josephson junctions	2008	As possible states to characterize THz wave emission from intrinsic Josephsonjunctions without external fields, the McCumber-like state and $\pi$-phase-kinkstate have been proposed. In the present article it is numerically shown thatboth states are stationary according to the bias current $J$ and surfaceimpedance $Z$. The McCumber-like state is stable for low $J$ and small $Z$. Forhigher $J$, the $\pi$-phase-kink state accompanied with symmetry breaking alongthe c axis is stable even for Z=1, though strong emission in the vicinity ofcavity resonance points only takes place for larger $Z$. Different emissionbehaviors for Z=1 and 10 are precisely compared. The dynamical phase diagramfor $1 \le Z \le 10$ and the optimal value of $Z$ for the strongest emissionare also evaluated.
On the Bandwidth of High-Impedance Frequency Selective Surfaces	2010	In this letter, the bandwidth of high-impedance surfaces (HISs) is discussedby an equivalent circuit approach. Even if these surfaces have been employedfor almost 10 years, it is sometimes unclear how to choose the shape of thefrequency selective surface (FSS) on the top of the grounded slab in order toachieve the largest possible bandwidth. Here, we will show that theconventional approach describing the HIS as a parallel connection between theinductance given by the grounded dielectric substrate and the capacitance ofthe FSS may induce inaccurate results in the determination of the operatingbandwidth of the structure. Indeed, in order to derive a more complete modeland to provide a more accurate estimate of the operating bandwidth, it is alsonecessary to introduce the series inductance of the FSS.We will present theexplicit expression for defining the bandwidth of a HIS, and we will show thatthe reduction of the FSS inductance results in the best choice for achievingwide operating bandwidth in correspondence with a given frequency.
Microwave Surface Impedance Measurements of LiFeAs Single Crystals	2010	We report results of microwave surface impedance measurements of LiFeAssingle crystals. The in-plane penetration depth depends on temperatureexponentially at low temperatures, which strongly suggests that this materialhas the nodeless superconducting gap. The temperature dependence of thesuperfluid density indicates that LiFeAs is a multi-gap superconductor with atleast two isotropic gaps. In addtion, the real part of the microwaveconductivity exhibits a large enhancement below $T_\mathrm{c}$, indicating thatthe quasi-particle relaxation time, $\tau$, increases rapidly below$T_\mathrm{c}$. We believe that this enhancement is rather common to allsuperconductors where an inelastic scattering is dominant above $T_\mathrm{c}$,irrespective of the strength of the electron correlation.
Large-area, wide-angle, spectrally selective plasmonic absorber	2011	"A simple metamaterial-based wide-angle plasmonic absorber is introduced,fabricated, and experimentally characterized using angle-resolved infraredspectroscopy. The metamaterials are prepared by nano-imprint lithography, anattractive low-cost technology for making large-area samples. The matching ofthe metamaterial's impedance to that of vacuum is responsible for the observedspectrally selective ""perfect"" absorption of infrared light. The impedance istheoretically calculated in the single-resonance approximation, and theresponsible resonance is identified as a short-range surface plasmon. Thespectral position of the absorption peak (which is as high as 95%) isexperimentally shown to be controlled by the metamaterial's dimensions. Thepersistence of ""perfect"" absorption with variable metamaterial parameters istheoretically explained. The wide-angle nature of the absorber can be utilizedfor sub-diffraction-scale infrared pixels exhibiting spectrally selectiveabsorption/emissivity."
Complex impedance, responsivity and noise of transition-edge sensors:  analytical solutions for two- and three-block thermal models	2012	The responsivity and noise of a voltage-biased superconductingtransition-edge sensor depends strongly on the details of its thermal model,and the simplest theory for TES response assumes a single heat capacityconnected to the heat bath. Here, analytical results are derived and discussedfor the complex impedance, the responsivity and the noise of a transition-edgesensor, when the thermal model is not simple but consists of either two orthree connected heat capacities. The implications of the differences of themodels are discussed, as well.
Unexpected Surface Implanted Layer in Static Random Access Memory  Devices Observed by Microwave Impedance Microscope	2012	Real-space mapping of doping concentration in semiconductor devices is ofgreat importance for the microelectronic industry. In this work, a scanningmicrowave impedance microscope (MIM) is employed to resolve the localconductivity distribution of a static random access memory (SRAM) sample. TheMIM electronics can also be adjusted to the scanning capacitance microscopy(SCM) mode, allowing both measurements on the same region. Interestingly, whilethe conventional SCM images match the nominal device structure, the MIM resultsdisplay certain unexpected features, which originate from a thin layer of thedopant ions penetrating through the protective layers during the heavyimplantation steps.
Giant magnetoimpedance of composite wires with an insulation layer	2012	Composite wires with a three-layered structure exhibit a large giantmagneto-impedance (GMI) effect, which can be used in sensitive magnetic fieldsensors. To further investigate the origin of the GMI effect, composite wiresconsisting of a highly conductive copper core, a silicon dioxide layer and anouter Permalloy shell were prepared by radio frequency (RF) magnetronsputtering. The GMI ratio was measured at various driving current frequenciesand with different insulating layer thicknesses. A theoretical model bycoupling the Maxwell equations to the Landau-Lifschitz-Gilbert equation wasdeveloped to investigate the composite wire impedance and its dependence onexternal magnetic field, current frequency and insulating layer thickness.Experimental results corroborate the theoretical model.
Diffraction of surface wave on conducting rectangular wedge	2013	Diffraction of a surface wave on a rectangular wedge with impedance faces isstudied using the Sommerfeld-Malyuzhinets technique. An analog of Landau'sbypass rule in the theory of plasma waves is introduced for selection of acorrect branch of the Sommerfeld integral, and the exact solution is given interms of imaginary error function. The formula derived is valid both in thenear-field and far-wave zones. It is shown that a diffracted surface wave iscompletely scattered into freely propagating electromagnetic waves and neitherreflected nor transmitted surface waves are generated in case of bare metalswhich have positive real part of surface impedance. The scattered wavespropagate predominantly at a grazing angle along the direction of propagationof the incident surface wave and mainly in the upper hemisphere regarding thewedge face. The profile of radiated intensity is nonmonotonic and does notresemble the surface wave profile which exponentially evanesces with thedistance from the wedge face.  Comparison with experiments carried out in the terahertz spectral range atNovosibirsk free electron laser has shown a good agreement of the theory andthe experiments.
Transmutation of singularities and zeros in graded index optical  instruments: a methodology for designing practical devices	2014	"We describe a design methodology for modifying the refractive index profileof graded-index optical instruments that incorporate singularities or zeros intheir refractive index. The process maintains the device performance whilstresulting in graded profiles that are all-dielectric, do not require materialswith unrealistic values, and that are impedance matched to the bounding medium.This is achieved by transmuting the singularities (or zeros) using theformalism of transformation optics, but with an additional boundary conditionrequiring the gradient of the co- ordinate transformation be continuous. Thisadditional boundary condition ensures that the device is impedance matched tothe bounding medium when the spatially varying permittivity and permeabilityprofiles are scaled to realizable values. We demonstrate the method in somedetail for an Eaton lens, before describing the profiles for an ""invisibledisc"" and ""multipole"" lenses."
Dielectric relaxation and electrical conductivity in lead-free  (100-x)(Li0.12Na0.88)NbO3-xBaTiO3 (0 to x to 40) piezoelectric ceramics: An  impedance spectroscopic study	2014	Dielectric behavior and conductivity mechanism in lead-free(100-x)(Li0.12Na0.88)NbO3-xBaTiO3 (0 to x to 40) piezoelectric ceramics wereinvestigated using impedance spectroscopy over a wide temperature (-100 oCto500 oC) and frequency range (0.1 Hz to1 MHz). The grain and grain boundaryresponse as well as the relaxation processes at different frequencies andtemperatures were also discussed. A low frequency dispersion in dielectricpermittivity (LFDD), a typical characteristic of high-temperature behavior wasobserved both below and above the ferro-paraelectric phase transitiontemperature, Tm. Oxygen-defect-related complexes generated due to acceptor typedoping were found to play an important role in LFDD and hopping conduction. Thedielectric relaxation follows Jonscher universal law, however LFDD is found tobe associated with quasi-DC process (QCD). The activation energies of DCconduction confirm the mechanism as the thermal motion (short range hopping) ofdoubly ionized oxygen vacancies. At high temperature, the conductivityrelaxation mechanism is dominated by grain boundary conduction through hoppingelectron created by the charge compensating oxygen vacancies.
Wireless Josephson Amplifier	2014	Josephson junction parametric amplifiers are playing a crucial role in thereadout chain in superconducting quantum information experiments. However,their integration with current 3D cavity implementations poses the problem oftransitioning between waveguide, coax cables and planar circuits. Moreover,Josephson amplifiers require auxiliary microwave components, like directionalcouplers and/or hybrids, that are sources of spurious losses and impedancemismatches that limit measurement efficiency and amplifier tunability. We havedeveloped a new wireless architecture for these parametric amplifiers thateliminates superfluous microwave components and interconnects. This greatlysimplifies their assembly and integration into experiments. We present anexperimental realization of such a device operating in the $9-11$ GHz band withabout $100$ MHz of amplitude gain-bandwidth product, on par with devicesmounted in conventional sample holders. The simpler impedance environmentpresented to the amplifier also results in increased amplifier tunability.
Optimizing electrode positions in electrical impedance tomography	2014	This work considers finding optimal positions for the electrodes within theBayesian paradigm based on available prior information on the conductivity; theaim is to place the electrodes so that the posterior density of the(discretized) conductivity, i.e., the conditional density of the conductivitygiven the measurements, is as localized as possible. To make such an approachcomputationally feasible, the complete electrode forward model of impedancetomography is linearized around the prior expectation of the conductivity,allowing explicit representation for the (approximate) posterior covariancematrix. Two approaches are considered: minimizing the trace or the determinantof the posterior covariance. The introduced optimization algorithm is of thesteepest descent type, with the needed gradients computed based on appropriateFr\'echet derivatives of the complete electrode model. The functionality of themethodology is demonstrated via two-dimensional numerical experiments.
Effect of Electrical Properties on Gd modified BiFeO3-PbZrO3	2014	The 0.5(BiGdxFe1-xO3)-0.5(PbZrO3) composite was synthesized using a hightemperature solid-state reaction technique. Preliminary X-ray structuralanalysis confirms the formation of the composite. The dielectric constant andloss tangent have been studied. The hysteresis loop suggest that the materialis lossy. The impedance parameters were studied using an impedance analyzer ina wide range of frequency (102-106 Hz) at different temperatures for allsamples. The Nyquist plot suggests the contribution of bulk effect as well asgrain boundary effect and the bulk resistance deceases with rise in temperaturefor all samples. The electrical transport confirms the presence of hoppingmechanism in the material. The dc conductivity increases with rise intemperature. The frequency variation of ac conductivity shows that the compoundobeys Jonschers universal power law and confirms the Small Polaron (SP)tunneling effect due to low activation energy for all samples. Temperaturedependence of dc and ac conductivity indicates that electrical conduction inthe materials are thermally activated process.
Extracting the contribution of conduction in permittivity measurements  using the Kramers-Kronig relations	2014	The measurement of the material permittivity is often performed via animpedance measurement. In this case the measured permittivity includes theconduction contribution. Most of the time, the impedance-meters performing suchmeasurement do not perform static measurement even if they can go to lowfrequencies. When the dipolar relaxation of the material leads to low frequencyrelaxation, separating the relaxation phenomenon from the conduction phenomenoncan be difficult, especially when multiple relaxation phenomena superimpose. Inthis work we use the Kramers-Kronig relations to perform that separation byconsidering the frequency response aspect of the permittivity. The practicalaspect of the method is presented and demonstrated on real measurements
Microwave Down-Conversion with an Impedance-Matched $$ System in  Driven Circuit QED	2014	"By driving a dispersively coupled qubit-resonator system, we realize an""impedance-matched"" $\Lambda$ system that has two identical radiative decayrates from the top level and interacts with a semi-infinite waveguide. It hasbeen predicted that a photon input from the waveguide deterministically inducesa Raman transition in the system and switches its electronic state. We confirmthis through microwave response to a continuous probe field, observingnear-perfect ($99.7\%$) extinction of the reflection and highly efficient($74\%$) frequency down-conversion. These proof-of-principle results lead todeterministic quantum gates between material qubits and microwave photons andopen the possibility for scalable quantum networks interconnected withwaveguide photons."
Sparsity prior for electrical impedance tomography with partial data	2014	This paper focuses on prior information for improved sparsity reconstructionin electrical impedance tomography with partial data, i.e. data measured onlyon subsets of the boundary. Sparsity is enforced using an $\ell_1$ norm of thebasis coefficients as the penalty term in a Tikhonov functional, and priorinformation is incorporated by applying a spatially distributed regularizationparameter. The resulting optimization problem allows great flexibility withrespect to the choice of measurement boundaries and incorporation of priorknowledge. The problem is solved using a generalized conditional gradientmethod applying soft thresholding. Numerical examples show that the addition ofprior information in the proposed algorithm gives vastly improvedreconstructions even for the partial data problem. The method is in additioncompared to a total variation approach.
Acoustic metamaterial absorbers based on confined sonic crystals	2014	Theoretical, numerical and experimental results examining thermoviscouslosses in sonic crystals are presented in this work, enabling the fabricationand characterization of an acoustic metamaterial absorber with complex-valuedanisotropic inertia. The formulations developed can be written with no unknownor empirical coefficients, due to the structured lattice of the sonic crystalsand organized layering scheme, and it is shown that higher filling fractionarrangements can be used to provide a large enhancement in the loss factor. Toaccurately describe these structures in a realizable experimentalconfiguration, confining structures are needed which modify the effectiveproperties, due to the thermal and viscous boundary layer effects within thesonic crystal lattice. Theoretical formulations are presented which describethe effects of these confined sonic crystals, both individually and as part ofan acoustic metamaterial structure, and is demonstrated experimentally in anacoustic impedance tube. It is observed that confined sonic crystalsdemonstrate an increase in the viscous losses and a reduction in the effectivebulk modulus, enabling better acoustic absorber performance through improvedimpedance matching and enhanced absorption.
Neuronal Response Impedance Mechanism Implementing Cooperative Networks  with Low Firing Rates and Microseconds Precision	2014	Realizations of low firing rates in neural networks usually require globallybalanced distributions among excitatory and inhibitory links, while feasibilityof temporal coding is limited by neuronal millisecond precision. We show thatcooperation, governing global network features, emerges through nodalproperties, as opposed to link distributions. Using in vitro and in vivoexperiments we demonstrate microsecond precision of neuronal response timingsunder low stimulation frequencies, whereas moderate frequencies result in achaotic neuronal phase characterized by degraded precision. Above a criticalstimulation frequency, which varies among neurons, response failures were foundto emerge stochastically such that the neuron functions as a low pass filter,saturating the average inter-spike-interval. This intrinsic neuronal responseimpedance mechanism leads to cooperation on a network level, such that firingrates are suppressed towards the lowest neuronal critical frequencysimultaneously with neuronal microsecond precision. Our findings open upopportunities of controlling global features of network dynamics through fewnodes with extreme properties.
On the Functional Relation Between Quality Factor and Fractional  Bandwidth	2014	The functional relation between the fractional band-width and the qualityfactor of a radiating system is investigated in this note. Several widely useddefinitions of the quality factor are compared on two examples of RLC circuitsthat serve as a simplified model of a single resonant antenna tuned to itsresonance. It is demonstrated that for a first-order system, only the qualityfactor based on differentiation of input impedance has unique proportionalityto the fractional bandwidth, whereas e.g. the classical definition of thequality factor, i. e. the ratio of the stored energy to the lost energy per onecycle, is not uniquely proportional to the fractional bandwidth. In addition,it is shown that for higher-order systems the quality factor based ondifferentiation of the input impedance ceases to be uniquely related to thefractional bandwidth.
Theory of microwave single-photon detection using an impedance-matched  $$ system	2015	"By properly driving a qubit-resonator system in the strong dispersive regime,we implement an ""impedance-matched"" $\Lambda$ system in the dressed states,where a resonant single photon deterministically induces a Raman transition andexcites the qubit. Combining this effect and a fast dispersive readout of thequbit, we realize a detector of itinerant microwave photons. We theoreticallyanalyze the single-photon response of the $\Lambda$ system and evaluate itsperformance as a detector. We achieve a high detection efficiency close tounity without relying on precise temporal control of the input pulse shape andunder a conservative estimate of the system parameters. The detector can alsobe reset quickly by applying microwave pulses, which allows a short dead timeand a high repetition rate."
A Partially Reflecting Random Walk on Spheres Algorithm for Electrical  Impedance Tomography	2015	In this work, we develop a probabilistic estimator for the voltage-to-currentmap arising in electrical impedance tomography. This novel so-called partiallyreflecting random walk on spheres estimator enables Monte Carlo methods tocompute the voltage-to-current map in an embarrassingly parallel manner, whichis an important issue with regard to the corresponding inverse problem. Ourmethod uses the well-known random walk on spheres algorithm inside subdomainswhere the diffusion coefficient is constant and employs replacement techniquesmotivated by finite difference discretization to deal with both mixed boundaryconditions and interface transmission conditions. We analyze the global biasand the variance of the new estimator both theoretically and experimentally. Ina second step, the variance is considerably reduced via a novel control variateconditional sampling technique.
Black hole jet power from impedance matching	2015	Black hole jet power depends on the angular velocity of magnetic field lines,$\Omega_F$. Force-free black hole magnetospheres typically have$\Omega_F/\Omega_H \approx 0.5$, where $\Omega_H$ is the angular velocity ofthe horizon. We give a streamlined proof of this result using an extension ofthe classical black hole membrane paradigm. The proof is based on animpedance-matching argument between membranes at the horizon and infinity. Thenwe consider a general relativistic magnetohydrodynamic simulation of anaccreting, spinning black hole and jet. We find that the theory correctlydescribes the simulation in the jet region. However, the field lines threadingthe horizon near the equator have much smaller $\Omega_F/\Omega_H$ because theforce-free approximation breaks down in the accretion flow.
Electrical Current from Quantum Vacuum Fluctuations in Nano-engines	2015	We theoretically investigate a quantum dot coupled to fermionic (electronic)leads and show how zero-point quantum fluctuations stemming from bosonicenvironments permit the rectification of the current. The bosonic baths areeither external impedances modeled as tunable transmission lines or LCresonators (single-mode cavities). Voltage fluctuations stemming from theexternal impedances at zero temperature are described through harmonicoscillators (photon-like excitations) then producing the quantum vacuumfluctuations. The differing sizes of the zero-point fluctuations of the quantumvacuum break the spatial symmetry of the system if the quantum dot is coupledto two reservoirs or two junctions with different bosonic environments. Weconsider current rectification and power production when the system is operatedas a heat engine in both non-resonant and resonant sequential tunneling cases.
Clean carbon nanotubes coupled to superconducting impedance-matching  circuits	2015	Coupling carbon nanotube devices to microwave circuits offers a significantincrease in bandwidth and signal-to-noise ratio. These facilitate fastnon-invasive readouts important for quantum information processing, shot noiseand correlation measurements. However, creation of a device that unites alow-disorder nanotube with a low-loss microwave resonator has so far remained achallenge, due to fabrication incompatibility of one with the other. Employinga mechanical transfer method, we successfully couple a nanotube to a gigahertzsuperconducting matching circuit and thereby retain pristine transportcharacteristics such as the control over formation of, and coupling strengthsbetween, the quantum dots. Resonance response to changes in conductance andsusceptance further enables quantitative parameter extraction. The achievednear matching is a step forward promising high-bandwidth noise correlationmeasurements on high impedance devices such as quantum dot circuits.
On the use of aerogel as a soft acoustic metamaterial for airborne sound	2015	Soft acoustic metamaterials utilizing mesoporous structures have recentlybeen proposed as a novel means for tuning the overall effective properties ofthe metamaterial and providing better coupling to the surrounding air. In thiswork, the use of silica aerogel is examined theoretically and experimentally aspart of a compact soft acoustic metamaterial structure, which enables a widerange of exotic effective macroscopic properties to be demonstrated, includingnegative density, density-near-zero and non-resonant broadband slow soundpropagation. Experimental data is obtained on the effective density and soundspeed using an air-filled acoustic impedance tube for flexural metamaterialelements, which have previously only been investigated indirectly due to thelarge contrast in acoustic impedance compared to that of air. Experimentalresults are presented for silica aerogel arranged in parallel with either 1 or2 acoustic ports, and are in very good agreement with the theoretical model.
Leaky-Wave Radiations by Modulating Surface Impedance on Subwavelength  Corrugated Metal Structures	2016	One-dimensional (1D) subwavelength corrugated metal structures has beendescribed to support spoof surface plasmon polaritons (SPPs). Here wedemonstrate that a modulated 1D subwavelength corrugated metal structure canconvert spoof SPPs to propagating waves. The structure is fed at the centerthrough a slit with a connected waveguide on the input side. The subwavelengthcorrugated metal structure on the output surface is regarded as metasurface andmodulated periodically to realize the leaky-wave radiation at the broadside.The surface impedance of the corrugated metal structure is modulated by usingcosine function and triangle-wave function, respectively, to reach theradiation effect. Full wave simulations and measuremental results are presentedto validate the proposed design.
RF impedance measurements of DC atmospheric micro-discharges	2016	The available diagnostics for atmospheric micro-plasmas remain limited andrelatively complex to implement; so we present a radio-frequency technique fordiagnosing a key parameter here. The technique allows one to estimate thedependencies of the electron density by measuring the RF-impedance of themicro-plasma and analyzing it with an appropriate equivalent circuit. Thistechnique is inexpensive, can be used in real time and gives reasonable resultsfor argon and helium DC micro-plasmas in holes over a wide pressure range. Theelectron density increases linearly with current in the expected rangeconsistent with normal glow discharge behavior.
Current Noise in Tunnel Junctions	2016	We study current fluctuations in tunnel junctions driven by a voltage source.The voltage is applied to the tunneling element via an impedance providing anelectromagnetic environment of the junction. We use circuit theory to relatethe fluctuations of the current flowing in the leads of the junction with thevoltage fluctuations generated by the environmental impedance and thefluctuations of the tunneling current. The spectrum of current fluctuations isfound to consist of three parts: a term arising from the environmentalJohnson-Nyquist noise, a term due to the shot noise of the tunneling currentand a third term describing the cross-correlation between these two noisesources. Our phenomenological theory reproduces previous results based on theHamiltonian model for the dynamical Coulomb blockade and provides a simpleunderstanding of the current fluctuation spectrum in terms of circuit theoryand properties of the average current. Specific results are given for a tunneljunction driven through a resonator.
A Convergent Adaptive Finite Element Method for Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2016	In this work we develop and analyze an adaptive finite element method forefficiently solving electrical impedance tomography -- a severely ill-posednonlinear inverse problem for recovering the conductivity from boundary voltagemeasurements. The reconstruction technique is based on Tikhonov regularizationwith a Sobolev smoothness penalty and discretizing the forward model usingcontinuous piecewise linear finite elements. We derive an adaptive finiteelement algorithm with an a posteriori error estimator involving the concernedstate and adjoint variables and the recovered conductivity. The convergence ofthe algorithm is established, in the sense that the sequence of discretesolutions contains a convergent subsequence to a solution of the optimalitysystem for the continuous formulation. Numerical results are presented toverify the convergence and efficiency of the algorithm.
Electron Spin Resonance at the Level of 10000 Spins Using Low Impedance  Superconducting Resonators	2016	We report on electron spin resonance (ESR) measurements of phosphorus donorslocalized in a 200 square micron area below the inductive wire of a lumpedelement superconducting resonator. By combining quantum limited parametricamplification with a low impedance microwave resonator design we are able todetect around 20000 spins with a signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of 1 in a singleshot. The 150 Hz coupling strength between the resonator field and individualspins is significantly larger than the 1 - 10 Hz coupling rates obtained withtypical coplanar waveguide resonator designs. Due to the larger coupling rate,we find that spin relaxation is dominated by radiative decay into the resonatorand dependent upon the spin-resonator detuning, as predicted by Purcell.
Electromagnetic-Power-based Characteristic Mode Theory for Perfect  Electric Conductors	2016	In this paper, an ElectroMagnetic-Power-based Characteristic Mode Theory(CMT) for PEC systems (PEC-EMP-CMT) is built. The PEC-EMP-CMT is valid for thePEC systems which are surrounded by any electromagnetic environment, and it canconstruct the complex characteristic currents and non-radiative CharacteristicModes (CMs). In this paper, some traditional concepts, such as the system inputimpedance and modal input impedance etc., are redefined; the traditionalcharacteristic quantity, Modal Significance (MS), is generalized; a series ofnew power-based CM sets are introduced. It is proven in this paper that variouspower-based CM sets of a certain objective PEC structure are independent of theexternal environment and excitation; the non-radiative space constituted by allnon-radiative modes is identical to the interior resonance space constituted byall interior resonant modes of closed PEC structures, and the non-radiative CMsconstitute a basis of the space. Based on above these, the normal Eigen-ModeTheory (EMT) for closed PEC structures is classified into the PEC-EMP-CMTframework. In addition, a variational formulation for the external scatteringproblem of PEC structures is provided in this paper, based on the conservationlaw of energy.
Monotonicity-based regularization for phantom experiment data in  Electrical Impedance Tomography	2016	In electrical impedance tomography, algorithms based on minimizing thelinearized-data-fit residuum have been widely used due to their real-timeimplementation and satisfactory reconstructed images. However, the resultingimages usually tend to contain ringing artifacts. In this work, we shallminimize the linearized-data-fit functional with respect to a linear constraintdefined by the monotonicity relation in the framework of real electrodesetting. Numerical results of standard phantom experiment data confirm thatthis new algorithm improves the quality of the reconstructed images as well asreduce the ringing artifacts.
Dependence of microwave absorption properties on ferrite volume fraction  in MnZn ferrite/rubber radar absorbing materials	2011	We report the analysis of measurements of the complex magnetic permeability($\mu_r$) and dielectric permittivity ($\epsilon_r$) spectra of a rubber radarabsorbing material (RAM) with various MnZn ferrite volume fractions. Thetransmission/reflection measurements were carried out in a vector networkanalyzer. Optimum conditions for the maximum microwave absorption weredetermined by substituting the complex permeability and permittivity in theimpedance matching equation. Both the MnZn ferrite content and the RAMthickness effects on the microwave absorption properties, in the frequencyrange of 2 to 18 GHz, were evaluated. The results show that the complexpermeability and permittivity spectra of the RAM increase directly with theferrite volume fraction. Reflection loss calculations by the impedance matchingdegree (reflection coefficient) show the dependence of this parameter on boththickness and composition of RAM.
Convergence and regularization for monotonicity-based shape  reconstruction in electrical impedance tomography	2015	The inverse problem of electrical impedance tomography is severely ill-posed,meaning that, only limited information about the conductivity can in practicebe recovered from boundary measurements of electric current and voltage.Recently it was shown that a simple monotonicity property of the relatedNeumann-to-Dirichlet map can be used to characterize shapes of inhomogeneitiesin a known background conductivity. In this paper we formulate amonotonicity-based shape reconstruction scheme that applies to approximativemeasurement models, and regularizes against noise and modelling error. Wedemonstrate that for admissible choices of regularization parameters theinhomogeneities are detected, and under reasonable assumptions, asymptoticallyexactly characterized. Moreover, we rigorously associate this result with thecomplete electrode model, and describe how a computationally cheapmonotonicity-based reconstruction algorithm can be implemented. Numericalreconstructions from both simulated and real-life measurement data arepresented.
Magnetic hyperbolic optical metamaterials	2015	Strongly anisotropic media where the principal components of electricpermittivity or magnetic permeability tensors have opposite signs are termed ashyperbolic media. Such media support propagating electromagnetic waves withextremely large wavevectors exhibiting unique optical properties. However inall artificial and natural optical materials studied to date, the hyperbolicdispersion originates solely from the electric response. This restrictsmaterial functionality to one polarization of light and inhibits free-spaceimpedance matching. Such restrictions can be overcome in media havingcomponents of opposite signs for both electric and magnetic tensors. Here wepresent the experimental demonstration of the magnetic hyperbolic dispersion inthree-dimensional metamaterials. We measure metamaterial isofrequecy contoursand reveal the topological phase transition between the elliptic and hyperbolicdispersion. In the hyperbolic regime, we demonstrate the strong enhancement ofthermal emission, which becomes directional, coherent and polarized. Ourfindings show the possibilities for realizing efficient impedance-matchedhyperbolic media for unpolarized light.
Complex dielectric and impedance behavior of magnetoelectric Fe2TiO5	2015	We have investigated the complex dielectric and impedance properties ofmagnetoelectric compound Fe2TiO5 (FTO) as a function of temperature (T) andfrequency (f) to understand the grain (G) and grain boundary (Gb) contributionsto its dielectric response. The temperature and frequency dependent dielectricpermittivity data shows a sharp increase in permittivity above 200K accompaniedwith a frequency dependent peak in loss. At T less than 175K, only Gcontribution dominates even at lower frequency (nearly 100Hz), but for Tgreater than 175K, the Gb contribution starts appearing at low frequency. Thevalue of critical frequency distinguishing these two contributions increaseswith increasing temperature. The observed non-Debye dielectric relaxationfollows thermally activated process and is attributed to polaron hopping.Further the frequency dependence of ac conductivity follows the Jonscherpower-law. The temperature dependency of critical exponent s shows that thecorrelated barrier hopping model is appropriate to define the conductivitymechanism of FTO in the studied temperature regime.
Quantum simulation of traversable wormhole spacetimes in a dc-SQUID  array	2016	We present an analog quantum simulator of spacetimes containing traversablewormholes. A suitable spatial dependence in the external bias of a dc-SQUIDarray mimics the propagation of light in a 1D wormhole background. Theimpedance of the array places severe limitations on the type of spacetime thatwe are able to implement. However, we find that wormhole throat radius in thesub-mm range are achievable. We show how to modify this spacetime in order toallow the existence of closed timelike curves. The quantum fluctuations of thephase associated to the finite array impedance might be seen as an analogue ofHawking's chronology protection mechanism.
Decoherence of Topological Qubit in Linear and Circular Motions:  Decoherence Impedance, Anti-Unruh and Information Backflow	2016	"In this paper, we consider the decoherence patterns of a topological qubitmade of two Majorana zero modes in the generic linear and circular motions inthe Minkowski spacetime. We show that the reduced dynamics is exact withoutMarkov approximation. Our results imply that the acceleration will causethermalization as expected by Unruh effect. However, for the short-time scale,we find the rate of decoherence is anti-correlated with the acceleration, askind of decoherence impedance. This is in fact related to the ""anti-Unruh""phenomenon previously found by studying the transition probability ofUnruh-DeWitt detector. We also obtain the information backflow by some timemodulations of coupling constant or acceleration, which is a characteristic ofthe underlying non-Markovian reduced dynamics. Moreover, by exploiting thenonlocal nature of the topological qubit, we find that some incoherentaccelerations of the constituent Majorana zero modes can preserve the coherenceinstead of thermalizing it."
Seismic Wave Amplification in 3D Alluvial Basins: 3D/1D Amplification  Ratios from Fast Multipole BEM Simulations	2016	In this work, we study seismic wave amplification in alluvial basins having3D standard geometries through the Fast Multipole Boundary Element Method inthe frequency domain. We investigate how much 3D amplification differs from the1D (horizontal layering) case. Considering incident fields of plane harmonicwaves, we examine the relationships between the amplification level and themost relevant physical parameters of the problem (impedance contrast, 3D aspectratio, vertical and oblique incidence of plane waves). The FMBEM results showthat the most important parameters for wave amplification are the impedancecontrast and the so-called equivalent shape ratio. Using these two parameters,we derive simple rules to compute the fundamental frequency for various 3Dbasin shapes and the corresponding 3D/1D amplification factor for 5% damping.Effects on amplification due to 3D basin asymmetry are also studied andincorporated in the derived rules.
Single beam collective effects in FCC-ee due to beam coupling impedance	2016	The Future Circular Collider study, hosted by CERN to design post-LHCparticle accelerator options in a worldwide context, is focused onproton-proton high-energy and electron-positron high-luminosity frontiermachines. This new accelerator complex represents a great challenge underseveral aspects, which involve R&D on beam dynamics and new technologies. Onevery critical point in this context is represented by collective effects,generated by the interaction of the beam with self-induced electromagneticfields, called wake fields, which could produce beam instabilities, thusreducing the machines performance and limiting the maximum stored current. Itis therefore very important to be able to predict these effects and to study indetail potential solutions to counteract them. In this paper the resistive walland some other important geometrical sources of impedance for the FCCelectron-positron accelera- tor are identified and evaluated, and their impacton the beam dynamics, which in some cases could lead to unwanted instabilities,is discussed.
Identifying conductivity in electrical impedance tomography with total  variation regularization	2016	In this paper we investigate the problem of identifying conductivity inelectrical impedance tomography from one boundary measurement. A variationalmethod with total variation regularization is here proposed to tackle thisproblem. We discretize the PDE as well as the conductivity with piecewiselinear, continuous finite elements. We prove the stability and convergence ofthis technique. For the numerical solution we propose a projected Armijoalgorithm. Finally, a numerical experiment is presented to illustrate ourtheoretical results.
Strong Coupling Cavity QED with Gate-Defined Double Quantum Dots Enabled  by a High Impedance Resonator	2017	The strong coupling limit of cavity quantum electrodynamics (QED) implies thecapability of a matter-like quantum system to coherently transform anindividual excitation into a single photon within a resonant structure. Thisnot only enables essential processes required for quantum informationprocessing but also allows for fundamental studies of matter-light interaction.In this work we demonstrate strong coupling between the charge degree offreedom in a gate-detuned GaAs double quantum dot (DQD) and a frequency-tunablehigh impedance resonator realized using an array of superconducting quantuminterference devices (SQUIDs). In the resonant regime, we resolve the vacuumRabi mode splitting of size $2g/2\pi = 238$ MHz at a resonator linewidth$\kappa/2\pi = 12$ MHz and a DQD charge qubit dephasing rate of $\gamma_2/2\pi= 80$ MHz extracted independently from microwave spectroscopy in the dispersiveregime. Our measurements indicate a viable path towards using circuit basedcavity QED for quantum information processing in semiconductor nano-structures.
Freestanding transparent terahertz half-wave plate using subwavelength  cut-wire pairs	2017	We designed a cut-wire-pair metasurface that works as a transparent terahertzhalf-wave plate, by matching the electric and magnetic resonances of thestructure. Due to the impedance matching nature of the resonances, a largetransmission phase shift between the orthogonal polarizations was achieved,while permitting a high transmission. The electric and magnetic responses ofthe proposed structure were confirmed by evaluating the electric admittance andmagnetic impedance. The structure was fabricated on a flexible film and itshelicity-conversion function in the terahertz frequency range wasexperimentally demonstrated. The thickness of the device is less than 1/10 ofthe working vacuum wavelength, and a high amplitude helicity conversion rateover 80% was achieved. Finally, using simulations, we demonstrate thefeasibility of the gradually rotating cut-wire-pair array in terahertzwave-front control.
On the Unique Determination of Modal Multiconductor Transmission-Line  Properties	2017	Some modal (or decoupled) transmission-line properties such asper-unit-length impedance, admittance, or characteristic impedance have longbeen held to be, in general, non-unique. This ambiguity arises from the natureof the similarity transformations used to relate the terminal and modaldomains, for which the voltage transformation matrix has been shown to be onlyloosely related to the corresponding current transformation matrix. Modernmethods have attempted to relate the two, but these relations typically rely onarbitrary normalizations, leading to strictly incorrect and/or non-uniqueresults. This work introduces relations between the two transformations,derived from the physical equivalence of total power and currents between thetwo domains, by which the transformation matrices can be unambiguously relatedto each other, and the modal properties uniquely solved. This technique allowsfor the correct extraction of the modal transmission-line properties for anyarbitrary system of conductors. Multiple examples are studied to validate theproposed solution process.
Monotonicity-based Electrical Impedance Tomography for Lung Imaging	2017	This paper presents a monotonicity-based spatiotemporal conductivity imagingmethod for continuous regional lung monitoring using electrical impedancetomography (EIT). The EIT data (i.e., the boundary current-voltage data) can bedecomposed into pulmonary, cardiac and other parts using their differentperiodic natures. The time-differential current-voltage operator correspondingto the lung ventilation can be viewed as either semi-positive or semi-negativedefinite owing to monotonic conductivity changes within the lung regions. Weused this monotonicity constraints to improve the quality of lung EIT imaging.We tested the proposed methods in numerical simulations, phantom experimentsand human experiments.
Guiding waves along an infinitesimal line between impedance surfaces	2017	We present a new electromagnetic mode that forms at the interface between twoplanar surfaces laid side by side in free space, effectively guiding energyalong an infinitesimal, one-dimensional line. It is shown that this mode occurswhen the boundaries have complementary surface impedances, and it is possibleto control the mode confinement by altering their values correspondingly. Themode exhibits singular field enhancement, broad bandwidth, direction-dependentpolarization, and robustness to certain defects. As a proof-of-concept,experimental results in the microwave regime are provided using patternedconducting sheets. Our proposed effective-medium-based approach is general,however, thus allowing for potential implementation up to optical frequencies.Our system is promising for applications including integrated photonics,sensing, switching, chiral quantum coupling, and reconfigurable waveguides.
Enhancing D-bar reconstructions for electrical impedance tomography with  conformal maps	2017	"We present a few ways of using conformal maps in the reconstruction oftwo-dimensional conductivities in electrical impedance tomography. First, byutilizing the Riemann mapping theorem, we can transform any simply connecteddomain of interest to the unit disk where the D-bar method can be implementedmost efficiently. In particular, this applies to the open upper half-plane.Second, in the unit disk we may choose a region of interest that is magnifiedusing a suitable M\""obius transform. To facilitate the efficient use ofconformal maps, we introduce input current patterns that are named conformallytransformed truncated Fourier basis; in practice, their use corresponds topositioning the available electrodes close to the region of interest. Theseideas are numerically tested using simulated continuum data in bounded domainsand simulated point electrode data in the half-plane. The connections topractical electrode measurements are also discussed."
Degree mixing in multilayer networks impedes the evolution of  cooperation	2014	Traditionally, the evolution of cooperation has been studied on single,isolated networks. Yet a player, especially in human societies, will typicallybe a member of many different networks, and those networks will play adifferent role in the evolutionary process. Multilayer networks are thereforerapidly gaining on popularity as the more apt description of a networkedsociety. With this motivation, we here consider 2-layer scale-free networkswith all possible combinations of degree mixing, wherein one network layer isused for the accumulation of payoffs and the other is used for strategyupdating. We find that breaking the symmetry through assortative mixing in onelayer and/or disassortative mixing in the other layer, as well as preservingthe symmetry by means of assortative mixing in both layers, impedes theevolution of cooperation. We use degree-dependent distributions of strategiesand cluster-size analysis to explain these results, which highlight theimportance of hubs and the preservation of symmetry between multilayer networksfor the successful resolution of social dilemmas.
Conservative L-systems and the Livic function	2014	"We study the connection between the Liv\v{s}ic class of functions $s(z)$ thatare the characteristic functions of densely defined symmetric operators $\dotA$ with deficiency indices $(1, 1)$, the characteristic functions $S(z)$ (theM\""obius transform of $s(z)$) of a maximal dissipative extension $T$ of $\dotA$ (determined by the von Neumann parameter $\kappa$ of the extension relativeto an appropriate basis in the deficiency subspaces) and the transfer functions$W_\Theta(z)$ of a conservative L-system $\Theta$ with the main operator $T$.It is shown that under a natural hypothesis $S(z)$ and $W_\Theta(z)$ arereciprocal to each other. In particular, when $\kappa=0$,$W_\Theta(z)=\frac{1}{S(z)}=-\frac{1}{s(z)}$. It is established that theimpedance function of a conservative L-system with the main operator $T$coincides with the function from the Donoghue class if and only if the vonNeumann parameter vanishes ($\kappa=0$). Moreover, we introduce the generalizedDonoghue class and obtain the criteria for an impedance function to belong tothis class. All results are illustrated by a number of examples."
Unusual microwave response and bulk conductivity of very thin  fese0.3te0.7 films as a function of temperature	2014	Results of X-band microwave surface impedance measurements of FeSe1-xTex verythin film are reported. The effective surface resistance shows appearance ofpeak at T less and near Tc when plotted as function of temperature. The authorssuggests that the most well-reasoned explanation can be based on the idea ofthe changing orientation of the microwave magnetic field at a SN phasetransition near the surface of a very thin film. The magnetic penetration depthexhibits a power-law behavior of delta lambda proportional to T with anexponent n = 2.4 at low temperatures, which is noticeably higher than in thepublished results on FeSe1-xTexsingle crystal. However the temperaturedependence of the superfluid conductivity remains very different from thebehavior described by the BCS theory. Experimental results are fitted very wellby a two-gap model with delta1/kTc=0.43 and delta2/kTc=1.22,thus supportings(+-)- wave symmetry. The rapid increase of the quasiparticle scattering timeis obtained from the microwave impedance measurements.
N-Version Obfuscation: Impeding Software Tampering Replication with  Program Diversity	2015	Tamper-resistance is a fundamental software security research area. Manyapproaches have been proposed to thwart specific procedures of tampering, e.g.,obfuscation and self-checksumming. However, to our best knowledge, none of themcan achieve theoretically tamper-resistance. Our idea is to impede thereplication of tampering via program diversification, and thus increasing thecomplexity to break the whole software system. To this end, we propose todeliver same featured, but functionally nonequivalent software copies todifferent machines. We formally define the problem as N-version obfuscation,and provide a viable means to solve the problem. Our evaluation result showsthat the time required for breaking a software system is linearly increasedwith the number of software versions, which is O(n) complexity.
A Hybrid Segmentation and D-bar Method for Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2015	The Regularized D-bar method for Electrical Impedance Tomography provides arigorous mathematical approach for solving the full nonlinear inverse problemdirectly, i.e. without iterations. It is based on a low-pass filtering in the(nonlinear) frequency domain. However, the resulting D-bar reconstructions areinherently smoothed leading to a loss of edge distinction. In this paper, anovel approach that combines the rigor of the D-bar approach with theedge-preserving nature of Total Variation regularization is presented. Themethod also includes a data-driven contrast adjustment technique guided by thekey functions (CGO solutions) of the D-bar method. The new TV-Enhanced D-barMethod produces reconstructions with sharper edges and improved contrast whilestill solving the full nonlinear problem. This is achieved by using theTV-induced edges to increase the truncation radius of the scattering data inthe nonlinear frequency domain thereby increasing the radius of the low passfilter. The algorithm is tested on numerically simulated noisy EIT data anddemonstrates significant improvements in edge preservation and contrast whichcan be highly valuable for absolute EIT imaging.
Nanostructured ZnO films: a study of molecular influence on transport  properties by impedance spectroscopy	2015	Nanomaterials based on ZnO have been used to build glucose sensors due to itshigh isoelectric point, which is important when a protein like glucose oxidase(GOx) is attached to a surface. It also creates a biologically friendlyenvironment to preserve the activity of the enzyme. In this work we study theelectrical transport properties of ZnO thin films (TFs) and single crystals(SC) in contact with different solutions by using impedance spectroscopy. Wehave found that the composition of the liquid, by means of the charge of theions, produces strong changes in the transport properties of the TF. The enzymeGOx and phosphate buffer solutions have the major effect in the conductionthrough the films, which can be explained by the entrapment of carriers at thegrain boundaries of the TFs. These results can help to design a new concept inglucose biosensing.
The energy resolution function of a tunnel junction	2015	The tunnel junction between tip and sample in a scanning tunneling microscopeis an ideal platform to access the local density of states in the samplethrough the differential conductance. We show that the energy resolution thatcan be obtained is principally limited by the electromagnetic interaction ofthe tunneling electrons with the surrounding environmental impedance as well asthe capacitative noise of the junction. The parameter tuning the sensitivity tothe environmental impedance is the capacitance of the tunnel junction. Thehigher the junction capacitance, the less sensitive the tunnel junction to theenvironment resulting in better energy resolution. Modeling this effect withinP(E)-theory, the P(E)-function describes the probability for a tunnelingelectron to exchange energy with the environment and can be regarded as theresolution function of the tunnel junction. We experimentally demonstrate thiseffect in a scanning tunneling microscope with a superconducting aluminum tipand a superconducting aluminum sample at a base temperature of 15mK, where itis most pronounced.
Coupling of microwave magnetic dynamics in thin ferromagnetic films to  stripline transducers in the geometry of the broadband stripline  ferromagnetic resonance	2015	We constructed a quasi-analytical self-consistent model of thestripline-based broadband ferromagnetic resonance (FMR) measurements offerromagnetic films. Exchange-free description of magnetization dynamics in thefilms allowed us to obtain simple analytical expressions. They enable quick andefficient numerical simulations of the dynamics. With this model we studied thecontribution of radiation losses to the ferromagnetic resonance linewidth, asmeasured with the stripline FMR. We found that for films with largeconductivity of metals the radiation losses are significantly smaller than formagneto-insulating films. Excitation of microwave eddy currents in thesematerials contributes to the total microwave impedance of the system. Thisleads to impedance mismatch with the film environment resulting in decouplingof the film from the environment and, ultimately, to smaller radiation losses.We also show that the radiation losses drop with an increase in the striplinewidth and when the sample is lifted up from the stripline surface. Hence, inorder to eliminate this measurement artifact one needs to use wide striplinesand introduce a spacer between the film and the sample surface. The radiationlosses contribution is larger for thicker films.
Enhancing residual-based techniques with shape reconstruction features  in Electrical Impedance Tomography	2015	In electrical impedance tomography, algorithms based on minimizing alinearized residual functional have been widely used due to their flexibilityand good performance in practice. However, no rigorous convergence results havebeen available in the literature yet, and reconstructions tend to containringing artifacts. In this work, we shall minimize the linearized residualfunctional under a linear constraint defined by a monotonicity test, whichplays a role of a special regularizer. Global convergence is then establishedto guarantee that this method is stable under the effects of noise. Moreover,numerical results show that this method yields good shape reconstructions underhigh levels of noise without appearance of artifacts.
Direct inversion from partial-boundary data in electrical impedance  tomography	2016	In Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) one wants to image the conductivitydistribution of a body from current and voltage measurements carried out on itsboundary. In this paper we consider the underlying mathematical model, theinverse conductivity problem, in two dimensions and under the realisticassumption that only a part of the boundary is accessible to measurements. Inthis framework our data are modeled as a partial Neumann-to-Dirichlet map (NDmap). We compare this data to the full-boundary ND map and prove that the errordepends linearly on the size of the missing part of the boundary. The samelinear dependence is further proved for the difference of the reconstructedconductivities -- from partial and full boundary data. The reconstruction isbased on a truncated and linearized D-bar method. Auxiliary results include anextrapolation method to obtain the full-boundary data from the measured one, anapproximation of the complex geometrical optics solutions computed directlyfrom the ND map as well as an approximate scattering transform forreconstructing the conductivity. Numerical verification of the convergenceresults and reconstructions are presented for simulated test cases.
Electrical measurement of magnetic-field-impeded polarity switching of a  ferromagnetic vortex core	2016	Vortex core polarity switching in NiFe disks has been evidenced using anall-electrical rectification scheme. Both simulation and experiments yield aconsistent loss of the rectified signal when driving the core at high powersnear its gyrotropic resonant frequency. The frequency range over which the lossoccurs grows and shifts with increasing signal power, consistent withnon-linear core dynamics and periodic switching of the core polarity induced bythe core attaining its critical velocity. We demonstrate that core polarityswitching can be impeded by displacing the core towards the disk's edge wherean increased core stiffness reduces the maximum attainable core velocity.
Power dissipation in fractal AC circuits	2016	We extend Feynman's analysis of an infinite ladder circuit to fractalcircuits, providing examples in which fractal circuits constructed with purelyimaginary impedances can have characteristic impedances with positive realpart. Using (weak) self-similarity of our fractal structures, we providealgorithms for studying the equilibrium distribution of energy on thesecircuits. This extends the analysis of self-similar resistance networksintroduced by Fukushima, Kigami, Kusuoka, and more recently studied byStrichartz et al.
Compensation for geometric modeling errors by electrode movement in  electrical impedance tomography	2016	Electrical impedance tomography aims at reconstructing the conductivityinside a physical body from boundary measurements of current and voltage at afinite number of contact electrodes. In many practical applications, the shapeof the imaged object is subject to considerable uncertainties that renderreconstructing the internal conductivity impossible if they are not taken intoaccount. This work numerically demonstrates that one can compensate forinaccurate modeling of the object boundary in two spatial dimensions byestimating the locations and sizes of the electrodes as a part of areconstruction algorithm. The numerical studies, which are based on bothsimulated and experimental data, are complemented by proving that the employedcomplete electrode model is approximately conformally invariant, which suggeststhat the obtained reconstructions in mismodeled domains reflect conformalimages of the true targets. The numerical experiments also confirm that asimilar approach does not, in general, lead to a functional algorithm in threedimensions.
Broadband parametric amplifiers based on nonlinear kinetic inductance  artificial transmission lines	2017	We present broadband parametric amplifiers based on the kinetic inductance ofsuperconducting NbTiN thin films in an artificial (lumped-element) transmissionline architecture. We demonstrate two amplifier designs implementing differentphase matching techniques: periodic impedance loadings, and resonator phaseshifters placed periodically along the transmission line. Our design offersseveral advantages over previous CPW-based amplifiers, including intrinsic 50ohm characteristic impedance, natural suppression of higher pump harmonics,lower required pump power, and shorter total trace length. Experimentalrealizations of both versions of the amplifiers are demonstrated. With atransmission line length of 20 cm, we have achieved gains of 15 dB over severalGHz of bandwidth.
Open 2D Electrical Impedance Tomography data archive	2017	This document reports an Open 2D Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) dataset. The EIT measurements were collected from a circular body (a flat tankfilled with saline) with various choices of conductive and resistiveinclusions. Data are available at http://fips.fi/ EIT_dataset.php and can befreely used for scientific purposes with appropriate references to them, and tothis document at https://arxiv.org. The data set consists of (1) currentpatterns and voltage measurements of a circular tank containing differenttargets, (2) photos of the tank and targets and (3) a MATLAB-code for readingthe data. A video report of the data collection session is available athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65Zca_qd1Y8.
Approaching ultra-strong coupling in Transmon circuit-QED using a  high-impedance resonator	2017	In this experiment, we couple a superconducting Transmon qubit to ahigh-impedance $645\ \Omega$ microwave resonator. Doing so leads to a largequbit-resonator coupling rate $g$, measured through a large vacuum Rabisplitting of $2g\simeq 910$ MHz. The coupling is a significant fraction of thequbit and resonator oscillation frequencies $\omega$, placing our system closeto the ultra-strong coupling regime ($\bar{g}=g/\omega=0.071$ on resonance).Combining this setup with a vacuum-gap Transmon architecture shows thepotential of reaching deep into the ultra-strong coupling $\bar{g} \sim 0.45$with Transmon qubits.
Inversion formulas for the linearized impedance tomography problem	2017	"We consider the linearized electrical impedance tomography problem in twodimensions on the unit disk. By a linearization around constant coefficientsand using a trigonometric basis, we calculate the linearizedDirichlet-to-Neumann operator in terms of moments of the conduction coefficientof the problem. By expanding this coefficient into angular trigonometricfunctions and Legendre-M\""untz polynomials in radial coordinates, we can find alower-triangular representation of the parameter to data mapping. As aconsequence, we find an explicit solution formula for the corresponding inverseproblem. Furthermore, we also consider the problem with boundary data givenonly on parts of the boundary while setting homogeneous Dirichlet values on therest. We show that the conduction coefficient is uniquely determined fromincomplete data of the linearized Dirichlet-to-Neumann operator with anexplicit solution formula provided."
Exploring the performance of thin-film superconducting multilayers as  Kinetic Inductance Detectors for low-frequency detection	2017	We have solved numerically the diffusive Usadel equations that describe thespatially-varying superconducting proximity effect in Ti-Al thin-film bi- andtrilayers with thickness values that are suitable for Kinetic InductanceDetectors (KIDs) to operate as photon detectors with detection thresholds inthe frequency range of 50-90 GHz. Using Nam's extension of the Mattis-Bardeencalculation of the superconductor complex conductivity, we show how tocalculate the surface impedance for the spatially varying case, and hence thesurface impedance quality factor. In addition, we calculate energy-andspatially-averaged quasiparticle lifetimes at temperatures well-below thetransition temperature and compare to calculation in Al. Our results for thepair-breaking threshold demonstrate differences between bilayers and trilayerswith the same total film thicknesses. We also predict high quality factors andlong multilayer-averaged quasiparticle recombination times compared tothin-film Al. Our calculations give a route for designing KIDs to operate inthis scientifically-important frequency regime.
A Trefftz Discontinuous Galerkin Method for Time Harmonic Waves with  Generalized Impedance Boundary Conditions	2017	We show how a Trefftz Discontinuous Galerkin (TDG) method for thedisplacement form of the Helmholtz equation can be used to approximate problemshaving a generalized impedance boundary condition (GIBC) involving surfacederivatives of the solution. Such boundary conditions arise naturally whenmodeling scattering from a scatterer with a thin coating. The thin coating canthen be approximated by a GIBC. A second place GIBCs arise is as higher orderabsorbing boundary conditions. This paper also covers both cases. Because theTDG scheme has discontinuous elements, we propose to couple it to a surfacediscretization of the GIBC using continuous finite elements. We proveconvergence of the resulting scheme and demonstrate it with two numericalexamples.
Edge states in self-complementary checkerboard photonic crystals: Zak  phase, surface impedance and experimental verification	2017	Edge states of photonic crystals have attracted much attention for thepotential applications such as high transmission waveguide bends, spindependent splitters and one-way photonic circuits. Here, we theoreticallydiscuss and experimentally observe the deterministic edge states incheckerboard photonic crystals. Due to the self-complementarity of checkerboardphotonic crystals, a common band gap is structurally protected between twophotonic crystals with different unit cells. Deterministic edge states arefound inside the common band gap by exploiting the Zak phase analysis andsurface impedance calculation. These edge states are also confirmed by amicrowave experiment.
Arbitrary beam control using passive lossless metasurfaces enabled by  orthogonally-polarized custom surface waves	2017	For passive, lossless impenetrable metasurfaces, a design technique forarbitrary beam control of receiving, guiding, and launching is presented.Arbitrary control is enabled by a custom surface wave in an orthogonalpolarization such that its addition to the incident (input) and the desiredscattered (output) fields is supported by a reactive surface impedanceeverywhere on the reflecting surface. Such a custom surface wave (SW) takes theform of an evanescent wave propagating along the surface with a spatiallyvarying envelope. A growing SW appears when an illuminating beam is received.The SW amplitude stays constant when power is guided along the surface. Theamplitude diminishes as a propagating wave (PW) is launched from the surface asa leaky wave. The resulting reactive tensor impedance profile may be realizedas an array of anisotropic metallic resonators printed on a grounded dielectricsubstrate. Illustrative design examples of a Gaussian beamtranslator-reflector, a probe-fed beam launcher, and a near-field focusing lensare provided.
Investigations of a Robotic Testbed with Viscoelastic Liquid Cooled  Actuators	2017	We design, build, and thoroughly test a new type of actuator dubbedviscoelastic liquid cooled actuator (VLCA) for robotic applications. VLCAsexcel in the following five critical axes of performance: energy efficiency,torque density, impact resistence, joint position and force controllability. Wefirst study the design objectives and choices of the VLCA to enhance theperformance on the needed criteria. We follow by an investigation onviscoelastic materials in terms of their damping, viscous and hysteresisproperties as well as parameters related to the long- term performance. As partof the actuator design, we configure a disturbance observer to providehigh-fidelity force control to enable a wide range of impedance controlcapabilities. We proceed to design a robotic system capable to lift payloads of32.5 kg, which is three times larger than its own weight. In addition, weexperiment with Cartesian trajectory control up to 2 Hz with a vertical rangeof motion of 32 cm while carrying a payload of 10 kg. Finally, we performexperiments on impedance control and mechanical robustness by studying theresponse of the robotics testbed to hammering impacts and external forceinteractions.
Deep D-bar: Real time Electrical Impedance Tomography Imaging with Deep  Neural Networks	2017	The mathematical problem for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is ahighly nonlinear ill-posed inverse problem requiring carefully designedreconstruction procedures to ensure reliable image generation. D-bar methodsare based on a rigorous mathematical analysis and provide robust directreconstructions by using a low-pass filtering of the associated nonlinearFourier data. Similarly to low-pass filtering of linear Fourier data, onlyusing low frequencies in the image recovery process results in blurred imageslacking sharp features such as clear organ boundaries. Convolutional NeuralNetworks provide a powerful framework for post-processing such convolved directreconstructions. In this study, we demonstrate that these CNN techniques leadto sharp and reliable reconstructions even for the highly nonlinear inverseproblem of EIT. The network is trained on data sets of simulated examples andthen applied to experimental data without the need to perform an additionaltransfer training. Results for absolute EIT images are presented usingexperimental EIT data from the ACT4 and KIT4 EIT systems.
Magnet Resonance Electrical Impedance Tomography (MREIT): Convergence  and Reduced Basis Approach	2017	This article considers the inverse problem of Magnet resonance electricalimpedance tomography (MREIT) in two dimensions. A rigorous mathematicalframework for this inverse problem as well as the existing Harmonic $B_z$Algorithm as a solution algorithm are presented. The convergence theory of thisalgorithm is extended, such that the usage an approximative forward solution ofthe underlying partial differential equation (PDE) in the algorithm issufficient for convergence. Motivated by this result, a novel algorithm isdeveloped where it is the aim to speed-up the existing Harmonic $B_z$Algorithm. This is achieved by combining it with an adaptive variant of thereduced basis method, a model order reduction technique. In a numericalexperiment a high-resolution image of the shepp-logan phantom is reconstructedand both algorithms are compared.
A Novel RF Energy Harvesting Module Integrated on a Single Substrate	2017	This paper presents the RF energy harvesting module (RECTENNA). The workingrange of this module includes multiple bands i.e. GSM, ISM, WLAN, and UWB band.To enhance the capturing RF power capability an array arrangement of coplanarmonopole antenna has been proposed. Wilkinson power combiner has also beenimplemented to combine the powers of this antenna array. The RF DC convertercircuit having seven stages has also been integrated with this structure. Thismodule produces the DC voltage of 1.8V with respect to +40dB RF input. It isthe unique module because it has no need of port connectors. The impedancematching of antenna and converter has been fulfilled by incorporating thepassive component at the combiners branch. The value of this passive componentis kept equal to the existing value of impedance at input port of convertercircuit.
Controlling phase of microwaves with active graphene surfaces	2018	In this letter, we report a method to control reflection phase of microwavesusing electrically tunable graphene devices. The device consists of mutuallygated large-area graphene layers placed at a quarter-wave distance from ametallic surface. This device structure yields electrically tunable resonanceabsorbance and step-like phase shift around the resonance frequency when theimpedance of graphene matches with the free space impedance. Electrostaticcontrol of charge density on graphene yields an ability to control bothintensity (> 50 dB) and phase (~pi) of the reflected electromagnetic waves withvoltage. Furthermore, using the asymmetry of the doping at opposite polarity ofthe bias voltages, we showed bidirectional phase control with the appliedvoltage. We anticipate that our results will pave a new directions to controlinteraction of electromagnetic waves with matter for long wavelengths and couldopen a new avenue for microwave devices.
Random matrix approach to plasmon resonances in the random impedance  network model of disordered nanocomposites	2018	Random impedance networks are widely used as a model to describe plasmonresonances in disordered metal-dielectric and other two-componentnanocomposites. In the present work, the spectral properties of resonances inrandom networks are studied within the framework of the random matrix theory.We have shown that the appropriate ensemble of random matrices for theconsidered problem is the Jacobi ensemble (the MANOVA ensemble). The obtainedanalytical expressions for the density of states in such resonant networks showa good agreement with the results of numerical simulations in a wide range ofmetal filling fractions $0<p<1$. A correspondence with the effective mediumapproximation is observed.
Cation Discrimination in Organic Electrochemical Transistors by Dual  Frequency Sensing	2018	In this work, we propose a strategy to sense quantitatively and specificallycations, out of a single organic electrochemical transistor (OECT) deviceexposed to an electrolyte. From the systematic study of six different chloridesalts over 12 different concentrations, we demonstrate that the impedance ofthe OECT device is governed by either the channel dedoping at low frequency andthe electrolyte gate capacitive coupling at high frequency. Specific cationicsignatures, which originates from the different impact of the cations behavioron the poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS)polymer and their conductivity in water, allow their discrimination at the samemolar concentrations. Dynamic analysis of the device impedance at differentfrequencies could allow the identification of specific ionic flows which couldbe of a great use in bioelectronics to further interpret complex mechanisms inbiological media such as in the brain.
Quantitative Measurements of Nanoscale Permittivity and Conductivity  Using Tuning-fork-based Microwave Impedance Microscopy	2018	We report quantitative measurements of nanoscale permittivity andconductivity using tuning-fork (TF) based microwave impedance microscopy (MIM).The system is operated under the driving amplitude modulation mode, whichensures satisfactory feedback stability on samples with rough surfaces. Thedemodulated MIM signals on a series of bulk dielectrics are in good agreementwith results simulated by finite-element analysis. Using the TF-MIM, we havevisualized the evolution of nanoscale conductance on back-gated $MoS_2$ fieldeffect transistors and the results are consistent with the transport data. Ourwork suggests that quantitative analysis of mesoscopic electrical propertiescan be achieved by near-field microwave imaging with small distance modulation.
Electrical Impedance Tomography with Restricted Dirichlet-to-Neumann Map  Data	2018	"We propose a new numerical method to reconstruct the isotropic electricalconductivity from measured restricted Dirichlet-to-Neumann map data inelectrical impedance tomography (EIT) model. ""Restricted Dirichlet-to-Neumann(DtN) map data"" means that the Dirichlet and Neumann boundary data for EIT aregenerated by a point source running either along an interval of a straight lineor along a curve located outside of the domain of interest. We ""convexify"" theproblem via constructing a globally strictly convex Tikhonov-like functionalusing a Carleman Weight Function. In particular, two new Carleman estimates areestablished. Global convergenceto the correct solution of the gradientprojection method for this functional is proven. Numerical examples demonstratea good performance of this numerical procedure."
Decentralised L1 Adaptive Primary Controllers and Distributed  Consensus-Based Secondary Control for DC Microgrids with Constant-Power Loads	2018	Constant-power loads are notoriously known to destabilise power systems, suchas DC microgrids, due to their negative incremental impedance. This paperequips distributed generation units with decentralised L1 adaptive controllersat the primary level of the microgrid control hierarchy. Necessary andsufficient conditions are provided to local controllers for overall microgridstability when constant-power loads are connected. The advantages of thearchitecture over conventional heuristic approaches are: (i) scalable design,(ii) plug-and-play functionality, (iii) well defined performance and robustnessguarantees in a heterogeneous and uncertain system, and (iv) avoids the needfor online measurements to obtain non-a priori system impedance information.The proposed primary control architecture is evaluated with distributedconsensus-based secondary level controls using a bus-connected DC microgrid,which consists of DC-DC buck and boost converters, linear and non-linear loads.Stability of the overall hierarchical control system is proven using aunit-gain approximation of the primary level.
Regularity results for the time-harmonic Maxwell equations with  impedance boundary condition	2018	This paper considers the time-harmonic Maxwell equations with impedanceboundary condition.We present $H^2$-norm bound and other high-order norm boundsfor strong solutions. The $H^2$-estimate have been derived in [M. Dauge, M.Costabel and S. Nicaise, Tech. Rep. 10-09, IRMAR (2010)] for the case withhomogeneous boundary condition. Unfortunately, their method can not be appliedto the inhomogeneous case. The main novelty of this paper is that we follow thespirit of the $H^1$-estimate in [R. Hiptmair, A. Moiola and I. Perugia, Math.Models Methods Appl. Sci., 21(2011), pp. 2263-2287] and modify the proof byapplying two inequalities of Friedrichs' type to make the $H^1$-estimate moveinto $H^2$-estimate and $W^{m, p}$-estimate.Finally, the dependence of theregularity estimates on the wave number is obtained, which will play animportant role in the convergence analysis of the numerical solutions for thetime-harmonic Maxwell equations.
Graphene Based Terahertz Phase Modulators	2018	Electrical control of amplitude and phase of terahertz radiation (THz) is thekey technological challenge for high resolution and noninvasive THz imaging.The lack of an active materials and devices hinders the realization of theseimaging systems. Here, we demonstrate an efficient terahertz phase andamplitude modulation using electrically tunable graphene devices. Our devicestructure consists of electrolyte-gated graphene placed at quarter wavelengthdistance from a reflecting metallic surface. In this geometry, grapheneoperates as a tunable impedance surface which yields electrically controlledreflection phase. Terahertz time domain reflection spectroscopy reveals thevoltage controlled phase modulation of {\pi} and the reflection modulation of50 dB. To show the promises of our approach, we demonstrate a multipixel phasemodulator array which operates as a gradient impedance surface.
Ionic-to-electronic current amplification in hybrid perovskite solar  cells: ionically gated transistor-interface circuit model explains hysteresis  and impedance of mixed conducting devices	2018	Mobile ions in hybrid perovskite semiconductors introduce a new degree offreedom to electronic devices suggesting applications beyond photovoltaics. Anintuitive device model describing the interplay between ionic and electroniccharge transfer is needed to unlock the full potential of the technology. Wedescribe the perovskite-contact interfaces as transistors which couple ioniccharge redistribution to energetic barriers controlling electronic injectionand recombination. This reveals an amplification factor between the out ofphase electronic current and the ionic current. Our findings suggest a strategyto design thin film electronic components with large, tuneable, capacitor-likeand inductor-like characteristics. The resulting simple equivalent circuitmodel, which we verified with time-dependent drift-diffusion simulations ofmeasured impedance spectra, allows a general description and interpretation ofperovskite solar cell behaviour.
Visualization of Surface-acoustic-wave Potential by Transmission-mode  Microwave Impedance Microscopy	2018	Elastic waves propagating in piezoelectric materials are accompanied by atime-varying electric potential, which is of critical importance foracousto-electronic applications. The spatial mapping of such a potential atmicrowave frequencies is challenging since the characteristic length scale isdetermined by the acoustic wavelength of several micrometers. In this work, wereport the visualization of surface acoustic waves (SAWs) on ferroelectricsamples by transmission-mode microwave impedance microscopy (T-MIM). The SAWpotential launched by the interdigital transducer is detected by the tip anddemodulated by the microwave electronics as time-independent spatial patterns.Wave phenomena such as interference and diffraction are imaged and the resultsare in excellent agreement with the theoretical analysis. Our work opens up anew avenue to study various electromechanical systems in a spatially resolvedmanner.
A Framework for Robot Manipulation: Skill Formalism, Meta Learning and  Adaptive Control	2018	In this paper we introduce a novel framework for expressing and learningforce-sensitive robot manipulation skills. It is based on a formalism thatextends our previous work on adaptive impedance control with meta parameterlearning and compatible skill specifications. This way the system is also ableto make use of abstract expert knowledge by incorporating process descriptionsand quality evaluation metrics. We evaluate various state-of-the-art schemesfor the meta parameter learning and experimentally compare selected ones. Ourresults clearly indicate that the combination of our adaptive impedancecontroller with a carefully defined skill formalism significantly reduces thecomplexity of manipulation tasks even for learning peg-in-hole withsubmillimeter industrial tolerances. Overall, the considered system is able tolearn variations of this skill in under 20 minutes. In fact, experimentally thesystem was able to perform the learned tasks faster than humans, leading to thefirst learning-based solution of complex assembly at such real-worldperformance.
Estimating The Mean Linewidth And Lifetime of Solar-like Oscillations of  Stars	2018	\textbf{Scaling formulas were} deduced to describe the relations between thefundamental stellar parameters and the mean \textbf{linewidth and lifetime} ofsolar-like oscillations of stars. The mean \textbf{linewidth and} lifetime ofsolar-like oscillations \textbf{are dependent on the large frequencyseparation, the effective temperature, and the acoustic impedance ($\rho c$) inthe photosphere} of stars. The mean lifetime \textbf{can be} approximate to thelifetime of the mode with $\nu\sim\nu_{max}$. We compared the results of thescaling relations with the mean lifetimes of solar-like oscillations of starsobserved by \textit{Kepler} and \textit{CoRoT}, which shows that the observedmean lifetimes are reproduced well by the scaling relations. The dependence ofthe mean lifetime on \textbf{the} large frequency separation, the effectivetemperature, and the acoustic impedance of stars \textbf{indicates} thatlifetimes of solar-like oscillations rely on the mass and evolutionary phase ofstars. Moreover, our calculations show that the mean lifetimes of $p$-modes ofstars can be affected by metallicity abundances.
Exact solution for surface wave to space wave conversion by periodical  impenetrable metasurfaces	2018	We show that there exists an exact solution for a lossless and reciprocalperiodic surface impedance which ensures full conversion of a single-modesurface wave propagating along the impedance boundary to a single plane wavepropagating along a desired direction in free space above the boundary. Incontrast to known realizations of leaky-wave antennas, the optimal surfacereactance modulation which is found here ensures the absence of evanescenthigher-order modes of the Floquet wave expansion of fields near the radiatingsurface. Thus, all the energy carried by the surface wave is used for launchingthe single inhomogeneous plane wave into space, without accumulation ofreactive energy in higher-order modes. The results of the study are expected tobe useful for creation of leaky-wave antennas with the ultimate efficiency,and, moreover, can potentially lead to novel applications, from microwaves tonanophotonics.
Superabsorbing metamaterial wormhole: Physical modeling and wave  interaction effects	2018	Conjugate-impedance matched superabsorbers are metamaterial bodies whoseeffective absorption cross section greatly exceeds their physical dimension.Such objects are able to receive radiation when it is not directly incident ontheir surface. Here, we develop methods of physical modeling of such structuresand investigate interactions of the superabsorbers with passing electromagneticradiation. The particular superabsorbing structure under study is a wormholecomprised of meshes of loaded transmission lines. A theory of electromagneticwave propagation and absorption in such metamaterial structures is developed.At the frequency of operation, the structure exhibits greatly enhancedabsorption as compared to the black body-type absorber of the same size.Peculiar wave absorption effects such as trapping of nearby passing beams ofelectromagnetic radiation are demonstrated by numerical simulations. Possiblemodifications of the wormhole structure under the goal of optimizing absorptionwhile minimizing complexity of the involved metamaterials are discussed.Conjugate-impedance matched superabsorbers may find applications as efficientharvesters of electromagnetic radiation, novel antennas, and sensors.
A Hybrid Dynamic-regenerative Damping Scheme for Energy Regeneration in  Variable Impedance Actuators	2018	Increasing research efforts have been made to improve the energy efficiencyof variable impedance actuators (VIAs) through reduction of energy consumption.However, the harvesting of dissipated energy in such systems remainsunderexplored. This study proposes a novel variable damping module designenabling energy regeneration in VIAs by exploiting the regenerative brakingeffect of DC motors. The proposed damping module uses four switches to combineregenerative and dynamic braking, in a hybrid approach that enables energyregeneration without reduction in the range of damping achievable. Numericalsimulations and a physical experiment are presented in which the proposedmodule shows an optimal trade-off between task performance and energyefficiency.
A Feature Selection Method for High Impedance Fault Detection	2018	High impedance fault (HIF) has been a challenging task to detect indistribution networks. On one hand, although several types of HIF models areavailable for HIF study, they are still not exhibiting satisfactory faultwaveforms. On the other hand, utilizing historical data has been a trendrecently for using machine learning methods to improve HIF detection.Nonetheless, most proposed methodologies address the HIF issue starting withinvestigating a limited group of features and can hardly provide a practicaland implementable solution. This paper, however, proposes a systematic designof feature extraction, based on an HIF detection and classification method. Forexample, features are extracted according to when, how long, and what magnitudethe fault events create. Complementary power expert information is alsointegrated into the feature pools. Subsequently, we propose a ranking procedurein the feature pool for balancing the information gain and the complexity toavoid over-fitting. For implementing the framework, we create an HIF detectionlogic from a practical perspective. Numerical methods show the proposed HIFdetector has very high dependability and security performance under multiplefault scenarios comparing with other traditional methods.
Uniqueness and Lipschitz stability in Electrical Impedance Tomography  with finitely many electrodes	2018	For the linearized reconstruction problem in Electrical Impedance Tomography(EIT) with the Complete Electrode Model (CEM), Lechleiter and Rieder (2008Inverse Problems 24 065009) have shown that a piecewise polynomial conductivityon a fixed partition is uniquely determined if enough electrodes are beingused. We extend their result to the full non-linear case and show thatmeasurements on a sufficiently high number of electrodes uniquely determine aconductivity in any finite-dimensional subset of piecewise-analytic functions.We also prove Lipschitz stability, and derive analogue results for thecontinuum model, where finitely many measurements determine afinite-dimensional Galerkin projection of the Neumann-to-Dirichlet operator ona boundary part.
Breast Cancer Detection through Electrical Impedance Tomography and  Optimal Control Theory: Theoretical and Computational Analysis	2018	The Inverse Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) problem on recoveringelectrical conductivity tensor and potential in the body based on themeasurement of the boundary voltages on the electrodes for a given electrodecurrent is analyzed. A PDE constrained optimal control framework in Besov spaceis pursued, where the electrical conductivity tensor and boundary voltages arecontrol parameters, and the cost functional is the norm declinations of theboundary electrode current from the given current pattern and boundaryelectrode voltages from the measurements. The state vector is a solution of thesecond order elliptic PDE in divergence form with bounded measurablecoefficients under mixed Neumann/Robin type boundary condition. Existence ofthe optimal control and Fr\'echet differentiability in the Besov space settingis proved. The formula for the Fr\'echet gradient and optimality condition isderived. Extensive numerical analysis is pursued in the 2D case by implementingthe projective gradient method, re-parameterization via principal componentanalysis (PCA) and Tikhonov regularization.
Cryogenic differential amplifier for NMR applications	2018	We have designed and characterized a cryogenic amplifier for use in $^3$HeNMR spectrometry. The amplifier, with a power consumption of $\sim 2.5$ mW,works at temperatures down to 4~K. It has a hi-impedance input for measuring asignal from NMR resonant circuit, and a 50 $\mathrm{\Omega}$ differential inputwhich can be used for pick-up compensation and gain calibration. At 4.2 K, theamplifier has a voltage gain of 45, output resistance 146 $\mathrm{\Omega}$ anda 4.4 MHz bandwidth starting from DC. At 1 MHz, the voltage and current noiseamount to 1.3 $\mbox{nV}/\sqrt{\mbox{Hz}}$ and 12 $\mbox{fA}/\sqrt{\mbox{Hz}}$,respectively, which yields an optimal source impedance of $\sim 100$k$\mathrm{\Omega}$.
Probing the Magnetodynamics of Magnetic Tunnel Junctions with the Aid of  SiGe HBTs	2018	High impedance (about 1 Megaohm) magnetic tunnel junctions (MTJs) are used toobserve and record the magnetodynamics of the nanomagnets that form thejunctions themselves. To counteract the bandwidth limitations caused by thehigh impedance of the junction and the parasitic capacitance intrinsic to anycryogenic system, silicon-germanium heterojunction bipolar transistors (SiGeHBTs) are used as cryogenic preamplifiers for the MTJs. The resultingmeasurement improvements include an increase in bandwidth by a factor of 3.89,an increase in signal-to-noise ratio by a factor of 6.62, and a gain of 7.75 ofthe TMR signal produced by the MTJ. The limitation to the measurement systemwas found to be from the external, room temperature electronics. Despite thislimitation, these improvements allow for better time-resolved magnetodynamicsmeasurements of the MTJs. These experiments pave the way for future cryogenic,magnetodynamics measurement improvements, and could even be useful in cryogenicmemory applications.
Antibunched photons emitted by a dc biased Josephson junction	2018	We show experimentally that a dc biased Josephson junction in series with ahigh-enough impedance microwave resonator emits antibunched photons. Ourresonator is made of a simple micro-fabricated spiral coil that resonates at4.4 GHz and reaches a 1.97 k$\Omega$ characteristic impedance. The second ordercorrelation function of the power leaking out of the resonator drops down to0.3 at zero delay, which demonstrates the antibunching of the photons emittedby the circuit at a rate of 6 $10^7$ photons per second. Results are found inquantitative agreement with our theoretical predictions. This simple schemecould offer an efficient and bright single-photon source in the microwavedomain.
Two SQUID amplifiers intended to alleviate the summing node inductance  problem in multiplexed arrays of Transition Edge Sensors	2018	Frequency Domain Multiplexed detector arrays constructed of superconductingTransition Edge Sensors in the current-summing configuration suffer from thefinite impedance of the summing node which should ideally be zero. We suggesttwo circuits to alleviate the effect. The first circuit uses a capacitiveresonant transformer to increase the voltages and decrease the currents of TESsignals to overcome the parasitic inductance of the interconnections. On theSQUID chip impedance transform to the opposite direction takes place. Thesecond circuit implements a power combiner having a better branch-to-branchisolation than a simple T-junction. Two SQUID devices have been designed andfabricated for a proof-of-principle demonstration of the circuits.
Resolution Guarantees in Electrical Impedance Tomography	2018	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) uses current-voltage measurements onthe surface of an imaging subject to detect conductivity changes or anomalies.EIT is a promising new technique with great potential in medical imaging andnon-destructive testing. However, in many applications, EIT suffers frominconsistent reliability due to its enormous sensitivity to modeling andmeasurement errors.  In this work we show that rigorous resolution guarantees are possible withina realistic EIT measurement setting including systematic and random errors. Wederive a constructive criterion to decide whether a desired resolution can beachieved in a given measurement setup. Our result covers the detection ofanomalies of a known minimal contrast using noisy measurements on a number ofelectrodes attached to a subject with imprecisely known backgroundconductivity.
Recycling cardiogenic artifacts in impedance pneumography	2018	Purpose: Biomedical sensors often exhibit cardiogenic artifacts which, whiledistorting the signal of interest, carry useful hemodynamic information. Wepropose an algorithm to remove and extract hemodynamic information from thesecardiogenic artifacts. Methods: We apply a nonlinear time-frequency analysistechnique, the de-shape synchrosqueezing transform (dsSST), to adaptivelyisolate the high- and low-frequency components of a single-channel signal. Wedemonstrate this technique's effectiveness by removing and deriving hemodynamicinformation from the cardiogenic artifact in an impedance pneumography (IP).Results: The instantaneous heart rate is extracted, and the cardiac andrespiratory signals are reconstructed. Conclusions: The dsSST is suitable forgenerating useful hemodynamic information from the cardiogenic artifact in asingle-channel IP. We propose that the usefulness of the dsSST as a recyclingtool extends to other biomedical sensors exhibiting cardiogenic artifacts.
Beltrami-Net: Domain Independent Deep D-bar Learning for Absolute  Imaging with Electrical Impedance Tomography (a-EIT)	2018	Objective: To develop, and demonstrate the feasibility of, a novel imagereconstruction method for absolute Electrical Impedance Tomography (a-EIT) thatpairs deep learning techniques with real-time robust D-bar methods. Approach: AD-bar method is paired with a trained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) as apost-processing step. Training data is simulated for the network using noknowledge of the boundary shape by using an associated nonphysical Beltramiequation rather than simulating the traditional current and voltage dataspecific to a given domain. This allows the training data to be boundary shapeindependent. The method is tested on experimental data from two EIT systems(ACT4 and KIT4). Main Results: Post processing the D-bar images with a CNNproduces significant improvements in image quality measured by StructuralSIMilarity indices (SSIMs) as well as relative $\ell_2$ and $\ell_1$ imageerrors. Significance: This work demonstrates that more general networks can betrained without being specific about boundary shape, a key challenge in EITimage reconstruction. The work is promising for future studies involvingdatabases of anatomical atlases.
Effect of Crab cavity HOMs on the coupled-bunch stability of HL-LHC	2018	High frequency High Order Modes can significantly affect the coupled-bunchstability in a circular accelerator. With a large enough shunt impedance theymay drive a coupled-bunch transverse instability. We have developed ananalytical model and implemented it in the NHT Vlasov solver. The results showthat the instability is characterized by the excitation of many azimuthalintra-bunch modes, which have similar growth rates, that make the traditionalremedies such as a flat resistive feedback and chromaticity inefficient insuppressing it. For the High Luminosity Large Hadron Collider this could resultin a significant increase of the stabilizing Landau octupole current, up to$\sim 100$ A ($\sim 20\%$ of the maximum available current). In order to limitthe increase below 10 A ($\sim 2\%$), the transverse shunt impedance has to bekept below 1 M$\Omega$/m.
Small-signal equivalent circuit for double quantum dots at  low-frequencies	2018	Due to the quantum nature of current flow in single-electron devices, newphysical phenomena can manifest when probed at finite frequencies. Here, wepresent a semi-classical small-signal model approach to replace complexsingle-electron devices by linear parametric circuit components that could bereadily used in analogue circuit simulators. Our approach is based onweakly-driven quantum two-level systems and here we use it to calculate thefinite-frequency impedance of a single-electron double quantum dot (DQD). Wefind that the total impedance is composed by three elements that werepreviously considered separately: a dissipative term, corresponding to theSisyphus resistance, and two dispersive terms, comprised of the quantum andtunneling capacitance. Finally, we combine the parametric terms to understandthe interaction of the DQD with a slow classical electrical oscillator whichfinds applications in non-resonant state readout of quantum bits and parametricamplification.
Surface impedance measurements on Nb$_{3}$Sn at high magnetic fields	2019	Nb$_{3}$Sn is a superconductor of great relevance for perspective RFapplications. We present for the first time surface impedance $Z_s$measurements at 15 GHz and low RF field amplitude on Nb$_{3}$Sn in highmagnetic fields up to 12 T, with the aim of increasing the knowledge ofNb$_{3}$Sn behavior in such conditions. $Z_s$ is a fundamental materialparameter that directly gives useful information about the dissipative andreactive phenomena when the superconductor is subjected to high-frequencyexcitations. Therefore, we present an analysis of the measured $Z_s$ with theaim of extracting interesting data about pinning in Nb$_{3}$Sn at highfrequencies. From $Z_s$ we extract the vortex motion complex resistivity toobtain the $r$-parameter and the depinning frequency $\nu_p$ in high magneticfields. The comparison of the results with the literature shows that themeasured $\nu_p$ on bulk Nb$_{3}$Sn is several times greater than that of pureNb. This demonstrates how Nb$_{3}$Sn can be a good candidate for RFtechnological applications, also in high magnetic fields.
Super-Klein tunneling of Klein-Gordon particles	2019	We study the total transmission of quantum particles satisfying theKlein-Gordon equation through a potential barrier based on the classical wavepropagation theory. We deduce an analytical expression for the wave impedancefor Klein-Gordon particles. From the condition that the impedance is matchedthroughout the space, we show that super-Klein tunneling, which refers to theomnidirectional total transmission of particles through a potential barrierwhen the energy of the particle is equal to the half of the barrier potential,should occur in these systems. We also derive a condition for totaltransmission of Klein-Gordon particles in the presence of both scalar andvector potentials and discuss the influence of weak scattering at theinterfaces on super-Klein tunneling. The theoretical predictions are confirmedby explicit numerical calculations of the transmittance based on the invariantimbedding method.
Uncompensated-spins Induced Weak Ferromagnetism in Ca3Mn2O7:  Magneto-conductive and dual Magneto-capacitive Effects	2019	Temperature dependent magnetization study on single phase orthorhombicRuddlesden-Popper manganite Ca3Mn2O7 evidences antiferromagnetic (AFM) orderingbelow 123K. Field-dependent magnetization M(H) depicts off-centered hystereticloops below ~110K-- confirming the existence of both weak ferromagnetism (WFM)and exchange bias, whose development upon cooling is examined in detail. WFM isattributed to the formation of uncompensated-spin-clusters within theAFM-matrix, stabilized by the high-anisotropy in the manganite, favoringDzyaloshinskii-Moriya (D-M) interaction. Temperature dependence of an evaluatedaverage canting angle from the M(H) loops provides a quantitative measure ofthe WFM-evolution. Dielectric measurements exhibit magneto-conductive effectsconcurrent to the WFM-onset. Temperature dependence of thelow-frequency/dc-limit of Jonscher-fits to the conductivity isotherms confirmsthe presence of relatively more-conductive clusters, embedded in theinsulating-bulk. Nyquist impedance-analysis of complex impedance reveals tworelaxations, yielding dual magnetic-field effects; the lumped circuitparameters feature anomalies across the magnetic phase changes.
Wireless Power Transfer via Dielectric Loaded Multi-moded Split Cavity  Resonator	2019	Wireless power transfer via a dielectric loaded multi-moded split cavityresonator (SCR) is proposed. Unlike conventional inductive resonant coupling,the scheme enables the control of both the real and imaginary parts of thetransfer impedance. It is demonstrated through measurements that the inclusionof dielectric resonators (DRs) tuned to the SCR $TE_{012}$ mode, significantlyenhances the system figure of merit and optimal efficiency. The effect of theDRs is shown to be related to the resonant coupling of the DRs $TE_{01\delta}$and SCR modes, resulting in an electromagnetic induced transparency-likewindow. An efficiency of 70% is achieved when the transfer distance is 7 cm, orhalf wavelength. Additionally, it was shown that the efficiency is above 40%over a relatively wide bandwidth and a wide range of optimum load impedance.
Acoustic Performance of Micro-Grooved Elements	2019	The acoustic performance of a new type of fibre-less sound absorber, themicro-grooved element (MGE), is studied in this paper. A MGE is a double layerelement that involves inlet/outlet slots and inner micro-channels engraved ontothe mating surface of the layers. MGEs are potential substitute of traditionalmicro-perforated elements (MPEs) in applications where the absorptioncoefficient, the acoustic behaviour at high levels of sound excitation and thecost of the absorber are of main concern.  The transfer impedance and the absorption coefficient of MGEs and MPEs aremeasured, modelled and compared in this study. The acoustics of themicro-channels is treated in detail, the impedance end corrections aredetermined and the non-linear effects are accounted for. The linear behaviourof MGEs is described by extending the models for slit-shaped perforatedelements. The quasi- and non- linear behaviours are expressed as a function ofthe Shear number and Strouhal number by curve fitting the experimental results.
An inverse conductivity problem in multifrequency electric impedance  tomography	2019	We deal with the problem of determining the shape of an inclusion embedded ina homogenous background medium. The multifre-quency electrical impedancetomography is used to image the inclusion. For different frequencies, a currentis injected at the boundary and the resulting potential is measured. It turnsout that the potential solves an elliptic equation in divergence form withdiscontinuous leading coefficient. For this inverse problem we aim to establisha logarithmic type stability estimate. The key point in our analysis consistsin reducing the original problem to that of determining an unknown part of theinner boundary from a single boundary measurment. The stability estimate isthen used to prove uniqueness results. We also provide an expansion of thesolution of the BVP under consideration in the eigenfunction basis of theNeumann-Poincar{\'e} operator associated to the Neumann-Green function.
Passivity guaranteed stiffness control with multiple frequency band  specifications for a cable-driven series elastic actuator	2019	Impedance control and specifically stiffness control are widely applied forphysical human-robot interaction. The series elastic actuator (SEA) providesinherent compliance, safety and further benefits. This paper aims to improvethe stiffness control performance of a cable-driven SEA. Existing impedancecontrollers were designed within the full frequency domain, though human-robotinteraction commonly falls in the low frequency range. We enhance the stiffnessrendering performance under formulated constraints of passivity, actuatorlimitation, disturbance attenuation, noise rejection at their specificfrequency ranges. Firstly, we reformulate this multiple frequency-bandoptimization problem into the $H_\infty$ synthesis framework. Then, theperformance goals are quantitatively characterized by respective restrictedfrequency-domain specifications as norm bounds. Further, a structuredcontroller is directly synthesized to satisfy all the competing performancerequirements. Both simulation and experimental results showed that the producedcontroller enabled good interaction performance for each desired stiffnessvarying from 0 to 1 times of the physical spring constant. Compared with thepassivity-based PID method, the proposed $H_\infty$ synthesis method achievedmore accurate and robust stiffness control performance with guaranteedpassivity.
A Low Profile Tunable Microwave Absorber based on Graphene Sandwich  Structure and High Impedance Surface	2019	In this paper, a low profile dynamically tunable microwave absorber isproposed, which consists of high impedance surface (HIS) and graphene sandwichstructure (GSS). We theoretically demonstrate and experimentally verify thatthe proposed absorber can provide a dynamically tunable reflection range fromlarger than -3dB to less than -30 dB (corresponding to the absorption rangefrom 50% to 99.9%) at opera-ting frequency of 11.2GHz by external bias voltage.The entire thickness of this absorber is only 2.8mm, nearly one tenth ofworking wavelength. In addition, a modified equivalent circuit model isproposed to explicate its absorption mechanism. At last, we fabricate aprototype absorber, and measure its absorption in anechoic chamber. Theexperimental results agree well with the full wave simulation results. Thiswork may provide a reference for design and fabrication of dynamically tunablemicrowave absorber based on large-scale graphene and may promote the actualapplications of graphene at microwave frequency.
Reconstruction of piecewise constant layered conductivities in  electrical impedance tomography	2019	"This work presents a new constructive uniqueness proof for Calder\'on'sinverse problem of electrical impedance tomography, subject to local Cauchydata, for a large class of piecewise constant conductivities that we call""piecewise constant layered conductivities"" (PCLC). The resultingreconstruction method only relies on the physically intuitive monotonicityprinciples of the local Neumann-to-Dirichlet map, and therefore the methodlends itself well to efficient numerical implementation and generalization toelectrode models. Several direct reconstruction methods exist for the relatedproblem of inclusion detection, however they share the property that ""holes ininclusions"" or ""inclusions-within-inclusions"" cannot be determined. One suchmethod is the monotonicity method of Harrach, Seo, and Ullrich, and in fact themethod presented here is a modified variant of the monotonicity method whichovercomes this problem. More precisely, the presented method abuses that a PCLCtype conductivity can be decomposed into nested layers of positive and/ornegative perturbations that, layer-by-layer, can be determined via themonotonicity method. The conductivity values on each layer are found via basicone-dimensional optimization problems constrained by monotonicity relations."
Existence of Nearest Neighbor and Variable Range Hopping in  Pr$_2$ZnMnO$_6$	2019	A joint investigation of X-ray diffraction (XRD) pattern and Raman spectrumauthenticate the double phase monoclinic P21/n and cubic Fd-3m structures ofpolycrystalline Pr2ZnMnO6 (PZM). The existence of two different conductionmechanisms (Nearest neighbor hopping and Motts variable range hopping) isobserved using a combined study of conductivity, dielectric relaxation andimpedance spectra in PZM. This investigation point towards a transition fromnearest neighbor hoping to Motts variable range hopping mechanism due tolowering activation energy around 580 K. The charge carriers hopping betweenthe localized acceptor states at the grain boundaries (GBs), which dominantsconduction mechanism below 580 K. The ac conductivity, dielectric relaxation,Nyquist plot, and electric modulus highlight the blended effect of grains (Gs)and GBs leads to the charge carrier dynamics in PZM. The dielectric relaxationand modulus formalism are analyzed on the basis of empirical Cole-Cole model.The conduction mechanism is found to be highly correlated with the relaxationmechanism and impedance spectroscopy.
The Non-Ideal Organic Electrochemical Transistors Impedance	2019	Organic electrochemical transistors offer powerful functionalities forbiosensors and neuroinspired electronics, with still much to understand on thetime dependent behavior of this electrochemical device. Here, we report ondistributed element modeling of the impedance of such microfabricated device,systematically performed under a large concentration variation for KCl(aq) andCaCl2(aq). We propose a new model which takes into account three maindeviations to ideality, that were systematically observed, caused by both thematerials and the device complexity, over large frequency range (1 Hz to 1MHz). More than introducing more freedom degree, the introduction of these nonredundant parameters and the study of their behaviors as function of theelectrolyte concentration and applied voltage give a more detailed picture ofthe OECT working principles. This optimized model can be further useful forimproving OECT performances in many applications (e.g. biosensors,neuroinspired devices) and circuit simulations.
Boundary states of 4D topological matter: Emergence and full 3D-imaging  of nodal Seifert surfaces	2019	With its boundary tracing out a link or knot in 3D, the Seifert surface is a2D surface of core importance to topological classification. We propose thefirst-ever experimentally realistic setup where Seifert surfaces emerge as theboundary states of 4D topological matter. Unlike ordinary real space knots thatexist in polymers, biomolecules and everyday life, our knots and their Seifertsurfaces exist as momentum space nodal structures, where topological linkageshave profound effects on optical and transport phenomena. Realized with 4Dcircuit lattices, our nodal Seifert systems are freed from symmetry constraintsand readily tunable due to the dimension and distance agnostic nature ofcircuit connections. Importantly, their Seifert surfaces manifest as verypronounced impedance peaks in their 3D-imaging via impedance measurements, andare directly related to knot invariants like the Alexander polynomial and knotSignature. This work thus unleashes the great potential of Seifert surfaces assophisticated yet accessible mathematical tools in the study of exotic bandstructures.
Estimation of Acoustic Impedance from Seismic Data using Temporal  Convolutional Network	2019	In exploration seismology, seismic inversion refers to the process ofinferring physical properties of the subsurface from seismic data. Knowledge ofphysical properties can prove helpful in identifying key structures in thesubsurface for hydrocarbon exploration. In this work, we propose a workflow forpredicting acoustic impedance (AI) from seismic data using a networkarchitecture based on Temporal Convolutional Network by posing the problem asthat of sequence modeling. The proposed workflow overcomes some of the problemsthat other network architectures usually face, like gradient vanishing inRecurrent Neural Networks, or overfitting in Convolutional Neural Networks. Theproposed workflow was used to predict AI on Marmousi 2 dataset with an average$r^{2}$ coefficient of $91\%$ on a hold-out validation set.
Effective Local Permittivity Model for Non-Local Wire Media	2019	A local permittivity model is proposed to accurately characterize spatialdispersion in non-local wire-medium (WM) structures with arbitraryterminations. A closed-form expression for the local thickness-dependentpermittivity is derived for a general case of a bounded WM with lumpedimpedance insertions and terminated with impedance surfaces, which takes intoaccount the effects of spatial dispersion and loads/terminations in theaveraged sense per length of the wire medium. The proposed approach results ina local model formalism and accurately predicts the response of WM structuresfor near-field and far-field excitation. It is also shown that a traditionaltransmission network and circuit model can be effectively used to quantify theinteraction of propagating and evanescent waves with WM structures. Inaddition, the derived analytical expression for the local thickness-dependentpermittivity has been used in the full-wave numerical solver (CST MicrowaveStudio) demonstrating a drastic reduction in the computation time and memory inthe solution of near-field and far-field problems involving wire media.
Aerogel-based metasurfaces for perfect acoustic energy absorption	2019	The unusual viscoelastic properties of silica aerogel plates are efficientlyused to design subwavelength perfect sound absorbers. We theoretically,numerically and experimentally report a perfect absorbing metamaterial panelmade of periodically arranged resonant building blocks consisting of a slitloaded by a clamped aerogel plate backed by a closed cavity. The impedancematching condition is analyzed using the Argand diagram of the reflectioncoefficient, i.e., the trajectory of the reflection coefficient as a functionof frequency in the complex plane. The lack or excess of losses in the systemcan be identified via this Argand diagram in order to achieve the impedancematching condition. The universality of this tool can be further exploited todesign more complex metasurfaces for perfect sound absorption, thus allowingthe rapid design of novel and efficient absorbing metamaterials.
Metal Object Detection Based on Load Impedance and Input Power  Characteristics for High-dimensional WPT System	2019	High-dimensional wireless power transfer (WPT) systems have receivedincreasing attention for charging mobile devices. With the receivers havehigher spatial freedom, the systems are more susceptible to the metal objectsin the surroundings. However, conventional methods for metal object detection(MOD) can't satisfy the requirements of safety and stability of new systems.This paper proposed a metal detection method which is more suitable forhigh-dimensional WPT systems. The key feature of the proposed method iscombining load impedance and input power characteristics curves to determinewhether the receiver is a metal object or a coil. And the influence of themetal is discussed in the circuit and magnetic model. The method istheoretically proven by the simulation calculation. And the experimentsverified that the method can accurately detect the metal objects by setting thethreshold curves.
A Stable Boundary Integral Formulation of an Acoustic Wave Transmission  Problem with Mixed Boundary Conditions	2019	In this paper, we consider an acoustic wave transmission problem with mixedboundary conditions of Dirichlet, Neumann, and impedance type. The transmissioninterfaces may join the domain boundary in a general way independent of thelocation of the boundary conditions. We will derive a formulation as a\textit{direct}, \textit{space-time retarded boundary integral equation}, whereboth Cauchy data are kept as unknowns on the impedance part of the boundary.This requires the definition of single-trace spaces which incorporatehomogeneous Dirichlet and Neumann conditions on the corresponding parts on theboundary. We prove the continuity and coercivity of the formulation byemploying the technique of operational calculus in the Laplace domain.
Equivalent Circuit Model Recognition of Electrochemical Impedance  Spectroscopy via Machine Learning	2019	Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) is an effective method forstudying the electrochemical systems. The interpretation of EIS is the biggestchallenge in this technology, which requires reasonable modeling. However, themodeling of EIS is of great subjectivity, meaning that there may be severalmodels to fit the same set of data. In order to overcome the uncertainty andtriviality of human analysis, this research uses machine learning to carry outEIS pattern recognition. Raw EIS data and their equivalent circuit models werecollected from the literature, and the support vector machine (SVM) was used toanalyze these data. As the result, we addresses the classification of EIS andrecognizing their equivalent circuit models with accuracies of up to 78%. Thisstudy demonstrates the great potential of machine learning in electrochemicalresearches.
Learning Variable Impedance Control for Contact Sensitive Tasks	2019	Reinforcement learning algorithms have shown great success in solvingdifferent problems ranging from playing video games to robotics. However, theystruggle to solve delicate robotic problems, especially those involving contactinteractions. Though in principle a policy outputting joint torques should beable to learn these tasks, in practice we see that they have difficulty torobustly solve the problem without any structure in the action space. In thispaper, we investigate how the choice of action space can give robustperformance in presence of contact uncertainties. We propose to learn a policythat outputs impedance and desired position in joint space as a function ofsystem states without imposing any other structure to the problem. We comparethe performance of this approach to torque and position control policies underdifferent contact uncertainties. Extensive simulation results on two differentsystems, a hopper (floating-base) with intermittent contacts and a manipulator(fixed-base) wiping a table, show that our proposed approach outperformspolicies outputting torque or position in terms of both learning rate androbustness to environment uncertainty.
Broadband Parametric Impedance Matching for Small Antennas Beyond the  Bode-Fano Limit	2019	In this letter, a parametric up-converter is introduced as a widebandimpedance matching network for electrically small antennas. The proposedtechnique can also be applied to any narrowband load. Narrowband loads have ahigh-quality factor because they store a large amount of energy throughout eachcycle while dissipating a limited amount of power. We propose lowering anarrowband load's quality factor by increasing its dissipated power whilemaintaining the general noise figure of the system. The idea is to use areactive network that emulates a positive resistor to drain power from thenarrowband load. The suggested matching network includes a time-varying reactor(capacitor) which is not only a parametric amplifier but also a low noiseelement.
A Path Integral Monte Carlo Method based on Feynman-Kac Formula for  Electrical Impedance Tomography	2019	A path integral Monte Carlo method (PIMC) based on Feynman-Kac formula formixed boundary conditions of elliptic equations is proposed to solve theforward problem of electrical impedance tomography (EIT) on the boundary toobtain electrical potentials. The forward problem is an important part foriterative algorithms of the inverse problem of EIT, which has attractedcontinual interest due to its applications in medical imaging and materialtesting of materials. By simulating reflecting Brownian motion withwalk-on-sphere techniques and calculating its corresponding local time, we areable to obtain accurate voltage-to-current map for the conductivity equationwith mixed boundary conditions for a 3-D spherical object with eightelectrodes. Due to the local property of the PIMC method, the solution of themap can be done locally for each electrode in a parallel manner.
A Building-Block Approach to State-Space Modeling of DC-DC Converter  Systems	2019	Small-signal models of DC-DC converters are often based on a state-spaceaveraging approach, from which both control-oriented and other frequency-domaincharacteristics, such as input or output impedance, can be derived. Updatingthese models when extending the converter by filters or non-trivial loads, oradding control loops, can become a tedious task, however. To simplify thispotentially error-prone process, a modular modeling approach is being proposedin this article. It consists of small state-space models for certain buildingblocks of a converter system on the one hand, and standardized operations forconnecting these subsystem models to an overall converter system model on theother hand. The resulting state-space system model builds upon a two-portconverter description and allows the extraction of control-oriented andimpedance characteristics at any modeling stage, be it open loop or closedloop, single converter or series connections of converters. The ease ofcreating more complex models enabled by the proposed approach is alsodemonstrated with examples comprising multiple control loops or cascadedconverters.
A Comparison of Action Spaces for Learning Manipulation Tasks	2019	Designing reinforcement learning (RL) problems that can produce delicate andprecise manipulation policies requires careful choice of the reward function,state, and action spaces. Much prior work on applying RL to manipulation taskshas defined the action space in terms of direct joint torques or referencepositions for a joint-space proportional derivative (PD) controller. Inpractice, it is often possible to add additional structure by taking advantageof model-based controllers that support both accurate positioning and controlof the dynamic response of the manipulator. In this paper, we evaluate how thechoice of action space for dynamic manipulation tasks affects the samplecomplexity as well as the final quality of learned policies. We comparelearning performance across three tasks (peg insertion, hammering, andpushing), four action spaces (torque, joint PD, inverse dynamics, and impedancecontrol), and using two modern reinforcement learning algorithms (ProximalPolicy Optimization and Soft Actor-Critic). Our results lend support to thehypothesis that learning references for a task-space impedance controllersignificantly reduces the number of samples needed to achieve good performanceacross all tasks and algorithms.
Wave scattering properties of multiple weakly-coupled complex systems	2019	The statistics of scattering of waves inside single ray-chaotic enclosureshave been successfully described by the Random Coupling Model (RCM). We expandthe RCM to systems consisting of multiple complex ray-chaotic enclosures withvariable coupling scenarios. The statistical properties of the model-generatedquantities are tested against measured data of electrically large multi-cavitysystems of various designs. The statistics of model-generated trans-impedanceand induced voltages on a load impedance agree well with the experimentalresults. The RCM coupled chaotic enclosure model is general and can be appliedto other physical systems including coupled quantum dots, disordered nanowires,and short-wavelength electromagnetic propagation through rooms in buildings,aircraft and ships.
Simultaneous Noise and Impedance Fitting to Transition-Edge Sensor Data  using Differential Evolution	2019	We discuss a robust method to simultaneously fit a complex model both to thecomplex impedance and the noise data for transition-edge sensors (TES). It isbased on a differential evolution (DE) algorithm, providing accurate andrepeatable results with only a small increase in computational cost compared tothe standard least squares (LS) fitting method. Test fits are made using bothDE and LS methods, and the results compared with previously determined bestfits, with varying initial value deviations and limit ranges for theparameters. The robustness of DE is demonstrated with successful fits even whenparameter limits up to a factor of 5 from the known values were used. It isshown that the least squares fitting becomes unreliable beyond a 10% deviationfrom the known values.
Impedance and voltage power spectra of a monopole antenna in a warm  plasma -- derivation and application to CubeSats	2019	The impedance for a monopole antenna is derived and compared with the casesfor wire dipole and double-sphere antennas. This derivation produces a newexpression for the monopole antenna response function, $F_{m1}(x)$. Themonopole, wire dipole, and double-sphere response functions are compared bymodeling an antenna in Earth's ionospheric plasma (i.e. electrostatic andcollisionless) and predicting the antenna capacitance and voltage power spectrafor quasi-thermal noise (QTN) and shot noise. The monopole antenna currentdistribution is assumed to be a half-triangular current distribution(considering only the positive half of the triangular distribution). Thepredictions for the shot noise and capacitance presented problems, as theintegral over wavenumber-space or $k$-space did not converge for large valuesof $k$. The derived expression therefore remains a current problem andnecessitates future work to determine a more general expression. In this paperwe bring the problem of an appropriate analytic monopole antenna responsefunction to the attention of the community and outline a number of tests thatcan be used to verify any future expression.
Analysis of a single-mode waveguide at sub-terahertz frequencies as a  communication channel	2019	We study experimentally the transmission of an electro-magnetic waveguide inthe frequency range from 160 to 300 GHz. Photo-mixing is used to excite anddetect the fundamental TE10 mode in a rectangular waveguide with twoorders-of-magnitude lower impedance. The large impedance mismatch leads to astrong frequency dependence of the transmission, which we measure with ahigh-dynamic range of up to 80 dB, and with high frequency-resolution. Themodified transmission function is directly related to the information rate ofthe waveguide, which we estimate to be about 1 bit per photon. We suggest thatthe results are applicable to a Josephson junction employed as a single-photonsource and coupled to a superconducting waveguide to achieve a simple on-demandnarrow-bandwidth free-space number-state channel.
Monotonicity-based reconstruction of extreme inclusions in electrical  impedance tomography	2019	The monotonicity-based approach has become one of the fundamental methods forreconstructing inclusions in the inverse problem of electrical impedancetomography. Thus far the method has not been proven to be able to handleextreme inclusions that correspond to some parts of the studied domain becomingeither perfectly conducting or perfectly insulating. The main obstacle hasarguably been establishing suitable monotonicity principles for thecorresponding Neumann-to-Dirichlet boundary maps. In this work, we tackle thisshortcoming by first giving a convergence result in the operator norm for theNeumann-to-Dirichlet map when the conductivity coefficient decays to zeroand/or grows to infinity in some given parts of the domain. This allows passingthe necessary monotonicity principles to the limiting case. Subsequently, weshow how the monotonicity method generalizes to the definite case ofreconstructing either perfectly conducting or perfectly insulating inclusions,as well as to the indefinite case where the perturbed conductivity can take anyvalues between, and including, zero and infinity.
An Impedance Sensing Platform for Monitoring Heterogeneous Connectivity  and Diagnostics in Lab-on-a-Chip Systems	2019	Reliable hardware connectivity is vital in heterogeneous integrated systems.For example, in digital microfluidics lab-on-a-chip systems, there are hundredsof physical connections required between a micro-electro-mechanical fabricateddevice and the driving system that can be remotely located on aprinted-circuit-board. Unfortunately, the connection reliability cannot bechecked or monitored by vision-based detection methods that are commonly usedin the semiconductor industry. Therefore, a sensing platform that can beseamlessly integrated into existing digital microfluidics systems and providereal-time monitoring of multi-connectivity is highly desired. Here, we reportan impedance sensing platform that can provide fast detection of a singlephysical connection in timescales of milli-seconds. Once connectivity isestablished, the same set-up can be used to determine droplet location. Thesensing system can be scaled up to support multiple channels or applied toother heterogeneously integrated systems that require real-time monitoring anddiagnostics of multi-connectivity systems.
Multiple coefficient identification in electrical impedance tomography  with energy functional method	2019	In this paper we investigate the problem of simultaneously identifying theconductivity and the reaction in electrical impedance tomography with availablemeasurement data on an accessible part of the boundary. We propose an energyfunctional method and the total variational regularization combining with thequadratic stabilizing term to tackle the identification problem. We show thestability of the proposed regularization method and the convergence of thefinite element regularized solutions to the identification in the Lebesguespaces and in the sense of the Bregman distance with respect to the totalvariation semi-norm. To illustrate the theoretical results, a numerical casestudy is presented which supports our analytical findings.
Impedance reduction of the High-frequency Cavities in the CERN PS by  Multi-harmonic Feedback	2019	"In the framework of the ""LHC Injectors Upgrade"" (LIU) project, the CERNProton Synchrotron (PS) is being prepared as a pre-injector for the LargeHadron Collider at high luminosity (HL-LHC). RF systems at 20 MHz, 40 MHz and80 MHz are required for longitudinal beam manipulations to provide 25 ns bunchspacing and short bunches at transfer to the Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS).Beam induced voltage in these cavities causes transient beam-loading anduncontrolled longitudinal emittance blow-up. To reduce the impedance beyond thereach of the wide-band feedback around the power amplifier, a newmulti-harmonic feedback has been developed and commissioned. Based onnarrow-band filters treating each revolution frequency harmonic separately, thefeedback phase at these harmonics can be dynamically adapted duringacceleration, taking into account the phase of the cavity transfer function.The beneficial effect on longitudinal beam quality of LHC-type beams is shown."
Optimizing electrode positions in 2D Electrical Impedance Tomography  using deep learning	2019	"Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a powerful tool for non-destructiveevaluation, state estimation, and process tomography - among numerous other usecases. For these applications, and in order to reliably reconstruct images of agiven process using EIT, we must obtain high-quality voltage measurements fromthe target of interest. As such, it is obvious that the locations of electrodesused for measuring plays a key role in this task. Yet, to date, methods foroptimally placing electrodes either require knowledge on the EIT target (whichis, in practice, never fully known) or are computationally difficult toimplement numerically. In this paper, we circumvent these challenges andpresent a straightforward deep learning based approach for optimizingelectrodes positions. It is found that the optimized electrode positionsoutperformed ""standard"" uniformly-distributed electrode layouts in all testcases. Further, it is found that the use of optimized electrode positionscomputed using the approach derived herein can reduce errors in EITreconstructions as well as improve the distinguishability of EIT measurements."
Adaptive Compliance Shaping with Human Impedance Estimation	2019	Human impedance parameters play an integral role in the dynamics of strengthamplification exoskeletons. Many methods are used to estimate the stiffness ofhuman muscles, but few are used to improve the performance of strengthamplification controllers for these devices. We propose a compliance shapingamplification controller incorporating an accurate online human stiffnessestimation from surface electromyography (sEMG) sensors and stretch sensorsconnected to the forearm and upper arm of the human. These sensor values alongwith exoskeleton position and velocity are used to train a random forestregression model that accurately predicts a person's stiffness despite varyingmovement, relaxation, and muscle co-contraction. Our model's accuracy isverified using experimental test data and the model is implemented into thecompliance shaping controller. Ultimately we show that the online estimation ofstiffness can improve the bandwidth and amplification of the controller whileremaining robustly stable.
Fractal Impedance for Passive Controllers	2019	During the last decade, there has been increasing interest in new controlframeworks to move robots from their industrial cages to unstructuredenvironments where they may coexist with humans. Despite significantimprovement in some specific applications (e.g., medical robotics), there isstill the need of a general control framework to improve the robots' dynamicsinteraction performance without limiting system safety. The passive controlframework has shown promising results in this direction; however, it relies onvirtual energy tanks that can guarantee passivity as long as they do not runout of energy. In this paper, a fractal attractor is proposed to implement avariable impedance controller that is able to retain passivity without relyingon the energy tank framework. The results prove that the proposed method canaccurately track trajectories and apply forces at the end-effector.Furthermore, it can automatically deal with the extra energy introduced bychanges in interaction conditions, null-space controller and environment.Therefore, These properties make the controller ideal for applications wherethe dynamic interaction at the end-effector is difficult to be characterized inadvance, such as human-robot interaction and unknown dynamics.
Notes on glottal flow and acoustic inertial effects	2019	"This text is a compilation of some of the notes that the author has writtenduring the development of the low-order model ""DICO"" [2, 8, 10, 11] for vowelphonation and the even more rudimentary glottal flow model [9] for processinghigh-speed glottal video data. The following subject matters are covered: (i)Incompressible, laminar, lossless flow models for idealised rectangular andwedge shape vocal fold geometries. Equations of motion and the pressuredistribution are computed in a closed form for each model using the unsteadyBernoulli's theorem; (ii) The assumption of incompressibility and energy loss(i.e., irrecoverable pressure drop) of the airflow in airways (including theglottis) is discussed using steady compressible Bernoulli theorem as the maintool; (iii) Inertia of an uniform waveguide is studied in terms of thelow-frequency limit of the the (acoustic) impedance transfer function. It isobserved that the inductive loading in the boundary condition sums up with thewaveguide inertance in an expected way; (iv) It is shown that an acousticwaveguide, modelled by Webster's lossless equation with Dirichlet boundarycondition at the far end, will produce the expected mass inertance of the fluidcolumn as the low-frequency limit of the impedance transfer function."
Complementary metasurfaces for guiding electromagnetic waves	2019	Waveguides are critically important components in microwave, THz, and opticaltechnologies. Due to recent progress in two-dimensional materials, metasurfacescan be efficiently used to design novel waveguide structures which confine theelectromagnetic energy while the structure is open. Here, we introduce aspecial type of such structures formed by two penetrable metasurfaces whichhave complementary isotropic surface impedances. We theoretically study guidedmodes supported by the proposed structure and discuss the correspondingdispersion properties. Furthermore, we show the results for different scenariosin which the surface impedances possess non-resonant or resonantcharacteristics, and the distance between the metasurfaces changes from largevalues to the extreme limit of zero. As an implication of this work, wedemonstrate that there is a possibility to excite two modes with orthogonalpolarizations having the same phase velocity within a broad frequency range.This property is promising for applications in leaky-wave antennas and fieldfocusing.
A shape optimization approach for electrical impedance tomography with  point measurements	2019	"Working within the class of piecewise constant conductivities, the inverseproblem of electrical impedance tomography can be recast as a shapeoptimization problem where the discontinuity interface is the unknown. UsingGr\""oger's $W^{1}_p$-estimates for mixed boundary value problems, the averagedadjoint method is extended to the case of Banach spaces, which allows tocompute the derivative of shape functionals involving point evaluations. Wecompute the corresponding distributed expression of the shape derivative andshow that it may contain Dirac measures in addition to the usual domainintegrals. We use this distributed shape derivative to devise a numericalalgorithm, show various numerical results supporting the method, and based onthese results we discuss the influence of the point measurements patterns onthe quality of the reconstructions."
Interaction-impeded relaxation in the presence of finite temperature  baths	2019	We study the interplay between interactions and finite-temperature dephasingbaths. We consider a double well with strongly interacting bosons coupled, viathe density, to a bosonic bath. Such a system, when the bath has infinitetemperature and instantaneous decay of correlations, relaxes with an emergingalgebraic behavior with exponent 1/2. Here we show that, because of thefinite-temperature baths and of the choice of spectral densities, such analgebraic relaxation may occur for a shorter duration and the characteristicexponent can be lower than 1/2. These results show that the interaction-inducedimpeding of relaxation is stronger and more complex when the bath has finitetemperature and/or nonzero timescale for the decay of correlations.
Thermal wave crystals based on dual-phase-lag model	2019	Thermal wave crystals based on the dual-phase-lag model are investigated inthis paper by both theoretical analysis and numerical simulation to control thenon-Fourier heat conduction process. The transfer matrix method is used tocalculate the complex dispersion curves. The temperature field is calculated bythe finite difference time domain method. The results show that thermalband-gaps exist due to the Bragg-scattering. The key parameters characterizingthe band-gaps are analyzed. The thermal wave impedance and mid-gap frequenciesare introduced to predict band-gaps theoretically. Our results show that thelarger the difference in the thermal wave impedances is, the wider of thethermal band-gaps will be. This study demonstrates a type of the thermalmetamaterials which have potential innovative applications such as thermalimagining, thermal diodes and thermal waveguides for energy transmission.
Bounded haptic teleoperation of a quadruped robot's foot posture for  sensing and manipulation	2019	This paper presents a control framework to teleoperate a quadruped robot'sfoot for operator-guided haptic exploration of the environment. Since one legof a quadruped robot typically only has 3 actuated degrees of freedom (DoFs),the torso is employed to assist foot posture control via a hierarchicalwhole-body controller. The foot and torso postures are controlled by twoanalytical Cartesian impedance controllers cascaded by a null space projector.The contact forces acting on supporting feet are optimized by quadraticprogramming (QP). The foot's Cartesian impedance controller may also estimatecontact forces from trajectory tracking errors, and relay the force-feedback tothe operator. A 7D haptic joystick, Sigma.7, transmits motion commands to thequadruped robot ANYmal, and renders the force feedback. Furthermore, thejoystick's motion is bounded by mapping the foot's feasible force polytopeconstrained by the friction cones and torque limits in order to prevent theoperator from driving the robot to slipping or falling over. Experimentalresults demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed framework.
Anisotropic ionic conductivity of LiMn$_{1-x}$Fe$_x$PO$_4$ ($0\leq x  \leq 1$) single crystals	2019	We report AC-impedance studies on a series of high-qualityLiMn$_{1-x}$Fe$_x$PO$_4$ single crystals with $0\leq x \leq 1$. Our resultsconfirm quasi-one-dimensional transport in LiFePO$_4$ with fast Li-diffusionalong the $b$-axis. The conductivities along the crystallographic $b$-, $c$-and $a$-axis differ by a factor of about 10, respectively. Whereas, theactivation energy $E_{\rm A}$ of the effective diffusion process isparticularly large for the $b$-axis and smallest for the $a$-axis. Remarkably,the $b$-axis ionic bulk conductivity of LiMn$_{0.5}$Fe$_{0.5}$PO$_4$ is of thesame order of magnitude as in undoped LiFePO$_4$, which implies similarly fastLi-transport even upon 50~\% Mn-doping which, owing to the higher redoxpotential of the Mn$^{3+}$/Mn$^{2+}$-couple, yields enhanced energy density inlithium-ion batteries. The overall results of our impedance studies draw a farmore complex picture than it would be expected from a simple one-dimensionalionic conductor. Our results suggest a strong contribution of crystal defectsin real materials.
Independent Control of Multiple Channels in Metasurface Devices	2020	In analogy with electromagnetic networks which connect multiple input-outputports, metasurfaces can be considered as multi-port devices capable ofproviding different functionalities for waves of different polarizationsilluminating the surface from different directions. The main challenge in thedesign of such multichannel metasurfaces is to ensure independent and fullcontrol of the electromagnetic response for each channel ensuring the fulilmentof the boundary condition at the metasurface. In this work, we demonstrate thatby properly engineering the evanescent fields excited at each port (that is,for all possible illumination directions), it is possible to independentlycontrol the reflection or transmission for all different illuminations. Wedevelop a fully analytical method to analyze and synthesize generalspace-modulated impedance metasurfaces, engineering strong spatial dispersion.This method, combined with mathematical optimization, allows us to find asurface impedance profile that simultaneously ensures the desiredelectromagnetic responses at each port. We validate the technique via thedesign of phase-controlled multichannel retroreflectors. In addition, wedemonstrate that the method is rather powerful in the design of otherfunctional metasurfaces such as multifunctional reflectors and multichannelperfect absorbers.
An Impedance-Modulated Code-Division Microwave SQUID Multiplexer	2020	Large arrays of cryogenic detectors, including transition-edge sensors (TESs)or magnetic micro-calorimeters (MMCs), are needed for future experiments acrossa wide range of applications. Complexities in integration and cryogenic wiringhave driven efforts to develop cryogenic readout technologies with largemultiplexing factors while maintaining minimal readout noise. One such exampleis the microwave SQUID multiplexer ($\mu$mux), which couples an incoming TES ormagnetic calorimeter signal to a unique GHz-frequency resonance that ismodulated in frequency. Here, we present a hybrid scheme combining themicrowave SQUID multiplexer with code division multiplexing: theimpedance-modulated code-division multiplexer (Z-CDM), which may enable anorder of magnitude increase in multiplexing factor particularly forlow-bandwidth signal applications.
Mimicking relative continuum measurements by electrode data in  two-dimensional electrical impedance tomography	2020	This paper introduces a constructive method for approximating relativecontinuum measurements in two-dimensional electrical impedance tomography basedon data originating from either the point electrode model or the completeelectrode model. The upper bounds for the corresponding approximation errorsexplicitly depend on the number (and size) of the employed electrodes as wellas on the regularity of the continuum current that is mimicked. In particular,if the input current and the object boundary are infinitely smooth, thediscrepancy associated with the point electrode model converges to zero fasterthan any negative power of the number of electrodes. The results are firstproven for the unit disk via trigonometric interpolation and quadrature rules,and they are subsequently extended to more general domains with the help ofconformal mappings.
Dynamo in weakly collisional non-magnetized plasmas impeded by Landau  damping of magnetic fields	2020	We perform fully kinetic simulations of flows known to produce dynamo inmagnetohydrodynamics (MHD), considering scenarios with low Reynolds number andhigh magnetic Prandtl number, relevant for galaxy cluster scale fluctuationdynamos. We find that Landau damping on the electrons leads to a rapid decay ofmagnetic perturbations, impeding the dynamo. This collisionless damping processoperates on spatial scales where electrons are non-magnetized, reducing therange of scales where the magnetic field grows in high magnetic Prandtl numberfluctuation dynamos. When electrons are not magnetized down to the resistivescale, the magnetic energy spectrum is expected to be limited by the scalecorresponding to magnetic Landau damping or, if smaller, the electrongyro-radius scale, instead of the resistive scale. In simulations we thusobserve decaying magnetic fields where resistive MHD would predict a dynamo.
Analysis of High Impedance Coils both in Transmission and Reception  Regimes	2020	Theory of a high impedance coil (HIC) - a cable loop antenna with a modifiedshield - is discussed comprehensively for both in transmitting and receivingregimes. Understanding a weakness of the previously reported HIC intransmitting regime, we suggest another HIC which is advantageous in bothtransmitting and receiving regimes compared to a conventional loop antenna. Incontrast with a claim of previous works, only this HIC is a practicaltransceiver HIC. Using the perturbation approach and adding gaps to both shieldand inner wire of the cable, we tune the resonance frequency to be suitable forultra-high field (UHF) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Our theoretical modelis verified by simulations. Designing the HIC theoretically, we have fabricatedan array of three HICs operating at 298 MHz. The operation of the array hasbeen experimentally studied in presence of different phantoms used in UHF MRIand the results compared with those obtained for a conventional array.
Relaxed Gauss-Newton methods with applications to electrical impedance  tomography	2020	As second-order methods, Gauss--Newton-type methods can be more effectivethan first-order methods for the solution of nonsmooth optimization problemswith expensive-to-evaluate smooth components. Such methods, however, often donot converge. Motivated by nonlinear inverse problems with nonsmoothregularization, we propose a new Gauss--Newton-type method with inexact relaxedsteps. We prove that the method converges to a set of connected critical pointsgiven that the linearisation of the forward operator for the inverse problem issufficiently precise. We extensively evaluate the performance of the method onelectrical impedance tomography (EIT).
Numerical Solution of Inverse Problems by Weak Adversarial Networks	2020	We consider a weak adversarial network approach to numerically solve a classof inverse problems, including electrical impedance tomography and dynamicelectrical impedance tomography problems. We leverage the weak formulation ofPDE in the given inverse problem, and parameterize the solution and the testfunction as deep neural networks. The weak formulation and the boundaryconditions induce a minimax problem of a saddle function of the networkparameters. As the parameters are alternatively updated, the network graduallyapproximates the solution of the inverse problem. We provide theoreticaljustifications on the convergence of the proposed algorithm. Our method iscompletely mesh-free without any spatial discretization, and is particularlysuitable for problems with high dimensionality and low regularity on solutions.Numerical experiments on a variety of test inverse problems demonstrate thepromising accuracy and efficiency of our approach.
Robust treatment of cross points in Optimized Schwarz Methods	2020	In the field of Domain Decomposition (DD), Optimized Schwarz Method (OSM)appears to be one of the prominent techniques to solve large scaletime-harmonic wave propagation problems. It is based on appropriatetransmission conditions using carefully designed impedance operators toexchange information between sub-domains. The efficiency of such methods ishowever hindered by the presence of cross-points, where more than twosub-domains abut, if no appropriate treatment is provided. In this work, wepropose a new treatment of the cross-point issue for the Helmholtz equationthat remains valid in any geometrical interface configuration. We exploit themulti-trace formalism to define a new exchange operator with suitablecontinuity and isometry properties. We then develop a complete theoreticalframework that generalizes classical OSM to partitions with cross points andcontains a rigorous proof of geometric convergence, uniform with respect to themesh discretization, for appropriate positive impedance operators. Extensivenumerical results in 2D and 3D are provided as an illustration of theperformance of the proposed method.
Low-Loss Reconfigurable Phase Shifter in Gap-Waveguide Technology for  mm-Wave Applications	2020	In this paper, we present a low-loss mechanically reconfigurable phaseshifter implemented in gap-waveguide technology for mm-wave frequencies. Theproposed design gives a practical implementation of tuning elements inside thewaveguide providing alternatives to the use of the E-plane split waveguide athigh frequencies in order to avoid leakage losses. The depicted phase shifterdesign is based on a H-plane split waveguide. The phase shift is controlled bymeans of a tuning screw, which exerts pressure on a flexible metallic stripinserted inside the waveguide. The flexible strip bends with differentcurvature radii and determines the phase shift at the output port.Cost-effective manufacturing and simple implementation of the flexible metallicstrip are achieved by means of the gap-waveguide design. A prototype has beenmanufactured for validation purposes. Good impedance matching is achieved from64 GHz to 75 GHz providing a 15.8% impedance bandwidth. The results show amaximum phase shift of 250$^{o}$ with a maximum and mean insertion loss of 3 dBand 1.7 dB, respectively.
Active Interaction Force Control for Omnidirectional Aerial  Contact-Based Inspection	2020	This paper presents and validates two approaches for active interaction forcecontrol and planning for omnidirectional aerial manipulation platforms, withthe goal of aerial contact inspection in unstructured environments. We extendupon an axis-selective impedance controller to present a variableaxis-selective impedance control which integrates direct force control forintentional interaction, using feedback from an on-board force sensor. Thecontrol approaches aim to reject disturbances in free flight, while handlingunintentional interaction, and actively controlling desired interaction forces.A fully actuated and omnidirectional tilt-rotor aerial system is used to showcapabilities of the control and planning methods. Experiments demonstratedisturbance rejection, push-and-slide interaction, and force controlledinteraction in different flight orientations. The system is validated as a toolfor non-destructive testing of concrete infrastructure, and statistical resultsof interaction control performance are presented and discussed.
Identifying DC Faults in HVDC-VSC Systems for Integrating Large Offshore  Wind -- A Localized Protection Scheme	2020	We propose a localized protection scheme based on rate of change of RunningAutoregressive Smoothing Average (RASA) of fault limiting reactor voltage inVSC-HVDC systems. The paper addresses the issues of DC-fault identification,such as measurement quality, high impedance faults (HIFs) and external faults,when a localized protection scheme is employed. The scheme is validated to beselective, dependent and secure for DC fault identification in the presence ofWhite Gaussian Noise (WGN) in measurement. The scheme operation is validated tobe intact for High Impedance Faults (HIFs) and external faults. Finally, tovalidate the performance of our localized protection scheme, we perform acomparison with already existing ones in the literature.
Apparatus for high resolution microwave spectroscopy in strong magnetic  fields	2005	We have developed a low temperature, high-resolution microwave surfaceimpedance probe that is able to operate in high static magnetic fields. Surfaceimpedance is measured by cavity perturbation of dielectric resonators, withsufficient sensitivity to resolve the microwave absorption of sub-mm-sizedsuperconducting samples. The resonators are constructed from high permittivitysingle-crystal rutile (TiO2) and have quality factors in excess of 10^6.Resonators with such high performance have traditionally required the use ofsuperconducting materials, making them incompatible with large magnetic fieldsand subject to problems associated with aging and power-dependent response.Rutile resonators avoid these problems while retaining comparable sensitivityto surface impedance. Our cylindrical rutile resonators have a hollow bore andare excited in TE_01(n-d) modes, providing homogeneous microwave fields at thecenter of the resonator where the sample is positioned. Using a sapphirehot-finger technique, measurements can be made at sample temperatures in therange 1.1 K to 200 K, while the probe itself remains immersed in a liquidhelium bath at 4.2 K. The novel apparatus described in this article is anextremely robust and versatile system for microwave spectroscopy, integratingseveral important features into a single system. These include: operation athigh magnetic fields; multiple measurement frequencies between 2.64 GHz and14.0 GHz in a single resonator; excellent frequency stability, with typicaldrifts < 1 Hz per hour; the ability to withdraw the sample from the resonatorfor background calibration; and a small pot of liquid helium separate from theexternal bath that provides a sample base temperature of 1.1 K.
Conceptual tensions between quantum mechanics and general relativity:  Are there experimental consequences, e.g., superconducting transducers  between electromagnetic and gravitational radiation?	2002	One of the conceptual tensions between quantum mechanics (QM) and generalrelativity (GR) arises from the clash between the spatial nonseparability ofentangled states in QM, and the complete spatial separability of all physicalsystems in GR, i.e., between the nonlocality implied by the superpositionprinciple, and the locality implied by the equivalence principle. Experimentalconsequences of this conceptual tension will be explored for macroscopicallycoherent quantum fluids, such as superconductors, superfluids, and atomicBose-Einstein condensates (BECs), subjected to tidal and Lense-Thirring fieldsarising from gravitational radiation. A Meissner-like effect is predicted, inwhich the Lense-Thirring field is expelled from the bulk of a quantum fluid.Superconductors are predicted to be macroscopic quantum gravitational antennasand transducers, which can directly convert upon reflection a beam ofquadrupolar electromagnetic radiation into gravitational radiation, and viceversa, and thus serve as both sources and receivers of gravitational waves. Anestimate of the transducer conversion efficiency on the order of unity comesout of the Ginzburg-Landau theory for an extreme type II, dissipationlesssuperconductor with minimal coupling to weak gravitational and electromagneticradiation fields, whose frequency is smaller than the BCS gap frequency, thussatisfying the quantum adiabatic theorem. The concept of ``the impedance offree space for gravitational plane waves'' is introduced, and leads to anatural impedance-matching process, in which the two kinds of radiation fieldsare impedance-matched to each other around a hundred coherence lengths beneaththe surface of the superconductor. A simple, Hertz-like experiment has beenperformed to test these ideas, and preliminary results will be reported.
Geometric Scaling for a Detonation Wave Governed by a Pressure-Dependent  Reaction Rate and Yielding Confinement	2014	The propagation of detonation waves in reactive media bounded by an inert,compressible layer is examined via computational simulations in two differentgeometries, axisymmetric cylinders and two dimensional, planar slabs. Forsimplicity, an ideal gas equation of state is used with a pressure-dependentreaction rate that results in a stable detonation wave structure. Thedetonation is initiated as an ideal Chapman-Jouguet (CJ) detonation with aone-dimensional structure, and then allowed to propagate into a finite diameteror thickness layer of explosive surrounded by an inert layer. The yieldingconfinement of the inert layer results in the detonation wave decaying to asub-CJ steady state velocity or failing entirely. Simulations are performedwith different values of the reaction rate pressure exponent (n = 2 and 3) anddifferent impedance confinement (greater than, less than, and equal to theconfinement of the explosive). The velocity decrement and critical dimension(critical diameter or thickness) are determined, and a 2:1 scaling between thecylinder diameter and slab thickness results is confirmed, in good agreementwith curvature-based models of detonation propagation. The measured shock frontcurvature and detonation velocity relation agrees with the classic model ofWood and Kirkwood. The computational simulations are compared to a simple,analytic model that treats the interaction of the confinement with thedetonation products via Newtonian theory and a model that assumes a continuousvariation in shock front curvature with the shock angle at the interface withthe confinement matching the angle determined by shock polar analysis. TheNewtonian model works very well for the case of high impedance confinement,while the shock front curvature model agrees with the simulations for the caseof low impedance confinement.
RF Transport Electromagnetic Properties of CVD Graphene from DC to 110  MHz	2015	We report measurement of the radio-frequency (RF) transport electromagneticproperties of chemical vapour deposition (CVD) graphene over the DC to 110 MHzfrequency range at room temperature. Graphene on Si/SiO2 substrate was mountedin a shielded four terminal-pair (4TP) adaptor which enabled direct connectionto a calibrated precision impedance analyser for measurements. Good agreementis observed for the DC four-probe resistance and the 4TP resistance at 40 Hz,both yielding R ~ 104 {\Omega}. In general the apparent graphene channelelectromagnetic properties are found to be strongly influenced by the substrateparasitic capacitance and resistance, particularly for high-frequencies f > 1MHz. A phenomenological lumped-parameter equivalent circuit model is presentedwhich matches the frequency response of the graphene 4TP impedance device overapproximately seven decades of the frequency range of the applied transportalternating current. Based on this model, it is shown for the first time, thatthe intrinsic graphene channel resistance of the 4TP device isfrequency-independent (i.e. dissipationless) with RG ~ 105 {\Omega} or sheetresistance of approximately 182 {\Omega} / sq. The parasitic substrateimpedance of the device is found shunt RG with RP ~ 2.2 {\Omega} in series withCP ~ 600 pF. These results suggest that our new RF 4TP method is in goodagreement with the conventional DC four-probe method for measuring theintrinsic sheet resistance of single-atom thick materials and could potentiallyopen up new applications in RF electronics, AC quantum Hall effect metrologyand sensors based on graphene 4TP devices operating over broad range offrequencies.
Dynamics of a Qubit in a High-Impedance Transmission Line from a Bath  Perspective	2016	We investigate quantum dynamics of a generic model of light-matterinteraction in the context of high impedance waveguides, focusing on thebehavior of the emitted photonic states, in the framework of the spin-bosonmodel Quantum quenches as well as scattering of an incident coherent pulse arestudied using two complementary methods. First, we develop an approximateansatz for the electromagnetic waves based on a single multimode coherent statewavefunction; formally, this approach combines ideas from adiabaticrenormalization, the Born-Markov approximation, and input-output theory.Second, we present numerically exact results for scattering of a weak intensitypulse by using NRG calculations. NRG provides a benchmark for any linearresponse property throughout the ultra-strong coupling regime. We find that ina sudden quantum quench, the coherent state approach produces physicalartifacts, such as improper relaxation to the steady state. These previouslyunnoticed problems are related to the simplified form of the ansatz thatgenerates spurious correlations within the bath. In the scattering problem, NRGis used to find the transmission and reflection of a single photon, as well asthe inelastic scattering of that single photon. Simple analytical formulas areestablished and tested against the NRG data that predict quantitatively thetransport coefficients for up to moderate environmental impedance. Theseformulas resolve pending issues regarding the presence of inelastic losses inthe spin-boson model near absorption resonances, and could be used forcomparison to experiments in Josephson waveguide QED. Finally, the scatteringresults using the coherent state wavefunction approach are compared favorablyto the NRG results for very weak incident intensity. We end our study bypresenting results at higher power where the response of the system isnonlinear.
Hydrodynamic Impedance Correction for Reduced-Order Modeling and  Real-Time Control of Spermatozoa-Like Soft Micro-Robots for Medicine	2018	Hydrodynamic interactions play a key role in the swimming behavior and powerconsumption of bio-inspired and bio-mimetic micro-swimmers, Cybernetic orartificial alike. As micro-robotic devices, bio-inspired micro-swimmers requirefast and reliable numerical models for robust control in order to carry outdemanding therapeutic tasks as envisaged for more than sixty years. The fastestknown numerical model, the resistive force theory (RFT), incorporates localviscous force coefficients with the local velocity of slender bodies in orderto find the resisting hydrodynamic forces, however, omitting the induced farfield altogether. In this scheme, the forces are calculated for a pure fluidresistance, however, at the expense of time-dependent hydrodynamic interactioneffects. As a result, the power requirement cannot be predicted accuratelyalthough the supply of necessary power is one of the biggest obstacles impedingthe micro-robotic efforts. In this study, an analysis strategy is proposed toimprove the RFT-based analysis, particularly for spermatozoa andspermatozoa-inspired micro-swimmers with elastic slender tails, in order topresent a practical solution to the problem. The required analytical correctionand the necessary correction coefficients are based on hydrodynamic impedanceanalysis via intensive computational fluid dynamics (CFD) models, i.e., thetime-dependent solution of 3-dimensional Navier-Stokes equations incorporatedwith deforming mesh and subject to conservation of mass. The CFD-based modelresults are then used to extract the correction coefficients with the help of acost function written based on the hydrodynamic power required to sustain thecontinuous swimming of selected shape and design. The performance of thecorrections embedded in the RFT model is finally validated against the CFDmodel by means of hydrodynamic power comparisons.
Microwave impedance readout of a hafnium microbridge detector	2018	We present proof-of-operation for a new method of electron thermometry usingmicrowave impedance of a hafnium micro-absorber. The new method leads to anultimate THz-range detector suitable for microwave readout and frequencydivision multiplexing. The sensing part of the device is a hot-electron-gasabsorber responding to the incident radiation by variation of its impedancemeasured at probing frequency about 1.5 GHz. The absorber is a microbridge madefrom hafnium (Tc = 375 mK, RN = 30 Ohm) sized 2.5 um by 2.5 um by 50 nm andintegrated with a planar 600-700 GHz antenna placed near the open end of aquarter-wave CPW resonator (Q-factor about 10^4). All elements of the circuit,except the microbridge, are made from 100-nm thick Nb, including the resonator,which is weakly coupled to a throughput line. The device was tested at 50-350mK smoothly responding with its transmission coefficient S21 to appliedmicrowave power at the resonance frequency. We have found that the powerabsorbed by the bridge fits to the model of hot electron gas, P=k(Te^n-Tph^n)(n = 5...6). The idle NEP down to about 10^-18 W/Hz^(-1/2) and thecorresponding cross-over temperature for photon background about 5 K areestimated from the measured data. The saturation power of about 1 pW andpossibility of moderate gain are anticipated for a practicable device operatingat temperature 200 mK. Since the optimum readout frequency is found exactly atthe resonance, the detector is insensitive to most phase instabilities at theprobing frequency.
PFLOTRAN-SIP: A PFLOTRAN Module for Simulating Spectral-Induced  Polarization of Electrical Impedance Data	2019	Spectral induced polarization (SIP) is a non-intrusive geophysical methodthat is widely used to detect sulfide minerals, clay minerals, metallicobjects, municipal wastes, hydrocarbons, and salinity intrusion. However, SIPis a static method that cannot measure the dynamics of flow and solute/speciestransport in the subsurface. To capture these dynamics, the data collected withthe SIP technique needs to be coupled with fluid flow and reactive-transportmodels. To our knowledge, currently, there is no simulator in the open-sourceliterature that couples fluid flow, solute transport, and SIP process models toanalyze geoelectrical signatures in a large-scale system. A massively parallelsimulation framework (PFLOTRAN-SIP) was built to couple SIP data to fluid flowand solute transport processes. This framework built on the PFLOTRAN-E4Dsimulator that couples PFLOTRAN and E4D, without sacrificing computationalperformance. PFLOTRAN solves the coupled flow and solute transport processmodels to estimate solute concentrations, which were used in Archie's model tocompute bulk electrical conductivities at near-zero frequency. These bulkelectrical conductivities were modified using the Cole-Cole model to accountfor frequency dependence. Using the estimated frequency-dependent bulkconductivities, E4D simulated the real and complex electrical potential signalsfor selected frequencies for SIP. The PFLOTRAN-SIP framework was demonstratedthrough a synthetic tracer-transport model simulating tracer concentration andelectrical impedances for four frequencies. Later, SIP inversion estimated bulkelectrical conductivities by matching electrical impedances for each specifiedfrequency. The estimated bulk electrical conductivities were consistent withthe simulated tracer concentrations from the PFLOTRAN-SIP forward model.
Modeling ultrasound propagation in the moving brain: applications to  shear shock waves and traumatic brain injury	2020	Traumatic brain injury studies on the living human brain are experimentallyinfeasible. We present a simulation approach that models ultrasound propagationin the human brain while it is moving due to the complex shear shock wavedeformation from a traumatic impact. Finite difference simulations can modelultrasound propagation in complex media such as human tissue. Recently, we haveshown that a finite difference approach can be used to represent displacementsthat are much smaller than the grid size, such as the motion encountered inshear wave propagation from ultrasound elastography. However, thissubresolution displacement model, called impedance flow, was only implementedand validated for acoustical media composed of randomly distributed scatterers.Here we propose a generalization of the impedance flow method that describesthe continuous subresolution motion of structured acoustical maps, and inparticular of acoustical maps of the human brain. It is shown that the averageerror in the subresolution displacement method is small compared to thewavelength. The method is applied to acoustical maps of a moving human brain,imposed by the propagation of a shear shock wave. Then the Fullwave simulationtool is used to model transmit-receive imaging sequences based on an L7-4imaging transducer. The simulated radiofrequency data is beamformed using aconventional delay-and-sum method and a normalized cross-correlation methoddesigned for shock wave tracking is used to determine the tissue motion. It isshown that the proposed generalized impedance flow method accurately capturesthe shear shock wave motion. This method can lead to improvements in imagesequence design that takes into account the aberration and multiple reflectionsfrom the brain and in the design of tracking algorithms that can moreaccurately capture the complex brain motion that occurs during a traumaticimpact.
Low voltage conductance of small tunnel junctions	1992	A discrete charge transfer in a small tunnel junction where Coulombinteractions are important can excite electron-hole pairs near the Fermi level.We use a simple model to study the associated nonequilibrium properties andfound two novel effects: (i) for junctions with electrodes of the sameelectronic properties, a leakage current exists within the Coulomb gap evenwhen the environmental impedance is infinite; (ii) for junctions withelectrodes of different electronic properties, the differential conductancediverges when a net interaction between conduction electrons is attractive, andit is strongly suppressed for a net repulsive interaction.
Intrinsic mechanism of phase locking in two-dimensional Josephson  junction networks in presence of an external magnetic field	1996	We present numerical simulations of the dynamics of two-dimensional Josephsonjunction arrays to study the mechanism of mutual phase locking. We show that inthe presence of an external magnetic field two mechanisms are playing a role inphase locking: feedback through the external load and internal coupling betweenrows due to microwave currents induced by the field. We have found theparameter values (junction capacitance, cell loop inductance, impedance of theexternal load) for which the interplay of both these mechanisms leads to thein-phase solution. The case of unshunted arrays is discussed as well.
Depinning transition in type-II superconductors	1997	The surface impedance Z(f) of conventional isotropic materials has beencarefully measured for frequencies f ranging from 1 kHz to 3 MHz, allowing adetailed investigation of the depinning transition. Our results exhibit theirrelevance of classical ideas to the dynamics of vortex pinning. We propose anew picture, where the linear ac response is entirely governed by disorderedboundary conditions of a rough surface, whereas in the bulk vortices respondfreely. The universal law for Z(f) thus predicted is in remarkable agreementwith experiment, and tentatively applies to microwave data in YBaCuO films.
Dielectric resonances of binary random networks	1998	We investigate the AC conductivity of binary random impedance networks, withemphasis on its dependence on the ratio of the complex conductances of bothphases. We propose an algorithm to determine the conductance of a finitenetwork, in terms of its poles and of the associated residues. A numericalimplementation of the algorithm, on the example of the square lattice, allows adetailed investigation of the resonant dielectric response of the binary model,including the density of resonances, the spectral function, the distribution ofspacings between resonances. The distribution of local electric fields atresonance is found to be multifractal.
Bose Condensates in TOP Traps Exhibit Circulating Superfluid Flows	1998	For spin one atoms localized in a quadrapole magnetic field gradient, theatoms may be impeded from spin flipping their way out from the center of thetrap by the application of a rotating uniform magnetic field. From a quantummechanical viewpoint, such a trap for a Bose condensate is equivalent to havinga superfluid in a rotating bucket. Vorticity is then expected to be induced inthe condensate fluid flow without the application of any further externalperturbations.
c-axis electrodynamics of ybco	1998	New measurements of surface impedance in ybco show that the c-axispenetration depth and conductivity below Tc exhibit behaviour different fromthat observed in the planes. The c-axis penetration depth never has the lineartemperature dependence seen in the ab-plane. Instead of the conductivity peakseen in the planes, the c-axis microwave conductivity falls to low values inthe superconducting state, then rises slightly below 20K. These results showthat c-axis transport remains incoherent below Tc, even though this is one ofthe least anisotropic cuprate superconductors.
rf-studies of vortex dynamics in isotropic type-II superconductors	1998	We have measured the surface impedance of thick superconductors in the mixedstate over a broad 2 kHz - 20 MHz frequency range. The depinning cross-over isobserved; but it is much broader than expected from classical theories ofpinning. A striking result is the existence of size effects which invalidatethe common interpretation of the low-frequency surface inductance in terms of asingle penetration depth. Instead, a two-mode description of vortex dynamics,assuming free vortex flow in the bulk and surface pinning, accountsquantitatively for the spectrum of the complex apparent penetration depth.
Microwave Nonlinearities in High Tc Superconductors: The Truth Is Out  There	1998	This paper discusses some of the major experimental features of microwavenonlinearity in high temperature superconductors, both intrinsic and extrinsic.The case is made for solving the problem of extrinsic nonlinearity through theuse of localized measurements of microwave surface impedance andelectromagnetic fields. Along these lines, a brief introduction is given to ourwork on scanning near-field microwave microscopy
Reduction of the Superfluid Density in the Vortex-Liquid Phase of  Bi2Sr2CaCu2Oy	1998	In-plane complex surface impedance of a Bi2Sr2CaCu2Oy single crystal wasmeasured in the mixed state at 40.8 GHz.The surface reactance, which isproportional to the real part of the effective penetration depth, increasedrapidly just above the first-order vortex-lattice melting transition field andthe second magnetization peak field.This increase is ascribed to the decreasein the superfluid density rather than the loss of pinning.This result indicatesthat the vortex melting transition changes the electronic structure as well asthe vortex structure.
Frequency Dependent Conductance of a Tunnel Junction in the  Semiclassical Limit	1999	The linear conductance of the a small metallic tunnel junction embedded in anelectromagnetic environment of arbitrary impedance is determined in thesemiclassical limit. Electron tunneling is treated beyond the orthodox theoryof Coulomb blockade phenomena by means of a nonperturbative path integralapproach. The frequency dependent conductance is obtained from Kubo's formula.The theoretical predictions are valid for high temperatures and/or for largetunneling conductance and are found to explain recent experimental data.
Flux-noise spectra around the Kosterlitz-Thouless transition for  two-dimensional superconductors	1999	The flux-noise spectra around the Kosterlitz-Thouless transition are obtainedfrom simulations of the two-dimensional resistively shunted junction model. Inparticular the dependence on the distance $d$ between the pick-up coil and thesample is investigated. The typical experimental situation corresponds to thelarge-$d$ limit and a simple relation valid in this limit between the compleximpedance and the noise spectra is clarified. Features, which distinguishbetween the large- and small-$d$ limit, are identified and the possibility ofobserving these features in experiments is discussed.
Modeling nonlinearity and hysteresis due to critical-state flux  penetration in hard superconductors	1999	The nonlinear surface impedance of a thin superconducting strip carrying amicrowave current has been calculated numerically from first principles basedupon flux penetration due to a current-induced critical state. The calculationsapproach analytic results in the appropriate limit. The technique is useful fordesign of passive superconducting microwave circuits.
One and two dimensional tunnel junction arrays in weak Coulomb blockade  regime-absolute accuracy in thermometry	1999	We have investigated one and two dimensional (1D and 2D) arrays of tunneljunctions in partial Coulomb blockade regime. The absolute accuracy of theCoulomb blockade thermometer is influenced by the external impedance of thearray, which is not the same in the different topologies of 1D and 2D arrays.We demonstrate, both by experiment and by theoretical calculations in simplegeometries, that the 1D structures are better in this respect. Yet in both 1Dand 2D, the influence of the environment can be made arbitrarily small bymaking the array sufficiently large.
Magnetic-field dependence of dynamical vortex response in  two-dimensional Josephson junction arrays and superconducting films	1999	The dynamical vortex response of a two-dimensional array of the resistivelyshunted Josephson junctions in a perpendicular magnetic field is inferred fromsimulations. It is found that, as the magnetic field is increased at a fixedtemperature, the response crosses over from normal to anomalous, and that thiscrossover can be characterized by a single dimensionless parameter. It isdescribed how this crossover should be reflected in measurements of the compleximpedance for Josephson junction arrays and superconducting films.
Clogging Time of a Filter	2000	We study the time until a filter becomes clogged due to the trapping ofsuspended particles as they pass through a porous medium. This trappingprogressively impedes and eventually stops the flow of the carrier fluid. Wedevelop a simple description for the pore geometry and the motion of thesuspended particles which, together with extreme-value statistics, predictsthat the distribution of times until a filter clogs has a power-law long-timetail, with an infinite mean clogging time. These results and its consequencesare in accord with simulations on a square lattice porous network.
The resistance anomaly in the surface layer of  Bi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+x}$ single crystals under radio-frequency  irradiation	2000	We observed that radio-frequency (rf) irradiation significantly enhances the$c$-axis resistance near and below the superconducting transition of theCuO$_{2}$ layer in contact with a normal-metal electrode on the surface ofBi$_{2}$Sr$_{2}$CaCu$_{2}$O$_{8+x}$ single crystals. We attribute theresistance anomaly to the rf-induced charge-imbalance nonequilibrium effect inthe surface CuO$_{2}$ layer. The relaxation of the charge-imbalance in thishighly anisotropic system is impeded by the slow quasiparticle recombinationrate, which results in the observed excessive resistance.
Evidence of Electromagnetic Absorption by Collective Modes in the Heavy  Fermion Superconductor UBe13	2001	We present results of a microwave surface impedance study of the heavyfermion superconductor UBe13. We clearly observe an absorption peak whosefrequency- and temperature-dependence scales with the BCS gap function.Resonant absorption into a collective mode, with energy approximatelyproportional to the superconducting gap, is proposed as a possibleexplantation.
Controlled dephasing of Andreev states in superconducting quantum  point-contacts	2001	We have studied the relaxation and dephasing processes in a superconductingquantum point contact induced by the interaction with an electromagneticenvironment. Based on a density matrix approach we obtain the rates for thedissipative dynamics as function of the transmission, the phase difference onthe contact and the external impedance. Our calculation allows to determine theappropriate range of parameters for the observation of coherent oscillations inthe current through the contact.
Fluctuation-dissipation theorem and flux noise in overdamped Josephson  junction arrays	2002	The form of the fluctuation-dissipation theorem for a resistively shuntedJosephson juction array is derived with the help of the method whichexplicitely takes into acoount screening effects. This result is used toexpress the flux noise power spectrum in terms of frequency dependent sheetimpedance of the array. The relation between noise amplitude and parameters ofthe detection coil is analysed for the simplest case of a single-loop coil.
Superconducting Single-Electron Transistor in a Locally Tunable  Electromagnetic Environment: Dissipation and Charge Fluctuations	2002	We have developed a novel system consisting of a superconductingsingle-electron transistor (S-SET) coupled to a two-dimensional electron gas(2DEG), for which the dissipation can be tuned in the immediate vicinity of theS-SET. Within linear response, the S-SET conductance varies nonmonotonicallywith increasing 2DEG impedance. We find good agreement between our experimentalresults and a model incorporating electromagnetic fluctuations in both theS-SET leads and the 2DEG, as well as low-frequency switching of the S-SEToffset charge.
Optomagnetic composite medium with conducting nanoelements	2002	A new type of metal-dielectric composites has been proposed that ischaracterised by a resonance-like behaviour of the effective permeability inthe infrared and visible spectral ranges. This material can be referred to asoptomagnetic medium. The analytical formalism developed is based on solving thescattering problem for considered inclusions with impedance boundary condition,which yields the current and charge distributions within the inclusions. Thepresence of the effective magnetic permeability and its resonant propertieslead to novel optical effects and open new possible applications.
Simple Lattice-Models of Ion Conduction: Counter Ion Model vs. Random  Energy Model	2002	The role of Coulomb interaction between the mobile particles in ionicconductors is still under debate. To clarify this aspect we perform Monte Carlosimulations on two simple lattice models (Counter Ion Model and Random EnergyModel) which contain Coulomb interaction between the positively charged mobileparticles, moving on a static disordered energy landscape. We find that thenature of static disorder plays an important role if one wishes to explore theimpact of Coulomb interaction on the microscopic dynamics. This Coulomb typeinteraction impedes the dynamics in the Random Energy Model, but enhancesdynamics in the Counter Ion Model in the relevant parameter range.
An RF Circuit Model for Carbon Nanotubes	2002	We develop an rf circuit model for single walled carbon nanotubes for both dcand capacitively contacted geometries. By modeling the nanotube as anano-transmission line with distributed kinetic and magnetic inductance as wellas distributed quantum and electrostatic capacitance, we calculate the complex,frequency dependent impedance for a variety of measurement geometries. Excitingvoltage waves on the nano-transmission line is equivalent to directly excitingthe yet-to-be observed one dimensional plasmons, the low energy excitation of aLuttinger liquid.
Superconducting SET with tunable electromagnetic environment	2002	We have studied the environmental effect on superconducting single-electrontransistors (S-SETs) by biasing S-SETs with arrays of small-capacitance dcSQUIDs, whose effective impedance can be varied in situ. As the zero-biasresistance of the arrays is increased, Coulomb blockade in the S-SET becomessharper, and the gate-voltage dependence changes from e-periodic to2e-periodic. The SQUID arrays could be used as on-chip noise filters.
Electromagnetic Wave Propagation in Media with Indefinite Permittivity  and Permeability Tensors	2002	We study the behavior of wave propagation in materials for which not all ofthe principle elements of the permeability and permittivity tensors have thesame sign. We find that a wide variety of effects can be realized in suchmedia, including negative refraction, near-field focusing and high impedancesurface reflection. In particular a bi-layer of these materials can transfer afield distribution from one side to the other, including near-fields, withoutrequiring internal exponentially growing waves.
The superconducting gap of \QTR{em}{in situ} $MgB_{2}$ thin films by  microwave surface impedance measurements	2002	Precision measurements of the microwave surface resistance $R_{s}$ of in situ$MgB_{2}$ films directly reveal an exponential behavior of $R_{s}$ at lowtemperature indicating a fully-gapped order parameter. The entire temperaturedependence of $R_{s}$ is well described by a Mattis-Bardeen formalism but witha small gap ratio of $\Delta (0)/kT_{c}=0.72$, corresponding to $\Delta(0)=1.9meV$.
Temperature dependent third cumulant of tunneling noise	2003	Poisson statistics predicts that the shot noise in a tunnel junction has atemperature independent third cumulant e^2\I, determined solely by the meancurrent I. Experimental data, however, show a puzzling temperature dependence.We demonstrate theoretically that the third cumulant becomes stronglytemperature dependent and may even change sign as a result of feedback from theelectromagnetic environment. In the limit of a noninvasive (zero-impedance)measurement circuit in thermal equilibrium with the junction, we find that thethird cumulant crosses over from e^2/I at low temperatures to -e^2/I at hightemperatures.
Analysis of the radio-frequency single-electron transistor with large  quality factor	2003	We have analyzed the response and noise-limited sensitivity of theradio-frequency single-electron transistor (RF-SET), extending the previouslydeveloped theory to the case of arbitrary large quality factor Q of the RF-SETtank circuit. It is shown that while the RF-SET response reaches the maximum atQ roughly corresponding to the impedance matching condition, the RF-SETsensitivity monotonically worsens with the increase of Q. Also, we propose anovel operation mode of the RF-SET, in which an overtone of the incident rfwave is in resonance with the tank circuit.
Giant magnetoimpedance in Vitrovac amorphous ribbons over [0.3-400 MHz]  frequency range	2003	Giant magneto impedance (GMI) effect for as-castVitrovac$^{\textrm{\scriptsize\textregistered}}$ amorphous ribbons(Vacuumschmelze, Germany) in two configurations (parallel and normal to theribbon axis) is studied over the frequency range [0.3-400 MHz] and under staticmagnetic fields -160 Oe $< H_{dc} < $+160 Oe. A variety of peak features andGMI ratio values, falling within a small field range, are observed anddiscussed.
High performance temperature controller: application to the excess noise  measurements of YBCO thermometers in the transition region	2003	Dedicated read-out electronics was developed for low impedance resistivethermometers. Using this high performance temperature controller, thetemperature dependence of the excess noise of a YBa2Cu307-d (YBCO) sample inthe superconducting transition was monitored as a function of the current bias.The noise could reach 3.10-8 K Hz-1/2 at 1 Hz, 5 mA bias and 90 K.
Anomalous Flux Flow Resistivity in Two Gap Superconductor MgB_2	2003	The flux flow resistivity associated with purely viscous motion of vorticesin high-quality MgB_2 was measured by microwave surface impedance. Flux flowresistivity exhibits unusual field dependence with strong enhancement at lowfield, which is markedly different to conventional s-wave superconductors. Acrossover field which separates two distinct flux flow regimes having differentflux flow resistivity slopes was clearly observed in H//ab-plane. The unusualH-dependence indicates that two very differently sized superconducting gaps inMgB_2 manifest in the vortex dynamics and almost equally contribute to energydissipation. The carrier scattering rate in two different bands is alsodiscussed with the present results, compared to heat capacity and thermalconductivity results.
Numerical analysis of the radio-frequency single-electron transistor  operation	2003	We have analyzed numerically the response and noise-limited chargesensitivity of a radio-frequency single-electron transistor (RF-SET) in anon-superconducting state using the orthodox theory. In particular, we havestudied the performance dependence on the quality factor Q of the tank circuitfor Q both below and above the value corresponding to the impedance matchingbetween the coaxial cable and SET.
Dynamical fluctuations in mode locking experiments on vortices moving  through mesoscopic channels	2003	We have studied the flow properties of vortices driven through easy flowmesoscopic channels by means of the mode locking (ML) technique. We observe aML jump with large voltage broadening in the real part of the rf-impedance.Upon approaching the pure dc flow by reducing the rf amplitude, the ML jump issmeared out via a divergence of the voltage width. This indicates a largespread in internal frequencies and lack of temporal coherence in the dc-drivenstate.
Signature of entangled eigenstates in the magnetic response of two  coupled flux qubits	2003	We study dissipative dynamics and a magnetic response of two coupled fluxqubits interacting with a high quality tank in the framework of the impedancemeasurement technique (IMT). It is shown that the observation of the differencebetween a sum of IMT signals from separated qubits and the signal from thesystem when both qubits are in the degeneracy point (IMT deficit) impliesimmediately a formation of the entangled two-qubit eigenstates.
Possibility of a Metallic Field-Effect Transistor	2004	We develop theoretical arguments that demonstrate the possibility of metallicfield-effect transistors (METFET's) in one-dimensional systems and particularlyin armchair carbon nanotubes. A very inhomogeneous electric field, such as thefield of a tunnelling tip, can penetrate the relatively weakly screenednanotubes and open an energy gap. As a consequence, an energy barrier formsthat impedes electron flow and thus permits transistor action. This type ofmetallic field effect is advantageous because of the high conductance of themetallic tubes in the ON--state.
A method for direct observation of quantum tunneling in a single  molecule	2004	An application of impedance measurement technique (IMT) for a detection ofquantum tunneling in molecular structures is investigated. A charged particlewhich tunnels in a two-well potential is electrically coupled to a high-qualitysuperconducting LC-circuit(tank) that makes possible a measurement of theelectric susceptibility of the molecule at the resonant frequency of the tank.The real part of this susceptibility bears information about the tunneling ratethrough a measurable parameter - a phase angle between the tank voltage and abias current applied to the tank. It is shown that the present approach ishighly sensitive and allows the monitoring of the tunnel motion of chargednuclei in a single molecule.
Long lived acoustic vibrational modes of an embedded nanoparticle	2004	Classical continuum elastic calculations show that the acoustic vibrationalmodes of an embedded nanoparticle can be lightly damped even when thelongitudinal plane wave acoustic impedances $Z_o=\rho v_L$ of the nanoparticleand the matrix are the same. It is not necessary for the matrix to be lessdense or softer than the nanoparticle in order to have long lived vibrationalmodes. Continuum boundary conditions do not always accurately reflect themicroscropic nature of the interface between nanoparticle and matrix, and amulti-layer model of the interface reveals the possibility of additionalreduction of mode damping.
Electronic thermal conductivity of disordered metals	2004	We calculate the thermal conductivity of interacting electrons in disorderedmetals. In our analysis we point out that the interaction affects thermaltransport through two distinct mechanims, associated with quantum interferencecorrections and energy exchange of the quasi particles with the electromagneticenvironment, respectively. The latter is seen to lead to a violation of theWiedemann-Franz law. Our theory predicts a strong enhancement of the Lorenzratio $\kappa /\sigma T$ over the value which is predicted by theWiedemann-Franz law, when the electrons encounter a large environmentalimpedance.
Excitation of magnetostatic spin waves in ferromagnetic films	2004	The torque equation of nonlinear spin dynamics is considered in themagnetostatic approximation. In this framework, exact expressions forpropagator of linear magnetostatic waves in ferromagnetic film between twoantennas and corresponding mutual impedance of the antennas are derived, underconditions of uniform but arbitrarily oriented static magnetization andarbitrary anisotropy. The results imply also full description of spectrum ofthe waves.
Measurements of surface impedance of superconductors as a function of  frequency in microwave range	2004	We report measurements of the complex resistivity in YBCO and MgB$_2$ thinfilms over a continuous frequency spectrum in the microwave range, making useof a Corbino disk geometry. The paper mainly focuses on the extraction of theresistivity from raw data, displaying data analysis procedure and its limits ofvalidity. We obtain and show resistivity curves as a function of frequency andtemperature denoting a frequency dependent widening of the superconductingtransition.
Barrier layer formation and PTCR effect in (1-x)  Pb(Fe1/2Nb1/2)O3]-xPbTiO3 (x = 0.13) ceramics	2004	(1-x)Pb(Fe1/2Nb1/2)O3-PbTiO3(PFN-xPT)Ceramics with x = 0.13 sintered at 1473Kshow diffuse phase transition and very high dielectric constant at lowerfrequencies.The high value of dielectric constant at lower frequencies is shownto be due to the barrier layer formation.The resistivity of the PFN-xPTceramics, obtained by complex impedance analysis, initially decreases withtemperature and then shows an upward trend beyond the ferroelectric Curie pointreminiscent of BaTiO3 based thermistors with PTCR effect.
First evidence of a strong Magneto-capacitance coupling at room  temperature in integrated piezoelectric resonators	2004	In the vicinity of their resonance frequency, piezoelectric resonators arehighly sensitive to small perturbations. The present report is focussed on themagnetic field as a perturbation source. First, magneto-dielectric modulationof more than 10% is achieved at room temperature on both ferroelectric singlecrystals and quartz discs. Since such piezoelectric resonators are nowavailable as membranes directly integrated on Silicon wafer, we have checkedthe magneto-dielectric modulation in such resonators. We show here for thefirst time that a moderate magnetic field of 2.104 Oersteds is able toefficiently tune the impedance of these resonators in their resonance window.
A quantitative evaluation of metallic conduction in conjugated polymers	2004	As the periodicity in crystalline materials creates the optimal condition forelectronic delocalization, one might expect that in partially crystallineconjugated polymers delocalization is impeded by intergrain transport. However,for the best conducting polymers this presumption fails. Delocalization isobstructed by interchain rather than intergrain charge transfer and we proposea model of weakly coupled disordered chains to describe the physics near themetal-insulator transition. Our quantitative calculations match the outcome ofrecent broad-band optical experiments and provide a consistent explanation ofmetallic conduction in polymers.
Cyclostationary shot noise in mesoscopic measurements	2004	We discuss theoretically a setup where a time-dependent current consisting ofa DC bias and two sinusoidal harmonics is driven through a sample. If thesample exhibits current-dependent shot noise, the down-converted noise powerspectrum varies depending on the local-oscillator phase of the mixer. Thetheory of this phase-dependent noise is applied to discuss the measurement ofthe radio-frequency single-electron transistor. We also show that this effectcan be used to measure the shot noise accurately even in nonlinearhigh-impedance samples.
Macroscopic Phase Coherence of Defective Vortex Lattices in Two  Dimensions	2005	The superfluid density is calculated theoretically for incompressible vortexlattices in two dimensions that have isolated dislocations quenched in by arandom arrangement of pinned vortices. The latter are assumed to be sparse andto be fixed to material defects. It is shown that the pinned vortices act toconfine a single dislocation of the vortex lattice along its glide plane.Plastic creep of the two-dimensional vortex lattice is thereby impeded, andmacroscopic phase coherence results at low temperature in the limit of a diluteconcentration of quenched-in dislocations.
Microwave surface resistance in superconductors with grain boundaries	2005	Microwave-field distribution, dissipation, and surface impedance aretheoretically investigated for superconductors with laminar grain boundaries(GBs). In the present theory we adopt the two-fluid model for intragraintransport current in the grains, and the Josephson-junction model forintergrain tunneling current across GBs. Results show that the surfaceresistance $R_s$ nonmonotonically depends on the critical current density$J_{cj}$ at GB junctions, and $R_s$ for superconductors with GBs can be smallerthan the surface resistance $R_{s0}$ for ideal homogeneous superconductorswithout GBs.
Crossover from Kramers to phase-diffusion switching in hysteretic  DC-SQUIDs	2005	We have measured and propose a model for switching rates in hystereticDC-SQUID in the regime where phase diffusion processes start to occur. We showthat the switching rates in this regime are smaller than the rates given byKramers' formula due to retrapping of Josephson phase. The retrapping process,which is affected by the frequency dependent impedance of the environment ofthe DC-SQUID, leads to a peaked second moment of the switching distribution asa function of temperature. The temperature where the peaks occur areproportional to the critical current of the DC- SQUID.
Feedback effects on the current correlations in Y-shaped conductors	2005	We study current fluctuations in a Y-shaped conductor connected to externalleads with finite impedances. We show that, due to voltage fluctuations in thecircuit, the moments of the transferred charges cannot be obtained from simplerescaling of the bare values already in the second moments. Thecross-correlation between the output terminals can change from negative topositive under certain parameter regimes.
Generation of tunable Terahertz out-of-plane radiation using Josephson  vortices in modulated layered superconductors	2005	We show that a moving Josephson vortex in spatially modulated layeredsuperconductors generates out-of-plane THz radiation. Remarkably, the magneticand in-plane electric fields radiated are of the same order, which is veryunusual for any good-conducting medium. Therefore, the out-of-plane radiationcan be emitted to the vacuum without the standard impedance mismatch problem.Thus, the proposed design can be more efficient for tunable THz emitters thanprevious proposals, for radiation only propagating along the ab-plane.
Microwave Response of V3Si Single Crystals: Evidence for Two-Gap  Superconductivity	2005	The investigation of the temperature dependences of microwave surfaceimpedance and complex conductivity of V3Si single crystals with differentstoichiometry allowed to observe a number of peculiarities which are inremarkable contradiction with single-gap Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer theory. Atthe same time, they can be well described by two-band model ofsuperconductivity, thus strongly evidencing the existence of two distinctenergy gaps with zero-temperature values Delta1~1.8Tc and Delta2~0.95Tc inV3Si.
Bloch inductance in small-capacitance Josephson junctions	2005	We show that the electrical impedance of a small-capacitance Josephsonjunction includes besides the capacitive term $-i/\omega C_B$ also an inductiveterm $i\omega L_B$. Similar to the known Bloch capacitance $C_B(q)$, the Blochinductance $L_B(q)$ also depends periodically on the quasicharge $q$, and itsmaximum value achieved at $q=e (\textrm{mod} 2e)$ always exceeds the value ofthe Josephson inductance of this junction $L_J(\phi)$ at fixed $\phi=0$. Theeffect of the Bloch inductance on the dynamics of a single junction and aone-dimensional array is described.
Phase-Charge Duality of a Josephson junction in a fluctuating  electromagnetic environment	2005	We have measured the current-voltage characteristics of a single Josephsonjunction placed in a high impedance environment. The transfer of Cooper pairsthrough the junction is governed by overdamped quasicharge dynamics, leading toCoulomb blockade and Bloch oscillations. Exact duality exists to the standardoverdamped phase dynamics of a Josephson junction, resulting in a dual shape ofthe current-voltage characteristic, with current and voltage changing roles. Wedemonstrate this duality with experiments which allow for a quantitativecomparison with a theory that includes the effect of fluctuations due to finitetemperature of the electromagnetic environment.
A novel route to lower the dielectric loss in CaCu$_{3}$Ti$_{4}$O$_{12}$  ceramics	2005	Based upon a widely-accepted internal-barrier-layer-capacitance (IBLC) model,the dielectric loss in the giant-dielectric-constant CaCu$_{3}$Ti$_{4}$O$_{12}$(CCTO) material is expected to decrease as the conductivity of the CCTOgrains/subgrains increases. In this letter, we report that this idea wassuccessfully realized through the La-for-Ca substitution in the CCTO ceramics.The impedance spectroscopy analysis gives the evidence.
Measurement of Local Reactive and Resistive Photoresponse of a  Superconducting Microwave Device	2005	We propose and demonstrate a spatial partition method for the high-frequencyphoto-response of superconducting devices correlated with inductive andresistive changes in microwave impedance. Using a laser scanning microscope, weshow that resistive losses are mainly produced by local defects at microstripedges and by intergrain weak links in the high-temperature superconductingmaterial. These defects initiate nonlinear high-frequency response due toovercritical current densities and entry of vortices.
Microwave Response and Spin Waves in Superconducting Ferromagnets	2006	Excitation of spin waves is considered in a superconducting ferromagneticslab with the equilibrium magnetization both perpendicular and parallel to thesurface. The surface impedance is calculated and its behavior near propagationthresholds is analyzed. Influence of non-zero magnetic induction at the surfaceis considered in various cases. The results provide a basis for investigationof materials with coexisting superconductivity and magnetism by microwaveresponse measurements.
Thin Ohmic or superconducting strip with an applied ac electric current	2006	The complex impedance, currents, and electric and magnetic fields arecalculated as functions of resistivity and frequency or London depth for a longthin strip with applied ac current. Both Ohmic and superconducting strips areconsidered. While the inductance per unit length of the strip depends on thestrip length logarithmically, the sheet current, magnetic field, resistance,and magnetic susceptibility are independent of this length. It is found thatthe enhancement of resistance by the skin effect in thin Ohmic strips is muchweaker (logarithmic) than in thick wires.
Enhanced Macroscopic Quantum Tunneling in  Bi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+}$ Intrinsic Josephson Junction Stacks	2006	We have investigated macroscopic quantum tunneling inBi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+\delta}$ intrinsic Josephson junctions at millikelvintemperatures using microwave irradiation. Measurements show that the escaperate for uniformly switching stacks of N junctions is about $N^2$ times higherthan that of a single junction having the same plasma frequency. We argue thatthis gigantic enhancement of macroscopic quantum tunneling rate in stacks isboosted by current fluctuations which occur in the series array of junctionsloaded by the impedance of the environment.
Dynamics of sliding drops on superhydrophobic surfaces	2006	We use a free energy lattice Boltzmann approach to investigate numericallythe dynamics of drops moving across superhydrophobic surfaces. The surfacescomprise a regular array of posts small compared to the drop size. For dropssuspended on the posts the velocity increases as the number of posts decreases.We show that this is because the velocity is primarily determined by thecontact angle which, in turn, depends on the area covered by posts. Collapseddrops, which fill the interstices between the posts, behave in a very differentway. The posts now impede the drop behaviour and the velocity falls as theirdensity increases.
Domain-Wall Waves (2D Magnons) in Superconducting Ferromagnets	2006	Propagation of the magnetization waves along domain walls (2D magnons) in asuperconducting ferromagnet has been studied theoretically. The magnetostaticfields (long-range dipole-dipole interaction) have a crucial effect on thespectrum of 2D magnons. But this effect is essentially affected by thesuperconducting Meissner currents, which screen the magnetostatic fields andmodify the long-wavelength spectrum from square-root to linear. The excitationof the domain wall waves by an electromagnetic wave incident on asuperconducting-ferromagnet sample has been considered. This suggests usingmeasurements of the surface impedance for studying the domain wall waves, andeventually for effective probing of superconductivity-ferromagnetismcoexistence.
Nonlinear resonance in a three-terminal carbon nanotube resonator	2006	The RF-response of a three-terminal carbon nanotube resonator coupled toRF-transmission lines is studied by means of perturbation theory and directnumerical integration. We find three distinct oscillatory regimes, includingone regime capable of exhibiting very large hysteresis loops in the frequencyresponse. Considering a purely capacitive transduction, we derive a set ofalgebraic equations which can be used to find the output power (S-parameters)for a device connected to transmission lines with characteristic impedance$Z_0$.
Normal metal - superconductor tunnel junction as a Brownian refrigerator	2007	Thermal noise generated by a hot resistor (resistance $R$) can, under properconditions, catalyze heat removal from a cold normal metal (N) in contact witha superconductor (S) via a tunnel barrier. Such a NIS junction acts asMaxwell's demon, rectifying the heat flow. Upon reversal of the temperaturegradient between the resistor and the junction the heat fluxes are reversed:this presents a regime which is not accessible in an ordinary voltage-biasedNIS structure. We obtain analytical results for the cooling performance in anidealized high impedance environment, and perform numerical calculations forgeneral $R$. We conclude by assessing the experimental feasibility of theproposed effect.
Chemical Equilibration of an Expanding Quark-Gluon Plasma	1996	The chemical equilibration of the parton distribution in collisions of twoheavy nuclei at the CERN Large Hadron Collider is investigated. Initialconditions are obtained from a self-screened parton cascade calculation. Theonset of transverse expansion of the system is found to impede the chemicalequilibration. The system initially approaches chemical equilibrium, but thenis driven away from it, when the transverse velocity becomes large.
Stopped Muon Decay Lifetime Shifts due to Condensed Matter	1999	Up to second order in alpha, vacuum electro-magnetic corrections to weakinteraction induced charged particle lifetimes have been previously studied. Inthe laboratory, stopped muon lifetimes are measured in a condensed mattermedium whose radiation impedance differs from that of the vacuum. The resultingcondensed matter corrections to first order in $\alpha $ dominate those vacuumradiative corrections (two photon loops) which are second order in alpha.
Unknowns after the SNO Charged-Current Measurement	2001	We perform a model-independent analysis of solar neutrino flux ratesincluding the recent charged-current measurement at the Sudbury NeutrinoObservatory (SNO). We derive a universal sum rule involving SNO andSuperKamiokande rates, and show that the SNO neutral-current measurement cannot fix the fraction of solar $\nu_e$ oscillating to sterile neutrinos. Thelarge uncertainty in the SSM $^8$B flux impedes a determination of the sterileneutrino fraction.
Nonlocal effects in high energy charged particle beams	2003	Within the framework of the thermal wave model, an investigation is made ofthe longitudinal dynamics of high energy charged particle beams. The modelincludes the self-consistent interaction between the beam and its surroundingsin terms of a nonlinear coupling impedance, and when resistive as well asreactive parts are included, the evolution equation becomes a generalisednonlinear Schroedinger equation including a nonlocal nonlinear term. Theconsequences of the resistive part on the propagation of particle bunches areexamined using analytical as well as numerical methods.
Multidimensional Borg-Levinson Theorem	2004	"We consider the inverse problem of the reconstruction of a Schr\""odingeroperator on a unknown Riemannian manifold or a domain of Euclidean space. Thedata used is a part of the boundary $\Gamma$ and the eigenvalues correspondingto a set of impedances in the Robin boundary condition which vary on $\Gamma$.The proof is based on the analysis of the behaviour of the eigenfunctions onthe boundary as well as in perturbation theory of eigenvalues. This reduces theproblem to an inverse boundary spectral problem solved by the boundary controlmethod."
Inverse conductivity problem with an imperfectly known boundary	2004	We show how to eliminate the error caused by an incorrectly modeled boundaryin electrical impedance tomography (EIT). In practical measurements, oneusually lacks the exact knowledge of the boundary. Because of this thenumerical reconstruction from the measured EIT data is done using a modeldomain that represents the best guess for the true domain. However, it has beennoticed that the inaccurate model of the boundary causes severe errors for thereconstructions. We introduce a new algorithm to find a deformed image of theoriginal isotropic conductivity based on the theory of Teichmuller spaces andimplement it numerically.
Computing Volume Bounds of Inclusions by EIT Measurements	2007	The size estimates approach for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) allowsfor estimating the size (area or volume) of an unknown inclusion in anelectrical conductor by means of one pair of boundary measurements of voltageand current. In this paper we show by numerical simulations how to obtain suchbounds for practical application of the method. The computations are carriedout both in a 2D and a 3D setting.
Solitary Waves on a Coasting High-Energy Stored Beam	1998	In this work we derive evolution equations for the nonlinear behavior of acoasting beam under the influence of a resonator impedance. Using arenormalization group approach we find a set of coupled nonlinear equations forthe beam density and the resonator voltage. Under certain conditions, these maybe analytically solved yielding solitary wave behavior, even in the presence ofsignificant dissipation in the resonator. We find long-lived perturbations,i.e. droplets, which separate from the beam and decelerate towards aquasi-equilibrium state, in good agreement with simulation results.
Formation of Patterns and Coherent Structures in Charged Particle Beams	1998	In the present paper we study the long wavelength and slow time scalebehavior of a coasting beam in a resonator adopting a broad-band impedancemodel. Based on the renormalization group approach we derive a set of coupledevolution equations for the beam envelope distribution function and theresonator voltage amplitude. The equation for the resonator voltage amplitudeis further transformed into a generalized Ginzburg-Landau equation.
Study of the Four-Rod RFQ Using the Normal Mode Theory of Transmission  Lines	1999	The normal mode theory of the transmission lines is applied to the studies ofthe Four-Rod RFQ. This resonator consists of four quadrupole electrodes andstems. It can be simulated by the four-conductor shielded transmission line,which is loaded by sets of coaxial transmission lines corresponding to thesupport stems. The ideal case of the indefinite periodic Four-Rod RFQ isconsidered. Formulas for resonance frequency, the voltage distribution alongthe electrodes and the shunt impedance are obtained.
Impedance Measurement Setup for Higher-Order Mode Studies in NLC  Accelerator Structures with the Wire Method	2002	Dipole modes are the main cause of transverse emittance dilution in theJapanese Linear Collider / Next Linear Collider (JLC/NLC). A diagnostic setuphas been built in order to investigate them. The method is based on using acoaxial wire to excite and measure electromagnetic modes of acceleratingstructures. This method can offer a more efficient and less expensive procedurethan the ASSET facility. Initial measurements have been made and are presentedin this paper.
Wake Fields and Impedance	2003	Knowledge of the electromagnetic interaction between a beam and thesurrounding vacuum chamber is necessary in order to optimize the acceleratorperformance in terms of stored current. Many instability phenomena may occur inthe machine because of the fields produced by the beam and acting back onitself as in a feedback device. Basically, these fields produce an extravoltage and energy gain, affecting the longitudinal dynamics, and a transversemomentum kick which deflects the beam. In this paper we describe the mainfeatures of this interaction with typical machine components.
EIT Reconstruction Algorithms: Pitfalls, Challenges and Recent  Developments	2003	We review developments, issues and challenges in Electrical ImpedanceTomography (EIT), for the 4th Workshop on Biomedical Applications of EIT,Manchester 2003. We focus on the necessity for three dimensional datacollection and reconstruction, efficient solution of the forward problem andpresent and future reconstruction algorithms. We also suggest common pitfallsor ``inverse crimes'' to avoid.
Applying Synchrotron Phase Measurement to the Estimation of Maximum Beam  Intensity in the Fermilab Booster	2004	It is important to have experimental methods to estimate the maximum beamintensity for the Fermilab Booster as objective input into long term programcommitments. An important existing limit is set by the available rf power. Thislimit is difficult to set a priori because the real longitudinal impedance isnot well known. The synchrotron phase at transition crossing was measured usingboth the mountain range plot and the direct phase measurement of the RFaccelerating voltage relative to the beam, and results were consistent. Theywere applied to predict 6E12 maximum Booster beam intensity with presentrunning conditions.
Two Models for Bolometer and Microcalorimeter Detectors with Complex  Thermal Architectures	2005	We have developed two analytical models to describe the performance ofcryogenic microcalorimeters and bolometers. One of the models is suitable todescribe Transition Edge Sensor (TES) detectors with an integrated absorber,the other is suitable for detectors with large absorbers. Both models take intoaccount hot-electron decoupling and absorber decoupling. The differentialequations describing these models have been solved using block diagram algebra.Each model has produced closed form solutions for the detector's responsivity,dynamic impedance, and noise equivalent power for phonon noise, Johnson noise,amplifier noise, 1/f noise, and load resistor noise.
A classical key distribution system based on Johnson (like) noise - How  secure?	2006	We present a comprehensive analysis of the Johnson (like) noise basedclassical key-distribution scheme presented by Kish [1]. We suggest two passiveattack strategies that enable an adversary to gain complete knowledge of theexchanged key. The first approach exploits the transient response of thevoltage difference on the transmission line after the resistors are switchedand the second one exploits the finite impedance of the wire connecting the twoparties.
Subwavelength resolution with three-dimensional isotropic  transmission-line lenses	2007	"Dispersion, impedance matching and resolution characteristics of an isotropicthree-dimensional flat lens (""superlens"") are studied. The lens is based oncubic meshes of interconnected transmission lines and bulk loads. We study apractical realization of the lens, based on the microstrip technology. Thedispersion equations that have been previously derived, are verified withfull-wave simulations. The isotropy of the structure is verified withanalytical as well as simulation results. The resolution characteristics of apractically realizable, lossy lens are studied analytically."
Playing a quantum game with a corrupted source	2000	"The quantum advantage arising in a simplified multi-player quantum game, isfound to be a disadvantage when the game's qubit-source is corrupted by a noisy""demon"". Above a critical value of the corruption-rate, or noise-level, thecoherent quantum effects impede the players to such an extent that the optimalchoice of game changes from quantum to classical."
Evolution of an Atom Impeded by Measurement: The Quantum Zeno Effect	2001	A quantum system being observed evolves more slowly. This `'quantum Zenoeffect'' is reviewed with respect to a previous attempt of demonstration, andto subsequent criticism of the significance of the findings. A recentexperiment on an {\it individual} cold trapped ion has been capable ofrevealing the micro-state of this quantum system, such that the effect ofmeasurement is indeed discriminated from dephasing of the quantum state byeither the meter or the environment.
Tomographic Quantum Cryptography	2003	We present a protocol for quantum cryptography in which the data obtained formismatched bases are used in full for the purpose of quantum state tomography.Eavesdropping on the quantum channel is seriously impeded by requiring that theoutcome of the tomography is consistent with unbiased noise in the channel. Westudy the incoherent eavesdropping attacks that are still permissible andestablish under which conditions a secure cryptographic key can be generated.The whole analysis is carried out for channels that transmit quantum systems ofany finite dimension.
Electromagnetic Pulse Propagation over Nonuniform Earth Surface:  Numerical Simulation	2007	We simulate EM pulse propagation along the nonuniform earth surface using socalled time-domain parabolic equation. To solve it by finite differences, weintroduce a time-domain analog of the impedance boundary condition and anonlocal BC of transparency reducing open computational domain to a strip offinite width. Numerical examples demonstrate influence of soil conductivity onthe wide-band pulse waveform. For a high-frequency modulated EM pulse, wedevelop an asymptotic approach based on the ray structure of the monochromaticwave field at carrier frequency. This radically diminishes the computationcosts and allows for pulsed wave field calculation in vast domains measured bytens of thousands wavelengths.
Dark matter and the first stars: a new phase of stellar evolution	2007	"A mechanism is identified whereby dark matter (DM) in protostellar halosdramatically alters the current theoretical framework for the formation of thefirst stars. Heat from neutralino DM annihilation is shown to overwhelm anycooling mechanism, consequently impeding the star formation process andpossibly leading to a new stellar phase. A ""dark star'' may result: a giant($\gtrsim 1$ AU) hydrogen-helium star powered by DM annihilation instead ofnuclear fusion. Observational consequences are discussed."
Observing the evolution of a quantum system that does not evolve	2007	This article deals with the problem of gathering information on the timeevolution of a single metastable quantum system whose evolution is impeded bythe quantum Zeno effect. It has been found it is in principle possible toobtain some information on the time evolution and, depending on the specificsystem, even to measure its average decay rate, even if the system does notundergo any evolution at all.
Particle-in-cell simulations of fast collisionless reconnection in  gamma-ray burst outflows	2007	We present preliminary results of particle-in-cell simulations ofcollisionless magnetic reconnection for conditions that apply to magneticallydominated pair plasma jets such as those in gamma-ray bursts. We find similarbehaviour to previous authors but with reduced reconnection efficiency. Thisresults because we include the full electromagnetic field dynamically and allowelectric field fluctuations to grow. Although weak, these fluctuations impedeearly x-point formation by periodically decelerating and even reversing theinflow.
Local and Non-local Shot Noise in Multiwalled Carbon Nanotubes	2007	We have investigated shot noise in multiterminal, diffusive multiwalledcarbon nanotubes (MWNTs) at 4.2 K over the frequency f = 600 - 850 MHz.Quantitative comparison of our data to semiclassical theory, based onnon-equilibrium distribution functions, indicates that a major part of thenoise is caused by a non-equilibrium state imposed by the contacts. Our dataexhibits non-local shot noise across weakly transmitting contacts while alow-impedance contact eliminates such noise almost fully. We obtain F_{tube}<0.03 for the intrinsic Fano factor of our MWNTs.
A three-dimensional backward-wave network matched with free space	2007	A backward-wave slab based on a capacitively and inductively loadedthree-dimensional transmission-line network is designed in such a way thatimpedance-matching with free space is obtained. To enable field propagationfrom free space to the network and vice versa, the use of a transition layer isproposed. Matching of the designed network with free space and negativerefraction occurring at the slab interfaces are confirmed with full-wavesimulations.
Three-port beam splitters-combiners for interferometer applications	2007	We derive generic phase and amplitude coupling relations for beamsplitters-combiners that couple a single port with three output ports or inputports, respectively. We apply the coupling relations to a reflection gratingthat serves as a coupler to a single-ended Fabry-Perot ring cavity. In theimpedance-matched case such an interferometer can act as an all-reflective ringmode cleaner. It is further shown that in the highly undercoupled case almostcomplete separation of carrier power and phase signal from a cavity strain canbe achieved.
Parity effect in Al and Nb single electron transistors in a tunable  environment	2007	Two different types of Cooper pair transistors, with Al and Nb islands, havebeen investigated in a tunable electromagnetic environment. The device with anAl island demonstrates gate charge modulation with 2e-periodicity in a widerange of environmental impedances at bath temperatures below 340 mK. Contraryto the results of the Al sample, we were not able to detect 2e-periodicityunder any conditions on similar samples with Nb island. We attribute this tothe material properties of Nb.
Fast Single-Charge Sensing with an rf Quantum Point Contact	2007	We report high-bandwidth charge sensing measurements using a GaAs quantumpoint contact embedded in a radio frequency impedance matching circuit(rf-QPC). With the rf-QPC biased near pinch-off where it is most sensitive tocharge, we demonstrate a conductance sensitivity of 5x10^(-6) e^(2)/h Hz^(-1/2)with a bandwidth of 8 MHz. Single-shot readout of a proximal few-electrondouble quantum dot is investigated in a mode where the rf-QPC back-action israpidly switched.
Strongly Resonant Transmission of Electromagnetic Radiation in Periodic  Anisotropic Layered Media	2007	The electromagnetic dispersion in periodic layered media can be tailored andtheir resonant properties can be considerably improved by utilizing anisotropicmaterials. Periodic structures with a photonic band edge split into two parts,or so-called split band edge, exhibit superior resonant properties includingexceptionally high Q-values of transmission resonances and nearly perfectimpedance matching at the boundaries, even when the number of unit cells N isnot large. A microwave transmission resonance with Q~220 is demonstrated in aperiodic stack of form-birefringent layers with N=12 realized in a waveguidegeometry.
Dynamic Thermal Analysis of a Power Amplifier	2007	This paper presents dynamic thermal analyses of a power amplifier. All theinvestigations are based on the transient junction temperature measurementsperformed during the circuit cooling process. The presented results include thecooling curves, the structure functions, the thermal time constant distributionand the Nyquist plot of the thermal impedance. The experiments carried outdemonstrated the influence of the contact resistance and the position of theentire cooling assembly on the obtained results.
The Effect of Dark Matter on the First Stars: A New Phase of Stellar  Evolution	2007	Dark matter (DM) in protostellar halos can dramatically alter the currenttheoretical framework for the formation of the first stars. Heat fromsupersymmetric DM annihilation can overwhelm any cooling mechanism,consequently impeding the star formation process and possibly leading to a newstellar phase. The first stars to form in the universe may be ``dark stars'';i.e., giant (larger than 1 AU) hydrogen-helium stars powered by DM annihilationinstead of nuclear fusion. Possibilities for detecting dark stars arediscussed.
Dielectric anomaly at T_N in LaMnO3	2007	We observe a distinct anomaly in dielectric permittivity (epsilon') as wellas relaxation time (tao_0) versus temperature (T) pattern at theantiferromagnetic transition point (T_N) in single crystal of LaMnO3. Theequivalent circuit analysis of the impedance spectra across T_N reveals clearanomaly in the capacitive component C_0 at T_N. Since no structural transitiontakes place across T_N, the anomaly in tao_0 and C_0 at T_N possibly signifiesmultiferroicity stemming from coupling between orbital and spin order inLaMnO3.
A recipe for making materials with negative refraction in acoustics	2007	A recipe is given for making materials with negative refraction in acoustics,i.e., materials in which the group velocity is directed opposite to the phasevelocity.  The recipe consists of injecting many small particles into a bounded domain,filled with a material whose refraction coefficient is known. The number ofsmall particles to be injected per unit volume around any point $x$ iscalculated as well as the boundary impedances of the embedded particles.
The Noise Susceptibility of a Photo-excited Coherent Conductor	2008	We report the theory of the \emph{dynamical response of current fluctuations}of a photo-excited conductor. We have performed the calculation for a coherentconductor described by arbitrary energy-dependent transmissions and forarbitrary frequencies. We consider two experimental setups that correspond todifferent ways of symmetrizing the current operators, leading to differentpredictions. Our results are in very good, quantitative agreement with a recentmeasurement. We demonstrate that the dynamical response of noise that we havecalculated is the key concept that relates Dynamical Coulomb Blockade, i.e. theelectron-electron correction to the conductance due to the presence of anexternal impedance, to quantum noise.
Universal condition for the existence of interface modes in the whole  momentum space with arbitrary materials	2008	It is shown that, by theoretical and experimental results, a universalzero-impedance condition exists for two kinds of localized interface modes inthe whole momentum space (both above and below the light line). It can beapplied at the interface between any two materials including photonic crystals,single-negative (negative-permittivity or negative-permeability) materials, ordouble-negative metamaterials. In addition, it presents an intuitive physicalconcept, and also provides a feasible way to determine interface modes, whichwill have predominance in various applications.
Current Fluctuations in the exclusion process and Bethe Ansatz	2008	We use the Bethe Ansatz to derive analytical expressions for the currentstatistics in the asymmetric exclusion process with both forward and backwardjumps. The Bethe equations are highly coupled and this fact has impeded theiruse to derive exact results for finite systems. We overcome this technicaldifficulty by a reformulation of the Bethe equations into a one variablepolynomial problem, akin to the functional Bethe Ansatz. The perturbativesolution of this equation leads to the cumulants of the current. We calculatehere the first two orders and derive exact formulae for the mean value of thecurrent and its fluctuations.
Stability of the A-like Phase of Superfluid 3He in Aerogel with Globally  Anisotropic Scattering	2008	It has been suggested that anisotropic quasiparticle scattering willstabilize anisotropic phases of superfluid $^3$He contained within highlyporous silica aerogel. For example, global anisotropy introduced via uniaxialcompression of aerogel might stabilize the axial state, which is called theA-phase in bulk superfluid 3He. Here we present measurements of the phasediagram of superfluid 3He in a 98% porous silica aerogel using transverseacoustic impedance methods. We show that uniaxial compression of the aerogel by17% does not stabilize an axial phase.
Repulsive and restoring Casimir forces with left-handed materials	2008	We investigate repulsive Casimir force between slabs containing left-handedmaterials with controllable electromagnetic properties. The sign of Casimirforce is determined by the electric and magnetic properties of the materials,and it is shown that the formation of the repulsive force is related to thewave impedances of two slabs. The sign change of the Casimir force as afunction of the distance is studied. Special emphasis is put on the restoringCasimir force which may be found to exist between perfectly conducting materialand metamaterial slabs. This restoring force is a natural power for the systemoscillation in vacuum and also can be used for system stabilization.
Interfacial contribution to the dielectric response in semiconducting  LaBiMn4/3Co2/3O6	2008	Impedance measurements have been performed on a sintered polycrystallinesample of the perovskite LaBiMn4/3Co2/3O6. Colossal dielectric permittivityoften is measured in this class of semiconducting materials as a result ofextrinsic factors. Our results show that a large offset in the capacitance,measured on a series of samples with different thickness, is due to theinterfacial polarization. This contribution then can be removed from the data,creating a general procedure for dielectric measurements in semiconductingsamples.
Transformation of polarons to bipolarons in disordered matter	2008	The polaron to bipolaron transition in disordered media under the influenceof a broadband ac electric field is suggested: ac conductivity vs. frequencymeasurements in disordered media with inhomogeneous disorder inducespatio-temporal fluctuations of the density of polarons yielding polaron tobipolaron transformation. The external field results in the transition,alternatively to an increasing doping level. The assertion is confirmed byperforming successive complex impedance measurements in disordered media. Asystematic increase of the real part of the ac conductivity in the frequencydomain, followed by mutual reduction of the magnetic inductivity of conductingpolypyrrole, are explained.
Wide-angle infrared absorber based on negative index plasmonic  metamaterial	2008	A metamaterials-based approach to making a wide-angle absorber of infraredradiation is described. The technique is based on an anisotropic PerfectlyImpedance Matched Negative Index Material (PIMNIM). It is shown analyticallythat a sub-wavelength in all three dimensions PIMNIM enables absorption ofclose to 100% for incidence angles up to $45\deg$ to the normal. A specificimplementation of such frequency-tunable PIMNIM based on plasmonicmetamaterials is presented. Applications to infrared imaging and coherentthermal sources are described.
Towards first-principles understanding of the metal-insulator transition  in fluid alkali metals	2008	By treating the electron-ion interaction as perturbation in thefirst-principles Hamiltonian, we have calculated the density response functionsof a fluid alkali metal to find an interesting charge instability due toanomalous electronic density fluctuations occurring at some finite wave vector${\bi Q}$ in a dilute fluid phase above the liquid-gas critical point. Since$|{\bi Q}|$ is smaller than the diameter of the Fermi surface, this instabilitynecessarily impedes the electric conduction, implying its close relevance tothe metal-insulator transition in fluid alkali metals.
Resonance-like Goss-Haenchen Shift induced by nano-metal films	2008	The influence of nano-metal films on the Goos-Haenchen shift (GHS) isinvestigated. The films deposited at the total reflecting surface of a perspexprism/air have a sheet resistance varying between Z = 25 and 3 000 Ohm. Aresonance-like enhancement of the shift and of the absorption is found for TEpolarized waves, when the sheet resistance approaches the value of the vacuumimpedance. For TM waves the influence of the metal films on the GHS iscomparatively weak. The experiments are carried out with microwaves. Keywords:Goos-Haenchen shift; nano-metallic films, microwaves PACS: 42.25.Bs, 42.25.Gy,42.50.-p, 73.40.Gk
Correcting stellar oscillation frequencies for near-surface effects	2008	In helioseismology, there is a well-known offset between observed andcomputed oscillation frequencies. This offset is known to arise from impropermodeling of the near-surface layers of the Sun, and a similar effect must occurfor models of other stars. Such an effect impedes progress in asteroseismology,which involves comparing observed oscillation frequencies with those calculatedfrom theoretical models. Here, we use data for the Sun to derive an empiricalcorrection for the near-surface offset, which we then apply three other stars(alpha Cen A, alpha Cen B and beta Hyi). The method appears to give goodresults, in particular providing an accurate estimate of the mean density ofeach star.
A globally accelerated numerical method for optical tomography with  continuous wave source	2008	A new numerical method for an inverse problem for an elliptic equation withunknown potential is proposed. In this problem the point source is runningalong a straight line and the source-dependent Dirichlet boundary condition ismeasured as the data for the inverse problem. A rigorous convergence analysisshows that this method converges globally, provided that the so-called tailfunction is approximated well. This approximation is verified in numericalexperiments, so as the global convergence. Applications to medical imaging,imaging of targets on battlefields and to electrical impedance tomography arediscussed.
Calibration of shielded microwave probes using bulk dielectrics	2008	A stripline-type near-field microwave probe is microfabricated for microwaveimpedance microscopy. Unlike the poorly shielded coplanar probe that senses thesample tens of microns away, the stripline structure removes the stray fieldsfrom the cantilever body and localizes the interaction only around thefocused-ion beam deposited Pt tip. The approaching curve of an oscillating tiptoward bulk dielectrics can be quantitatively simulated and fitted to thefinite-element analysis result. The peak signal of the approaching curve is ameasure of the sample dielectric constant and can be used to study unknown bulkmaterials.
Internal effective field sources for spin torque nano pillar oscillators	2008	In this paper we numerically conduct micromagnetic modelling with an expendedmicromagnetic model that includes the spin torque term and an impedance modelto investigate methods to replace external field sources with internal ones andto investigate its tuneability on nanopillar geometries. We present results forthree methods: interlayer coupling, large perpendicular anisotropy andmagnetostatic coupling. The internal field sources are evaluated as function offrequency shift with current, its dependency on temperature and are testedagainst analytical predictions.
An invisible medium for circularly polarized electromagnetic waves	2008	We study the no reflection condition for a planar boundary between vacuum andan isotropic chiral medium. In general chiral media, elliptically polarizedwaves incident at a particular angle satisfy the no reflection condition. Whenthe wave impedance and wavenumber of the chiral medium are equal to thecorresponding parameters of vacuum, one of the circularly polarized waves istransmitted to the medium without reflection or refraction for all angles ofincidence. We propose a circular polarizing beam splitter as a simpleapplication of the no reflection effect.
Etching-dependent reproducible memory switching in vertical SiO2  structures	2008	Vertical structures of SiO$_{2}$ sandwiched between a top tungsten electrodeand conducting non-metal substrate were fabricated by dry and wet etchingmethods. Both structures exhibit similar voltage-controlled memory behaviors,in which short voltage pulses (1 $\mu$s) can switch the devices between high-and low-impedance states. Through the comparison of current-voltagecharacteristics in structures made by different methods, filamentary conductionat the etched oxide edges is most consistent with the results, providinginsights into similar behaviors in metal/SiO/metal systems. High ON/OFF ratiosof over 10$^{4}$ were demonstrated.
The symbiosis of C*- and W*-algebras	2008	These days it is common for young operator algebraists to know a lot aboutC*-algebras, or a lot about von Neumann algebras -- but not both. Though anatural consequence of the breadth and depth of each subject, this isunfortunate as the interplay between the two theories has deep historical rootsand has led to many beautiful results. We review some of these connections, inthe context of amenability, with the hope of convincing (younger) readers thattribalism impedes progress.
Synthse sonore de la clarinette avec modle de rsonateur   trous latraux optimis sur des impdances d'entre d'une clarinette  relle	2009	Sound synthesis can be developed using physics-based modelling of the musicalinstruments. These methods need the description of the various parts of soundproduction mechanism, in particular a model of the acoustic resonator that haveto be simple enough due to the real-time constraint. However, in the case ofthe clarinet, the bore is quite not a cylindrical tube. An implementation of aresonator including a open-tone holes lattice is presented in this paper.
Charge order, dielectric response and local structure of La5/3Sr1/3NiO4  system	2009	Charge ordering, dielectric permittivity and local structure ofLa5/3Sr1/3NiO4 system have been explored X-ray charge scattering, complexdielectric impedance spectroscopy, and extended X-ray absorption fine structure(EXAFS) measurements, made on the same single crystal sample. The localstructure measured by the temperature dependent polarized Ni K-edge EXAFS showssignificant distortions in the NiO2 planes. These local distortions could bereasonable cause of high dielectric permittivity of the title system (e=100 at5K) with the charge ordering in this system being a ferroelectric-like secondorder transition.
Ultra-high-Q tunable whispering-gallery-mode microresonator	2009	"Typical microresonators exhibit a large frequency spacing between resonancesand a limited tunability. This impedes their use in a large class ofapplications which require a resonance of the microcavity to coincide with apredetermined frequency. Here, we experimentally overcome this limitation withhighly prolate-shaped whispering-gallery-mode ""bottle microresonators""fabricated from standard optical glass fibers. Our resonators combine anultra-high quality factor of 360 million, a small mode volume, and nearlossless fibre coupling, characteristic of whispering-gallery-mode resonators,with a simple and customizable mode structure enabling full tunability."
Electronic Refrigeration at the Quantum Limit	2009	We demonstrate quantum limited electronic refrigeration of a metallic islandin a low temperature micro-circuit. We show that matching the impedance of thecircuit enables refrigeration at a distance, of about 50 um in our case,through superconducting leads with a cooling power determined by the quantum ofthermal conductance. In a reference sample with a mismatched circuit thiseffect is absent. Our results are consistent with the concept ofelectromagnetic heat transport. We observe and analyze the crossover betweenelectromagnetic and quasiparticle heat flux in a superconductor.
Skin Effect Problem With The Displacement Current In Maxwell Plasma By  The Source Method	2009	We found the analytical solution to the problem of the skin effect forMaxwell plasma with the use of the kinetic equation, where the frequency ofelectron collisions is constant. We use the specular reflection of electronsfrom the surface as a boundary condition. The behavior of an impedance near toa plasma resonance is considered. We consider limiting cases of skin effect.
Depinning of a discrete elastic string from a two dimensional random  array of weak pinning points	2009	The present work is essentially concerned with the development of statisticaltheory for the low temperature dislocation glide in concentrated solidsolutions where atom-sized obstacles impede plastic flow. In connection withsuch a problem, we compute analytically the external force required to drag anelastic string along a discrete two-dimensional square lattice, where someobstacles have been randomly distributed. The corresponding numericalsimulations allow us to demonstrate a remarkable agreement between simulationsand theory for an obstacle density ranging from 1 to 50 % and for lattices withdifferent aspect ratios. The theory proves efficient on the condition that theobstacle-chain interaction remains sufficiently weak compared to the stringstiffness.
Global risk minimization in financial markets	2009	Recurring international financial crises have adverse socioeconomic effectsand demand novel regulatory instruments or strategies for risk management andmarket stabilization. However, the complex web of market interactions oftenimpedes rational decisions that would absolutely minimize the risk. Here weshow that, for any given expected return, investors can overcome thiscomplexity and globally minimize their financial risk in portfolio selectionmodels, which is mathematically equivalent to computing the ground state ofspin glass models in physics, provided the margin requirement remains below acritical, empirically measurable value. For markets with centrally regulatedmargin requirements, this result suggests a potentially stabilizingintervention strategy.
Superconducting Quantum Interference Device Amplifiers with over 27 GHz  of Gain-Bandwidth Product Operated in the 4 GHz--8 GHz Frequency Range	2009	We describe the performance of amplifiers in the 4 GHz--8 GHz range usingDirect Current Superconducting Quantum Interference Devices(DC SQUIDs) in alumped element configuration. We have used external impedance transformers tocouple power into and out of the DC SQUIDs. By choosing appropriate values forcoupling capacitors, resonator lengths and output component values, we havedemonstrated useful gains in several frequency ranges with differentbandwidths, showing over 27 GHz of power gain-bandwidth product. In this work,we describe our design for the 4 GHz--8 GHz range and present datademonstrating gain, bandwidth, dynamic range, and drift characteristics.
Skin Effect Problem with Diffusion Boundary Conditions in Maxwell Plasma	2009	The analytical method of solving the boundary problems for a system ofequations describing the behaviour of electrons and an electric field in theMaxwell plasma half-space is developed. Here the diffusion reflection ofelectrons from the surface as a boundary condition is supposed. The exactsolution for boundary value problem of the Vlasov-Maxwell equations through theeigenfunctions of the discrete spectrum and the continuous spectrum isobtained. The method of decomposition by eigenfunctions of discrete andcontinuous spectrum is used. The exact expression for the surface impedancealso is obtained.
Creating materials with a desired refraction coefficient	2009	A method is given for creating material with a desired refractioncoefficient. The method consists of embedding into a material with knownrefraction coefficient many small particles of size $a$. The number ofparticles per unit volume around any point is prescribed, the distance betweenneighboring particles is $O(a^{\frac{2-\kappa}{3}})$ as $a\to 0$, $0<\kappa<1$is a fixed parameter. The total number of the embedded particle is$O(a^{\kappa-2})$. The physical properties of the particles are described bythe boundary impedance $\zeta_m$ of the $m-th$ particle,$\zeta_m=O(a^{-\kappa})$ as $a\to 0$. The refraction coefficient is thecoefficient $n^2(x)$ in the wave equation $[\nabla^2+k^2n^2(x)]u=0$.
Universal and non-universal properties of wave chaotic scattering  systems	2009	The application of random matrix theory to scattering requires introductionof system-specific information. This paper shows that the average impedancematrix, which characterizes such system-specific properties, can besemiclassically calculated in terms of ray trajectories between ports.Theoretical predictions are compared with experimental results for a microwavebilliard, demonstrating that the theory successfully uncovered universalstatistics of wave-chaotic scattering systems.
Robust control of individual nuclear spins in diamond	2009	Isolated nuclear spins offer a promising building block for quantuminformation processing systems, but their weak interactions often impedepreparation, control, and detection. Hyperfine coupling to a proximalelectronic spin can enhance each of these processes. Using the electronic spinof the nitrogen-vacancy center as an intermediary, we demonstrate robustinitialization, single-qubit manipulation, and direct optical readout of 13C,15N, and 14N nuclear spins in diamond. These results pave the way for nitrogennuclear spin based quantum information architectures in diamond.
A large magnetoinductance effect in La0.67Ba0.33MnO3	2009	We report four probe impedance of La0.67Ba0.33MnO3 at f = 100 kHz underdifferent dc bias magnetic fields. The ac resistance (R) exhibits a peak aroundTp = 325 K which is accompanied by a rapid increase and a peak in the reactance(X) in a zero field. The magnetoreactance exhibits a sharp peak close to Tp andits magnitude (= 60% in H = 1 kG) exceeds that of the ac magnetoresistance (= 5% inH = 1 kG). It is suggested that the magnetoreactance arises from changes inthe self inductance of the sample rather than the capacitance.
Radiation reaction effects on ion acceleration in laser foil interaction	2009	Radiation reaction effects on ion acceleration in laser foil interaction areinvestigated via analytical modeling and multi-dimensional particle-in-cellsimulations. We find the radiation effects are important in the area where someelectrons move backwards due to static charge separation field at the laserintensity of 1022 W=cm2. Radiation reaction tends to impede these backwardsmotion. In the optical transparency region ion acceleration is enhanced whenthe radiation effects are considered.
Linear dielectric response of clustered living cells	2010	The dielectric behavior of a linear cluster of two or more living cellsconnected by tight junctions is analyzed using a spectral method. Thepolarizability of this system is obtained as an expansion over the eigenmodesof the linear response operator, showing a clear separation of geometry fromelectric parameters. The eigenmode with the second largest eigenvalue dominatesthe expansion as the junction between particles tightens, but only when theapplied field is aligned with the cluster axis. This effect explains a distinctlow-frequency relaxation observed in the impedance spectrum of a suspension oflinear clusters.
Electromechanical Probing of Ionic Currents in Energy Storage Materials	2010	The electrochemical processes in energy storage materials are generallylinked with changes of molar volume of the host compound. Here, the frequencydependent strain response of 1D electrochemically active systems to periodicelectric bias is analyzed. The sensitivity and resolution of theseelectrochemical strain measurements are compared to the current-basedelectrochemical impedance spectroscopy. The resolution and detection limits ofinterferometric and atomic force microscopy based systems for probingelectrochemical reactions on the nanoscale are analyzed.
Measuring degree-degree association in networks	2010	The Pearson correlation coefficient is commonly used for quantifying theglobal level of degree-degree association in complex networks. Here, we use aprobabilistic representation of the underlying network structure for assessingthe applicability of different association measures to heavy-tailed degreedistributions. Theoretical arguments together with our numerical study indicatethat Pearson's coefficient often depends on the size of networks with equalassociation structure, impeding a systematic comparison of real-world networks.In contrast, Kendall-Gibbons' $\tau_{b}$ is a considerably more robust measureof the degree-degree association.
Superconductor terahertz metamaterial	2010	We characterize the behaviour of split ring resonators made up ofhigh-transition temperature YBCO superconductor using terahertz time domainspectroscopy. The superconductor metamaterial shows sharp change in thetransmission spectrum at the fundamental inductive-capacitive resonance and thedipole resonance as the temperature dips below the transition temperature. Ourresults reveal that the high performance of such a metamaterial is limited bymaterial imperfections and defects such as cracks, voids and secondary phaseswhich play dominant role in partially impeding the flow of current causingdissipation of energy and electrical resistance to appear in the superconductorfilm.
Negative activation volume for dielectric relaxation in hydrated rocks	2010	Negative defect activation volumes are extremely rare in solids. Here, wereport for the first time that this holds in a couple of hydrated rocks fordielectric relaxation by exploring the complex impedance spectra at variouspressures and temperatures. The present findings mean that the relaxation timeof the relevant relaxation mechanisms decreases upon increasing pressure, thusit may become too short at higher pressure and hence lead to the emission oftransient electric signals before fracture. This may constitute thelong-standing laboratory confirmation for the explanation of the generation ofelectric signals prior to an earthquake, as recently pointed out by Uyeda et al[Tectonophysics 470 (2009) 205-213].
Plus-minus construction leads to perfect invisibility	2010	Recent theoretical advances applied to metamaterials have opened new avenuesto design a coating that hides objects from electromagnetic radiation and eventhe sight. Here, we propose a new design of cloaking devices that createsperfect invisibility in isotropic media. A combination of positive and negativerefractive indices, called plus-minus construction, is essential to achieveperfect invisibility (i.e., no time delay and total absence of reflection).Contrary to the common understanding that between two isotropic materialshaving different refractive indices the electromagnetic reflection isunavoidable, our method shows that surprisingly the reflection phenomena can becompletely eliminated. The invented method, different from the classicalimpedance matching, may also find electromagnetic applications outside ofcloaking devices, wherever distortions are present arising from reflections.
Microwave inductance of thin metal strips	2010	We have measured the frequency-dependent, complex impedance of thin metalstrips in a broad range of microwave frequencies (45~MHz to 20~GHz). Thespectra are in good agreement with theoretical predictions of an RCL model. Theresistance, inductance, and capacitance, which govern the microwave response,depend on the strip width and thickness as well as on the strip and substratematerials. While the strip resistance scales inversely with the cross section,the inductance depends on the width of the strip, but not on the thickness (inthe limit of small thickness).
The Past and the Future in the Present	2010	We show how the shared information between the past and future---the excessentropy---derives from the components of directional information stored in thepresent---the predictive and retrodictive causal states. A detailed proofallows us to highlight a number of the subtle problems in estimation andanalysis that impede accurate calculation of the excess entropy.
Permeabilities of metamaterials	2010	Scattering of electromagnetic (EM) waves by many small particles, embedded ina given medium, is studied. Physical properties of the particles are describedby their boundary impedances. The limiting equation is obtained for theeffective EM field in the limiting medium, in the limit $a\to 0$, where $a$ isthe characteristic size of a particle and the number $M(a)$ of the particlestends to infinity at a suitable rate. An analytical formula for thepermeability $\mu(x)$ of the limiting medium is given. Analysis of this formulaallows one to find out the range of the values of the permeability in thematerial, obtained by embedding many small particles.
An inverse problem of Calderon type with partial data	2010	A generalized variant of the Calder\'on problem from electrical impedancetomography with partial data for anisotropic Lipschitz conductivities isconsidered in an arbitrary space dimension $n \geq 2$. The following tworesults are shown: (i) The selfadjoint Dirichlet operator associated with anelliptic differential expression on a bounded Lipschitz domain is determineduniquely up to unitary equivalence by the knowledge of the Dirichlet-to-Neumannmap on an open subset of the boundary, and (ii) the Dirichlet operator can bereconstructed from the residuals of the Dirichlet-to-Neumann map on thissubset.
Total reflection and transmission by epsilon-near-zero metamaterials  with defects	2010	In this work, we investigate wave transmission through an epsilon-near-zerometamaterial waveguide embedded with defects. We show that by adjusting thegeometric sizes and material properties of the defects, total reflection andeven transmission can be obtained, despite the impedance mismatch ofepsilon-near-zero material with free space. Our work can greatly simplify thedesign of zero-index material waveguide applications by removing the dependenceon permeability.
Unity absorbance layers - optimal design criteria	2011	We present the necessary and sufficient conditions for the unity absorbanceof thin planar layers. With a simple structure comprising a double-layer grid,it is shown that zero transmission and reflection is feasible only if thesecond sheet is a perfectly conducting wall. The operational frequencies can bevaried by tuning the grid impedance. Explicit conditions are given at the largewavelength limit; these underline the fundamental of ultra-thin perfectantennae and absorbers.
Large upper critical field in non-centrosymmetric superconductor Y2C3	2011	We determine the upper critical field $\mu_0 H_{c2}(T_c)$ ofnon-centrosymmetric superconductor $Y_2 C_3$ using two distinct methods: thebulk magnetization M(T) and the tunnel-diode oscillator (TDO) based impedancemeasurements. It is found that the upper critical field reaches a value of 30Tat zero temperature which is above the weak-coupling Pauli paramagnetic limit.We argue that the observation of such a large $\mu_0 H_{c2}(0)$ in $Y_2 C_3$could be attributed to the admixture of spin-singlet and spin-triplet pairingstates as a result of broken inversion symmetry.
Effects of Interactions and Temperature in Disordered Ultra-Cold Bose  Gases	2011	We simulate ultra-cold interacting Bosons in quasi-one-dimensional,incommensurate optical lattices. In the tight-binding limit, these latticeshave pseudo-random on-site energies and thus can potentially lead to Andersonlocalization. We explore the parameter regimes that lead to Andersonlocalization and investigate the role of repulsive interactions, harmonicconfinement and finite temperature. We find that interactions can obscure theexponential localization characteristic of Anderson localization, thus impedingthe direct observation of this phenomenon when interactions are present.
The role of topology in electrical properties of bacteriorhodopsin and  rat olfactory receptor I7	2011	We report on electrical properties of the two sensing proteins:bacteriorhodopsin and rat olfactory receptor OR-I7. As relevant transportparameters we consider the small-signal impedance spectrum and the staticcurrent-voltage characteristics. Calculations are compared with availableexperimental results and the model predictability is tested for futureperspectives.
Slit-array transmission loss feasibility in airborne sound	2011	Recent experiments conducted in water at ultrasonic frequencies showed thepossibility of overcoming the transmission loss provided by homogeneous platesat certain frequencies by drilling periodically distributed holes on it. Inthis letter, the feasibility of using slit arrays to increase the transmissionloss at certain frequencies for airborne sound is studied. Numerical resultspredict a) very low transmission loss for a slit array in comparison with ahomogeneous plate in air and b) the transmission loss of a slit array canovercome that of a homogeneous plate if the impedance mismatch is low enough.
Tunneling states in graphene heterostructures consisting of two  different graphene superlattices	2011	We have theoretically investigated the properties of electronic transport ingraphene heterostructures, which are consisted of two different graphenesuperlattices with one-dimensional periodic potentials. It is found that suchheterostructures possess an unusual tunneling state occurring inside theoriginal forbidden gaps, and the electronic conductance is greatly enhanced andFano factor is strongly suppressed near the energy of the tunneling state.Finally we present the matching condition of the impedance of the pseudospinwave for occuring the tunneling state by using the Bloch-wave expansion method.
Tunable Superconducting Properties of a-NbSi Thin Films and Application  to Detection in Astrophysics	2011	"We report on the superconducting properties of amorphous NbxSi1-x thin films.The normal-state resistance and critical temperatures can be separatelyadjusted to suit the desired application. Notably, the relatively lowelectron-phonon coupling of these films makes them good candidates for an ""allelectron bolometer"" for Cosmological Microwave Background radiation detection.Moreover, this device can be made to suit both high and low impedance readouts."
Nonmagnetic invisibility cloak with minimized scattering cross section	2011	We propose one kind of transformation functions for nonmagnetic invisibilitycloak with minimized scattering on the basis of generalized transformation. Bymatching the impedance at the outer surface of the cloak, the transformationswith two parameters are determined. To confirm the performance of the cloak,full wave simulation based on the finite element method is carried out.Furthermore, total scattering cross section is computed to better illustratethe scattering characteristics of cloak with different parameters. In addition,based on the effective media theory, alternating layered system composed of twoisotropic materials is employed to realize the cloak practically.
On the Frchet derivative in elastic obstacle scattering	2011	"In this paper, we investigate the existence and characterizations of theFr\'echet derivatives of the solution to time-harmonic elastic scatteringproblems with respect to the boundary of the obstacle. Our analysis is based ona technique - the factorization of the difference of the far-field pattern fortwo different scatterers - introduced by Kress and Pa\""ivarinta to establishFr\'echet differentiability in acoustic scattering. For the Dirichlet boundarycondition an alternative proof of a differentiability result due toCharalambopoulos is provided and new results are proven for the Neumann andimpedance exterior boundary value problems."
Relativistic quantum theory of high harmonic generation on atoms/ions by  strong laser fields	2011	High-order harmonic generation (HHG) by hydrogenlike atoms/ions in theuniform periodic electric field, formed by the two linearly polarizedcounterpropagating laser beams of relativistic intensities, is studied. Therelativistic quantum theory of HHG in such fields, at which the impeding factorof relativistic magnetic drift of a strong wave can be eliminated, is presentedarising from the Dirac equation. Specifically, a scheme of HHG in underdenseplasma with the copropagating ultraintense laser and fast ion beams isproposed.
Giant Quantum Freezing of Tunnel Junctions mediated by Environments	2011	We investigate the quantum heat exchange between a nanojunction and amany-body or electromagnetic environment far from equilibrium. It is shown thatthe two-temperature energy emission-absorption mechanism gives rise to a giantheat flow between the junction and the environment. We obtain analyticalresults for the heat flow in an idealized high impedance environment andperform numerical calculations for the general case of interacting electronsand discuss the giant freezing and heating effects in the junction undertypical experimental conditions.
Quantum mechanic tunneling and efficiency of Faraday current-generating  process in porous nanostructures	2011	Thermodynamics and kinetics of lithium intercalation into C--SiO$_2$nanocomposites are investigated. Dependencies of both differential capacity andintercalation kinetics on the nanocomposite size are established. The processesare analyzed in terms of the impedance model. The obtained results areexplained based on the quantum effect of interference blockade of electrontunneling into a nonmetallic nanoparticle. Propositions for the newelectrochemical energy storage technology are presented.
UWB Array Design Using Variable Zo Technology and Central Force  Optimization	2011	This note applies Variable Zo technology to the design of an Ultra Wideband(UWB) Yagi-Uda array optimized using Central Force Optimization. Variable Zo isa novel and proprietary approach to antenna design and optimization that treatsthe feed system characteristic impedance, Zo, as a design variable instead of afixed design parameter as is traditionally done. Variable Zo is applicable toany antenna design or optimization methodology, and using it will generallyproduce better antenna designs across any user-specified set of performanceobjectives.
Past Achievements and Future Challenges in 3D Photonic Metamaterials	2011	Photonic metamaterials are man-made structures composed of tailored micro- ornanostructured metallo-dielectric sub-wavelength building blocks that aredensely packed into an effective material. This deceptively simple, yetpowerful, truly revolutionary concept allows for achieving novel, unusual, andsometimes even unheard-of optical properties, such as magnetism at opticalfrequencies, negative refractive indices, large positive refractive indices,zero reflection via impedance matching, perfect absorption, giant circulardichroism, or enhanced nonlinear optical properties. Possible applications ofmetamaterials comprise ultrahigh-resolution imaging systems, compactpolarization optics, and cloaking devices. This review describes theexperimental progress recently made fabricating three-dimensional metamaterialstructures and discusses some remaining future challenges.
Dielectric properties of Granodiorite partially saturated with water and  its correlation to the detection of seismic electric signals	2011	Transient electric signals emitted prior to earthquake occurrence arerecorded at certain sites in the Earth's crust termed sensitive. These fieldobservations enforce the laboratory investigation of the dielectric response ofrocks forming these localities. The dielectric relaxation of granodiorite rockcoming from such a sensitive locality (Keratea, Greece) reveals, throughcomplex impedance spectroscopy, that the activation volume for relaxation ofthis rock is negative which so far has been reported only rarely. This result,however, supports a theoretical model on the pre-seismic electric signals andis likely to be correlated with the sensitivity of the site and hence with theselectivity.
Impedance of the free surface of liquid electrolytes	2011	A possibility for the observation of so-called structure resonances (SR) inelectrolytes arising due to relative motion of the cluster charged nucleus andits solvation shell is demonstrated. The discussed method considers theresonant contribution of the SR to the frequency dependence of the reflection(transmission) coefficient of the electromagnetic wave interacting with thefree electrolyte surface. Of special interest is the observation of SR formultiply charged particles in electrolyte providing direct information on thecharge of single cluster. Also important are other not so prominent details ofthe wave interaction with mobile charged clusters in electrolyte related to theformation and complicated nature of the frequency dependence of the chargedcluster associated mass.
Beam cavity interaction	2011	We begin by giving a description of the rf generator-cavity-beam coupledsystem in terms of basic quantities. Taking beam loading and cavity detuninginto account, expressions for the cavity impedance as seen by the generator andas seen by the beam are derived. Subsequently methods of beam-loadingcompensation by cavity detuning, rf feedback, and feed-forward are described.Examples of digital rf phase and amplitude control for the special case ofsuperconducting cavities are also given. Finally, a dedicated phase loop fordamping synchrotron oscillations is discussed.
Interference theory of metamaterial perfect absorbers	2011	The impedance matching in metamaterial perfect absorbers has been believed toinvolve and rely on magnetic resonant response, with a direct evidence from theanti-parallel directions of surface currents in the metal structures. Here wepresent a different theoretical interpretation based on interferences, whichshows that the two layers of metal structure in metamaterial absorbers arelinked only by multiple reflections with negligible near-field interactions ormagnetic resonances. This is further supported by the out-of-phase surfacecurrents derived at the interfaces of resonator array and ground plane throughmultiple reflections and superpositions. The theory developed here explains allfeatures observed in narrowband metamaterial absorbers and therefore provides aprofound understanding of the underlying physics.
Transverse modes and instabilities of a bunched beam with space charge  and resistive wall impedance	2012	Transverse instability of a bunched beam is investigated with synchrotronoscillations, space charge, and resistive wall wakefield taken into account.Boxcar model is used for all-round analysis, and Gaussian distribution isinvoked for details. The beam spectrum, instability growth rate and effects ofchromaticity are studied in a wide range of parameters, both with head-tail andcollective bunch interactions included. Effects of the internal bunchoscillations on the of collective instabilities is investigated thoroughly.Landau damping caused by the space charge tune spread is discussed, and theinstability thresholds of different modes of Gaussian bunch are estimated.
Single-logarithmic stability for the Caldern problem with local data	2012	"We prove an optimal stability estimate for Electrical Impedance Tomographywith local data, in the case when the conductivity is precisely known on aneighborhood of the boundary. The main novelty here is that we provide a rathergeneral method which enables to obtain the H\""older dependence of a globalDirichlet to Neumann map from a local one on a larger domain when, in the layerbetween the two boundaries, the coefficient is known."
Progress in compensating pulse sequences for quantum computation	2012	The control of qubit states is often impeded by systematic control errors.Compensating pulse sequences have emerged as a resource efficient method forquantum error reduction. In this review, we discuss compensating compositepulse methods, and introduce a unifying control-theoretic framework using adynamic interaction picture. This admits a novel geometric picture wheresequences are interpreted as vector paths on the dynamical Lie algebra.Sequences for single-qubit and multi-qubit operations are described with thismethod.
Zero-bias anomalies on Sr$_{0.88}$La$_{0.12}$CuO$_2$ thin films	2012	High-impedance contacts made on the surface of Sr$_{0.88}$La$_{0.12}$CuO$_2$superconducting thin films systematically display a zero-bias anomaly. Weconsider two-level systems (TLS) as the origin of this anomaly. We observe thatthe contribution of some TLS to the contact resistance is weakened by amagnetic field. We show that this could result from the increase of the TLSrelaxation rate in the superconducting state, due to its ability to createpairs of quasiparticles out of the condensate, when located close to thesurface of the film.
Transport characteristics of nanojunctions far-from-equilibrium	2012	We study the tunneling transport through a nanojunction in thefar-from-equilibrium regime at relatively low temperatures. We show that thecurrent-voltage characteristics is significantly modified as compared to theusual quasi-equilibrium result by lifting the suppression due to the Coulombblockade. These effects are important in realistic nanojunctions. We study thehigh-impedance case in detail to explain the underlying physics and construct amore realistic theoretical model for the case of a metallic junction takinginto account dynamic Coulomb interaction. This dynamic screening furtherreduces the effect of the Coulomb blockade.
Evolutionary Problems Involving Sturm-Liouville Operators	2012	The purpose of this paper is to further exemplify an approach to evolutionaryproblems originally developed in earlier works for a special case and laterextended to more general evolutionary problems. We are here concerned with the$(1+1)$ -dimensional evolutionary case, which in a particular case results in ahyperbolic partial differential equation with a Sturm-Liouville type spatialoperator constrained by an impedance type boundary condition.
Role of microscopic phase separation in gelation of aqueous gelatin  solutions	2012	Using a unique home-made cell for four-contact impedance spectroscopy ofconductive liquid samples, we establish the existence of two low frequencyconductivity relaxations in aqueous solutions of gelatin, in both liquid andgel state. A comparison with diffusion measurements using pulsed field gradientNMR shows that the faster relaxation process is due to gelatin macromoleculeself-diffusion. This single molecule diffusion is mostly insensitive to themacroscopic state of the sample, implying that the gelation of gelatin is not apercolative phenomenon, but is caused by aggregation of triple helices into asystem-spanning fibre network.
Van Kampen modes for bunch longitudinal motion	2012	Conditions for existence, uniqueness and stability of bunch steady states areconsidered. For the existence uniqueness problem, simple algebraic equationsare derived, showing the result both for the action and Hamiltonian domaindistributions. For the stability problem, van Kampen theory is used. Emergingof discrete van Kampen modes show either loss of Landau damping, orinstability. This method can be applied for an arbitrary impedance, RF shapeand beam distribution function Available areas on intensity-emittance plane areshown for resistive wall wake and single harmonic, bunch shortening and bunchlengthening RF configurations.
Cracks with impedance, stable determination from boundary data	2012	We discuss the inverse problem of determining the possible presence of an(n-1)-dimensional crack \Sigma in an n-dimensional body \Omega with n > 2 whenthe so-called Dirichlet-to-Neumann map is given on the boundary of \Omega. Incombination with quantitative unique continuation techniques, an optimalsingle-logarithm stability estimate is proven by using the singular solutionsmethod. Our arguments also apply when the Neumann-to-Dirichlet map or the localversions of the D-N and the N-D map are available.
Dancing bunches as Van Kampen modes	2012	Van Kampen modes are eigen-modes of Jeans-Vlasov equation. Their spectrumconsists of continuous and, possibly, discrete parts. Onset of a discrete vanKampen mode means emergence of a coherent mode without any Landau damping;thus, even a tiny couple-bunch wake is sufficient to drive instability.Longitudinal instabilities observed at Tevatron, RHIC and SPS can be explainedas loss of Landau damping (LLD), which is shown here to happen at fairly lowimpedances. For repulsive wakes and single-harmonic RF, LLD is found to beextremely sensitive to steepness of the bunch distribution function at smallamplitudes. Based on that, a method of beam stabilization is suggested.
Absolute calibration of a wideband antenna and spectrometer for sky  noise spectral index measurements	2012	A new method of absolute calibration of sky noise temperature using athree-position switched spectrometer, measurements of antenna and low noiseamplifier impedance with a vector network analyzer, and ancillary measurementsof the amplifier noise waves is described. The details of the method and itsapplication to accurate wideband measurements of the spectral index of the skynoise are described and compared with other methods.
A possible mechanism for the negative capacitance observed in organic  devices	2012	The mechanism of negative capacitance, e.g. inductance, induced by asufficient electrical field in the organic device is investigated. The cationsin organic bulk are proposed to be driven by the applied voltage and toaccumulate at the interface, and further to generate the surface states ormedia states. These states result in a larger junction current through thedevice, indicating the negative capacitances which are simulated in threesituations: impedance spectrum, capacitance measurement and current response.This simple kinetic model may be helpful to understand why the negativecapacitance phenomenon is observed in various organic devices.
Extraordinary Sound Transmission through Density-Near-Zero Ultranarrow  Channels	2012	We introduce the acoustic equivalent of 'supercoupling' by studying theanomalous sound transmission and uniform energy squeezing through ultranarrowacoustic channels filled with zero-density metamaterials. We propose theirrealization by inserting transverse membranes with a subwavelength period alongthe channel, and we prove a novel form of acoustic tunneling based on impedancematching and infinite phase velocity at the zero-density operation. We envisionapplications in sensing, noise control, cloaking and energy harvesting.
Electronic transport through a correlated quantum wire connected to a  superconducting lead	2013	We study theoretically the electron transport in a 1D conductor adiabaticallyconnected to a superconducting and normal metal leads. In the case ofnon-interacting we show that ac voltage applied along with dc voltage modifiesI-V curve resembling a regime of photon-assisted tunneling. We obtain in thelimit of low voltages, that the electron-electron interaction affectselectronic transport resulting in a decrease of conductance and features in thefrequency dependence of the impedance.
Beam loading	2013	We begin by giving a description of the radio-frequency generator-cavity-beamcoupled system in terms of basic quantities. Taking beam loading and cavitydetuning into account, expressions for the cavity impedance as seen by thegenerator and as seen by the beam are derived. Subsequently methods ofbeam-loading compensation by cavity detuning, radio-frequency feedback andfeedforward are described. Examples of digital radio-frequency phase andamplitude control for the special case of superconducting cavities are alsogiven. Finally, a dedicated phase loop for damping synchrotron oscillations isdiscussed.
Topological constraints in magnetic field relaxation	2013	Stability and reconnection of magnetic fields play a fundamental role innatural and man-made plasma. In these applications the field's topologydetermines the stability of the magnetic field. Here I will describe theimportance of one topology quantifier, the magnetic helicity, which impedes anyfree decay of the magnetic energy. Further constraints come from the fixedpoint index which hinders the field to relax into the Taylor state.
One-step iterative reconstruction of conductivity inclusion via the  concept of topological derivative	2013	We consider an inverse problem of location identification of smallconductivity inhomogeneity inside a conductor via boundary measurements whichoccurs in the EIT (Electrical Impedance Tomography). For this purpose, wederive topological derivative by applying the asymptotic formula for steadystate voltage potentials in the existence of conductivity inclusion of smalldiameter. Using this derivative, we design only one-step iterative locationsearch algorithm of small conductivity inhomogeneity completely embedded in thehomogeneous domain by solving an adjoint problem. Numerical experimentspresented for showing the feasibility of proposed algorithm.
Multiple ordering transitions in a chiral liquid	2013	We present here a numerical study of a lattice model of a chiral liquid. Thelow symmetry of the favoured local structure depresses the freezing point toreveal an exotic liquid-liquid transition characterised by the appearance of anextended chirality,prior to freezing. What mechanisms impede crystallisation inliquids with low molecular symmetry ? The ordered liquid can be readilysupercooled to zero temperature, as the combination of critical slowing downand competing crystal polymorphs results in a dramatically slow crystallisationprocess.
Strong excitation of emitters in an impedance matched cavity: the area  theorem, -pulse and self-induced transparency	2013	I theoretically study the behavior of strong pulses exciting emitters insidea cavity. The ensemble is supposed to be inhomogeneously broadened and thecavity matched finding application in quantum storage of optical or RF photons.My analysis is based on energy and pulse area conservation rules predictingimportant distortions for specific areas. It is well supported by numericalsimulations. I propose a qualitative interpretation in terms of slow-light. Theanalogy with the free space situation is remarkable.
The problem of detecting corrosion by an electric measurement revisited	2013	We establish a logarithmic stability estimate for the problem of detectingcorrosion by a single electric measurement. We give a proof based on anadaptation of the method initiated in \cite{BCJ} for solving the inverseproblem of recovering the surface impedance of an obstacle from the scatteringamplitude. The key idea consists in estimating accurately a lower bound of the$L^2$-norm, locally at the boundary, of the solution of the boundary valueproblem used in modeling the problem of detection corrosion by an electricmeasurement
TRIAD: a triple patterning lithography aware detailed router	2014	TPL-friendly detailed routers require a systematic approach to detect TPLconflicts. However, the complexity of conflict graph (CG) impedes directlydetecting TPL conflicts in CG. This work proposes a token graph-embeddedconflict graph (TECG) to facilitate the TPL conflict detection whilemaintaining high coloring-flexibility. We then develop a TPL aware detailedrouter (TRIAD) by applying TECG to a gridless router with the TPL stitchgeneration. Compared to a greedy coloring approach, experimental resultsindicate that TRIAD generates no conflicts and few stitches with shorterwirelength at the cost of 2.41x of runtime.
Light Localization induced by Random Imaginary Permittivities	2014	We show the emergence of light localization in arrays of coupled opticalwaveguides with randomness only in the imaginary part of their permittivity anddevelop a one-parameter scaling theory for the normalized participation numberof the Floquet-Bloch modes. This localization introduces a new length scale inthe decay of the autocorrelation function of a paraxial beam propagation. Ourresults are relevant to a vast family of systems with randomness in thedissipative part of their impedance spatial profile.
Ultra-broadband Terahertz Perfect Absorber Based on Multi-frequency  Destructive Interference and Grating Diffraction	2014	High absorption in a wide frequency band has attracted considerable interestsince their potential applications in frequency spectrum imaging systems andanti-radar cloaking. In this paper, a polarization-independent, ultra-broadbandand omnidirectional terahertz absorber is proposed, fabricated and evaluated.It is experimentally demonstrated that an over 95% absorption can be obtainedin the frequency range of 0.75~2.41 THz. Attributing to the multi-frequencydestructive interference between the layers and the impedance-matchingcondition of the grating, five successive absorption peaks at 0.88 THz, 1.20THz, 1.53 THz, 1.96 THz and 2.23 THz merged into a ultra-broadband absorptionspectrum.
"Erratum to ""Solutions problem 89-2: On the principal value of a  quadruple integral"", SIAM Rev. 32 (1990) 143"	2014	W. B. Jordan's conclusion that the quadruple principal value integral inproblem 89-2 vanishes does not hold. The error sneaks in through a contributionof a subintegral which impedes some sign symmetry with respect to the masterparameter (the Fermi radius) and which was overlooked in the publishedsolution. In summary, the original problem of solving the quadruple integralremains unsolved.
Using pipe with corrugated walls for a sub-terahertz FEL	2014	It has been noted in the past, in the study of the wall-roughness impedance,that a metallic pipe with corrugated walls supports propagation of ahigh-frequency mode that is in resonance with a relativistic beam. This modecan be excited by a beam whose length is a fraction of the wavelength. In thispaper, we study another option of excitation of the resonant mode in a metallicpipe with corrugated walls---via the mechanism of the free electron laserinstability. This mechanism works if the bunch length is much longer than thewavelength of the radiation.
A wide-band tunable phase shifter for radio-frequency reflectometry	2014	Radio-frequency reflectometry of nanodevices requires careful separation ofsignal quadratures to distinguish dissipative and dispersive contributions tothe device impedance. A tunable phase shifter for this purpose is described andcharacterized. The phase shifter, consisting of a varactor-loaded transmissionline, has the necessary tuning range combined with acceptable insertion lossacross a frequency band 100 MHz - 1 GHz spanning most radio-frequencyexperiments. Its operation is demonstrated by demodulating separately thesignals due to resistance and capacitance changes in a model device.
Nonreciprocal transmission of microwaves through a long Josephson  junction	2014	Nonreciprocal microwave transmission through a long Josephson junction in theflux-flow regime is studied analytically and numerically within the frameworkof the perturbed sine-Gordon model. We demonstrate that the maximum attenuationof the transmitted power occurs when the direction of the flux flow is oppositeto the direction of the microwave propagation. This attenuation isnonreciprocal with respect to the flux-flow direction and can be enhanced byincreasing the system length and proper impedance matching of the junction endsto external transmission line.
Thermal Transport in Phononic Cayley Tree Networks	2014	We analytically investigate the heat current $I$ and its thermal fluctuations$\Delta$ in a branching network without loops (Cayley tree). The networkconsists of two type of harmonic masses: vertex masses $M$ placed at thebranching points where phononic scattering occurs and masses $m$ at the bondsbetween branching points where phonon propagation take place. The network iscoupled to thermal reservoirs consisting of one-dimensional harmonic chains ofcoupled masses $m$. Due to impedance missmatching phenomena, both ${\cal I}$and $\Delta$, are non-monotonic functions of the mass ratio $\mu=M/m$. Inparticular, there are cases where they are strictly zero below some criticalvalue $\mu^*$.
Form Factor $g$ In Longitudinal Space Charge Impedance	2015	In carrying out calculations of the effect of longitudinal space charge onlongitudinal motion, the transverse beam size appears in a form factor which isusually written as $g=1+2\ln (b/a)$. In fact, this expression applies toparticles with vanishing betatron amplitude in a beam with uniform transversedistribution. It is argued that an average over the transverse distributionshould be used instead of the value on axis. It is shown that for the realistic`binomial' family of distributions the 1 in the above expression for $g$ shouldbe replaced by a value near 0.5 if $a$ is interpreted as twice the rms width ofthe beam.
Status and Challenges for FCC-ee	2015	We report the design status and beam dynamics challenges for theelectron-positron branch of the Future Circular Collider (FCC) study, as ofAugust 2015. After recalling motivation and physics requirements for theFCC-ee, we briefly discuss configurations and parameters, collider layout, thesuperconducting RF system, possible staging scenarios, final-focus optics,interaction-region (IR) issues, machine detector interface and IR synchrotronradiation, dynamic aperture, beam-beam effects, top-up injection,mono-chromatization option, impedances, instabilities, energy calibration andpolarization, and SuperKEKB as a key demonstrator, before presentingconclusions and outlook.
Robust Bloch character at the band edges of hybrid halide perovskites	2015	The high-symmetry pseudocubic init cell is often used for modelling theelectronic structure of halide perovskites. However, direct comparison of theband structure with more realistic low-symmetry phases is impeded by the zonefolding. We utilize a spectral density technique in order to reduce thesupercell band structure to a common Bloch basis. This allows us to compare theelectronic structure of high- and low-symmetry phases as well as investigateeffects of structural and compositional disorder on states near to the bandedges that govern transport, dissociation and recombination of opticalexcitations.
Fast model selection by limiting SVM training times	2016	Kernelized Support Vector Machines (SVMs) are among the best performingsupervised learning methods. But for optimal predictive performance,time-consuming parameter tuning is crucial, which impedes application. Totackle this problem, the classic model selection procedure based on grid-searchand cross-validation was refined, e.g. by data subsampling and direct searchheuristics. Here we focus on a different aspect, the stopping criterion for SVMtraining. We show that by limiting the training time given to the SVM solverduring parameter tuning we can reduce model selection times by an order ofmagnitude.
The quantum phase slip phenomenon in superconducting nanowires with  high-impedance environment	2016	Quantum phase slip (QPS) is the particular manifestation of quantumfluctuations of the order parameter of a current-biased quasi-1Dsuperconductor. The QPS event(s) can be considered a dynamic equivalent oftunneling through conventional Josephson junction containing static in spaceand time weak link(s). At low temperatures T<<Tc the QPS effect leads to finiteresistivity of narrow superconducting channels and suppresses persistentcurrents in tiny nanorings. Here we demonstrate that the quantum tunneling ofphase may result in Coulomb blockade: superconducting nanowire, imbedded inhigh-Ohmic environment, below a certain bias voltage behaves as an insulator.
Ramsey Interferometry of Particle-Hole Pairs in Tunnel Junctions	2016	We present a method to probe real-time dynamics in quantum mesoscopic systemsusing Ramsey interferometry. This allows us to explore the effect ofinteractions on quasi-particles in the time domain. We investigate thedephasing effects of an ohmic environment on an electron-hole pair in a tunneljunction. We show that dynamical Coulomb blockade phenomena can be observed forresistances much smaller than the quantum of resistance. Moreover, thecrossover between high and low impedance limits can be probed for a constantresistance by a proper control of the voltage modulation.
Interchange instability and transport in matter-antimatter plasmas	2016	Symmetric electron-positron plasmas in inhomogeneous magnetic fields areintrinsically subject to interchange instability and transport. Scalingrelations for the propagation velocity of density blob perturbations relevantto transport in isothermal magnetically confined electron-positron plasmas arededuced, including damping effects when Debye lengths are large compared toLarmor radii. The relations are verified by nonlinear full-F gyrofluidcomputations. Results are in favour of sufficient magnetic confinement forplanned electron-positron plasma experiments. The model is generalised to othermatter-antimatter plasmas. Magnetised electron-positron-proton-antiprotonplasmas are susceptible to interchange driven local matter-antimatterseparation, which can be expected to impede (so far unrealised) sustainedlaboratory magnetic confinement.
On algebras of three-dimensional quaternionic harmonic fields	2016	A quaternionic field is a pair $p=\{\alpha,u\}$ of function $\alpha$ andvector field $u$ given on a 3d Riemannian maifold $\Omega$ with the boundary.The field is said to be harmonic if $\nabla \alpha={\rm rot\,}u$\, in $\Omega$.The linear space of harmonic fields is not an algebra w.r.t. quaternionmultiplication. However, it may contain the commutative algebras, what is thesubject of the paper. Possible application of these algebras to the impedancetomography problem is touched on.
Analytical determination of the two-body gravitational interaction  potential at the 4th post-Newtonian approximation	2013	"We complete the analytical determination, at the 4th post-Newtonianapproximation, of the main radial potential describing the gravitationalinteraction of two bodies within the effective one-body formalism. The (nonlogarithmic) coefficient a_5 (nu) measuring this 4th post-Newtonian interactionpotential is found to be linear in the symmetric mass ratio nu. Itsnu-independent part a_5 (0) is obtained by an analytical gravitationalself-force calculation that unambiguously resolves the formal infrareddivergencies which currently impede its direct post-Newtonian calculation. Itsnu-linear part a_5 (nu) - a_5 (0) is deduced from recent results of Jaranowskiand Sch\""afer, and is found to be significantly negative."
Three Dimensional Subwavelength focus by a near-field plate lens	2013	We implemented the inverse design method to build a thin near-field lens thatcould produce a desired subwavelength focus by manipulating the near fields ofa magnetic dipole source. The flat near-field lens represented by an artificialimpedance surface was fabricated by lumped reactive elements (capacitor andinductor) with spatially varying values. In the experiment a desired annularfocusing spot with a characteristic size nearly three times smaller than thatallowed by the diffraction limit was obtained. Besides high-resolution imaging,the proposed near-field plate could be extended for other interestingapplications, such as wireless power transfer or complex wavefront/beam shaper.
Delay of light in an optical bottle resonator with nanoscale radius  variation: dispersionless, broadband, and low-loss	2013	It is shown theoretically that an optical bottle resonator with a nanoscaleradius variation can perform a multi-nanosecond long dispersionless delay oflight in a nanometer-order bandwidth with minimal losses. Experimentally, a 3mm long resonator with a 2.8 nm deep semi-parabolic radius variation isfabricated from a 19 micron radius silica fiber with a sub-angstrom precision.In excellent agreement with theory, the resonator exhibits theimpedance-matched 2.58 ns (3 bytes) delay of 100 ps pulses with 0.44 dB/nsintrinsic loss. This is a miniature slow light delay line with the record largedelay time, record small transmission loss, dispersion, and effective speed oflight.
The Kramers-Kronig relations for usual and anomalous  Poisson-Nernst-Planck models	2013	The consistency of the frequency response predicted by a class ofelectrochemical impedance expressions is analytically checked by invoking theKramers-Kronig (KK) relations. These expressions are obtained in the context ofPoisson-Nernst-Planck usual (PNP) or anomalous (PNPA) diffusional models thatsatisfy Poisson's equation in a finite-length situation. The theoreticalresults, besides being successful in interpreting experimental data, are alsoshown to obey the KK relations when these relations are modified accordingly
On the asymptotics of a Robin eigenvalue problem	2013	The considered Robin problem can formally be seen as a small perturbation ofa Dirichlet problem. However, due to the sign of the impedance value, itsassociated eigenvalues converge point-wise to $-\infty$ as the perturbationgoes to zero. We prove that in this case, Dirichlet eigenpairs are the onlyaccumulation points of the Robin eigenpairs with normalized eigenvectors. Wethen provide a criteria to select accumulating sequences of eigenvalues andeigenvectors and exhibit their full asymptotic with respect to the smallparameter.
Bounds on the size of an inclusion using the translation method for  two-dimensional complex conductivity	2013	The size estimation problem in electrical impedance tomography is consideredwhen the conductivity is a complex number and the body is two-dimensional.Upper and lower bounds on the volume fraction of the unknown inclusion embeddedin the body are derived in terms of two pairs of voltage and current datameasured on the boundary of the body. These bounds are derived using thetranslation method. We also provide numerical examples to show that thesebounds are quite tight and stable under measurement noise.
Hole Concentration Effect on the Microwave Nonlinearity of  Tl2Ba2CaCu2O8-d Superconducting Thin Films	2013	The carrier concentration of Tl2Ba2CaCu2O8 films was modified by annealing inN2 gas. X-ray analysis of the structure and the oxygen content revealed acorrespondence between carrier concentration and oxygen depletion. The TC andnonlinear surface impedance was measured using a dielectric resonator and thenonlinearity slope parameter r=dXS/dRS was found to converge to unity at thecritical temperature, indicating a dominance of Josephson fluxon hysteresis onthe nonlinearity. Highly inductive nonlinearity was observed in a small rangeof doping levels between 0.180<p<0.195 holes/Cu, which does not include theoptimal doping level of 0.16 holes/Cu.
The effect of the electron-beam parameter spread on microwave generation  in a three-cavity axial vircator	2014	The behavior of the generation efficiency and radiation spectrum of athree-cavity axial vircator versus the radius of the injected electron beam,its impedance and energy homogeneity is studied. This paper establishes thatfor each geometry of a three-cavity resonator, there exist the optimal(maximizing the generation efficiency) values of these parameters anddetermines the range within which they may vary without losing the efficiencyof generation.
Highly efficient isolation of waterborne sound by an air-sealed  metasurface	2016	Underwater sound isolation has been a long-standing fundamental issue inindustry and military fields. Starting from a simple theoretical model, here anair-sealed metasurface is proposed to overcome this problem. Comparing with thesample without filling air, the effective impedance of the air-sealed one isgreatly reduced and strikingly mismatch with water, accompanying another meritof low sound speed. Deeply suppressed sound transmission (~10-5) through such ametasurface is observed experimentally over a wide range of ultrasonicfrequencies and incident angles.
Edge effects in the two-dimensional spin-1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnet	2008	We use quantum Monte Carlo simulations to study effects of free edges in thetwo-dimensional spin-1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnet. We find that the magneticresponse of an edge is smaller than the bulk susceptibility. Thiscounter-intuitive quantum effect can be traced to enhanced antiferromagneticnearest-neighbor spin correlations, i.e., tendency to local singlet formation,at and close to the edge. These correlations form a comb-like pattern, whichcan be reproduced with a simple variational valence-bond state. We also studyrough edges, and find that these instead significantly enhance thesusceptibility, due to local sublattice imbalance impeding singlet formation.
Modeling of quasiparticle-induced excitations of a Josephson  charge-phase qubit	2008	We have analyzed quasiparticle transitions in an Al charge-phase qubitinducing a dynamic change of the qubit states. The time-averaged mixed state isrelated to the strong coupling of the qubit to an ensemble of non-equilibriumquasiparticles in the leads. Such quasiparticles tunnel stochastically on andoff the island and can excite the qubit. Continuous monitoring of the qubitimpedance at a frequency of 80 MHz shows the admixture of the excited state. Wepresent a numerical description of these cyclic transitions and compare it withour experimental data.
Achieving the threshold regime with an over-screened Josephson junction	2008	We demonstrate that by utilizing an over-screened Josephson junction as anoise detector it is possible to achieve the threshold regime, whereby thetails of the fluctuating current distribution are measured. This situation isrealized by placing the Josephson junction and mesoscopic conductor in anexternal circuit with very low impedance. In the underdamped limit,over-screening the junction inhibits the energy diffusion in the junction,effectively creating a tunable activation barrier to the dissipative state. Asa result, the activation rate is qualitatively different from the Arrheniusform.
Spectral properties of the Dirichlet-to-Neumann operator for exterior  Helmholtz problem and its applications to scattering theory	2008	We prove that the Dirichlet-to-Neumann operator (DtN) has no spectrum in thelower half of the complex plane. We find several application of this fact inscattering by obstacles with impedance boundary conditions. In particular, wefind an upper bound for the gradient of the scattering amplitude and for thetotal cross section. We justify numerical approximations by providing bounds ondifference between theoretical and approximated solutions without using any apriory unknown constants.
Perturbative numeric approach in microwave imaging	2010	In this paper, we show that using measurements for different frequencies, andusing ultrasound localized perturbations it is possible to extend the method ofthe imaging by elastic deformation developed by Ammari and al. [ElectricalImpedance Tomography by Elastic Deformation SIAM J. Appl. Math., 68(6), (2008),1557-1573.] to problems for the Helmholtz equations with Neumann boundaryconditions, and to reconstruct by a perturbation method both the conductivityand the permittivity, provided that the conductivity function is coercive andthe wave number in the Helmholtz equation is not a resonant frequency.
Noise in resistively shunted Josephson junctions	2010	We investigate the dynamics of a resistively shunted Josephson junction. Wecompute the Josephson frequency and the generalized impedances for a variety ofthe parameters, particularly with relevance to predicting the measurableeffects of zero-temperature current noise in the resistor.
Nanoscale Plasmonic and Optical Modulators Based on Transparent  Conducting Oxides	2012	"Recent experiments showed that unity-order index change in a transparentconducting oxide (TCO) can be achieved in a metal-oxide-semiconductor (MOS)structure by accumulation charge. However, the ultrathin (~5nm) accumulationlayer and inherent absorption of TCOs impede the practical applications of thiseffect. Herein, we propose and explore a novel waveguide, namely ""TCO-slotwaveguide"", which combines both the tunable property of a TCO and fieldenhancement of a slot waveguide. In particular, light absorption can be sharplyenhanced when the slot dielectric constant is tuned close to zero. Based onTCO-slot waveguides, efficient electro-absorption modulation can be achievedwithin 200 nm with small insertion loss."
Optical wavelength conversion via optomechanical coupling in a silica  resonator	2012	We report the experimental demonstration of converting coherent opticalfields between two different optical wavelengths by coupling two optical modesto a mechanical breathing mode in a silica resonator. The experiment is basedon an itinerant approach, in which state-mapping from optical to mechanical andfrom mechanical to another optical state takes place simultaneously. Incontrast to conventional nonlinear optical processes, optomechanical impedancematching as well as efficient optical input-output coupling, instead ofphase-matching, plays a crucial role in optomechanics-based wavelengthconversion.
Infrared perfect absorber based on nanowire metamaterial cavities	2012	An infrared perfect absorber based on gold nanowire metamaterial cavitiesarray on a gold ground plane is designed. The metamaterial made of goldnanowires embedded in alumina host exhibits an effective permittivity withstrong anisotropy, which supports cavity resonant modes of both electric dipoleand magnetic dipole. The impedance of the cavity modes matches the incidentplane wave in free space, leading to nearly perfect light absorption. Theincident optical energy is efficiently converted into heat so that the localtemperature of the absorber will increase. Simulation results show that thedesigned metamaterial absorber is polarization-insensitive and nearlyomnidirectional for the incident angle.
"Comment on:""Dynamics of glass-forming liquids. XIII.Microwave heating in  slow motion""[J. Chem. Phys. 130,194509,(2009)]"	2012	We show that the time dependent Dielectric Hole Burning experiments performedon supercooled liquids in the commented paper should be analyzed with a muchshorter time step. The results would then exhibit strong short timesoscillations, completely ignored in that paper. Also, different datacorresponding to the same liquid are inconsistent ones with the others. Theyimpede comparison between theory and experiment.
Tradeoff between Leakage and Dephasing Errors in the Fluxonium Qubit	2012	We present a tradeoff between leakage and pure dephasing errors for thefluxonium circuit. We show that in the insulating regime, i.e., when thepersistent current flowing across the circuit is suppressed, the pure dephasingrate decreases exponentially as the impedance of the circuit is increased. Incontrast to this exponential decrease, the qubit remains sufficientlyanharmonic so that gates times can still be short, allowing for significantreduction in the computational error rates.
Efficient quantum memory using a weakly absorbing sample	2013	A light-storage experiment with a total (storage and retrieval) efficiency$\eta=58 \pm 5%$ is carried out by enclosing a sample, with a single passabsorption of 10%, in an impedance-matched cavity. The experiment is carriedout using the Atomic Frequency Comb (AFC) technique in a praseodymium-dopedcrystal ($0.05%Pr^{3+}:Y_2SiO_5$) and the cavity is created by reflectioncoating the crystal surfaces. The AFC technique has previously by fardemonstrated the highest multi-mode capacity of all quantum memory conceptstested experimentally. We claim that the present work shows that it isrealistic to create efficient, on-demand, long storage time AFC memories.
Differential Bloch Oscillating Transistor Pair	2013	We examine a Bloch Oscillating Transistor pair as a differential stage forcryogenic low-noise measurements. Using two oppositely biased, nearly symmetricBloch Oscillating Transistors, we measured the sum and difference signals inthe current gain and transconductance modes while changing the common modesignal, either voltage or current. From the common mode rejection ratio we findvalues $\sim 20$ dB even under non-optimal conditions. We also characterize thenoise properties and obtain excellent noise performance for measurements havingsource impedances in the M$\Omega$ range.
Plasmonic Tamm states: second enhancement of light inside the plasmonic  waveguide	2014	A type of Tamm states inside metal-insulator-metal (MIM) waveguides isproposed. An impedance based transfer matrix method is adopted to study andoptimize it. With the participation of the plasmonic Tamm states, fields couldbe enhanced twice: the ffirst is due to the coupling between a normal waveguideand a nanoscaled plasmonic waveguide and the second is due to the stronglocalization and field enhancement of Tamm states. As shown in our 2D couplingconfiguration, |E|^2 is enhanced up to 1050 times when 1550 nm light is coupledfrom an 300 nm Si slab waveguide into an 40 nm MIM waveguide.
Spacetime-symmetry violations: motivations, phenomenology, and tests	2014	An important open question in fundamental physics concerns the nature ofspacetime at distance scales associated with the Planck length. The widespreadbelief that probing such distances necessitates Planck-energy particles hasimpeded phenomenological and experimental research in this context. However, ithas been realized that various theoretical approaches to underlying physics canaccommodate Planck-scale violations of spacetime symmetries. This talk surveysthe motivations for spacetime-symmetry research, the SME test framework, andexperimental efforts in this field.
Fast and exact implementation of 3-dimensional Tukey depth regions	2014	Tukey depth regions are important notions in nonparametric multivariate dataanalysis. A $\tau$-th Tukey depth region $\mathcal{D}_{\tau}$ is the set of allpoints that have at least depth $\tau$. While the Tukey depth regions areeasily defined and interpreted as $p$-variate quantiles, their practicalapplications is impeded by the lack of efficient computational procedures indimensions with $p > 2$. Feasible algorithms are available, but practicallyvery slow. In this paper we present a new exact algorithm for 3-dimensionaldata. An efficient implementation is also provided. Data examples indicate thatthe proposed algorithm runs much faster than the existing ones.
A Real-time D-bar Algorithm for 2-D Electrical Impedance Tomography Data	2014	The aim of this paper is to show the feasibility of the D-bar method forreal-time 2-D EIT reconstructions. A fast implementation of the D-bar methodfor reconstructing conductivity changes on a 2-D chest-shaped domain isdescribed. Cross-sectional difference images from the chest of a healthy humansubject are presented, demonstrating what can be achieved in real time. Theimages constitute the first D-bar images from EIT data on a human subjectcollected on a pairwise current injection system.
Linear wave systems on $n$-D spatial domains	2014	In this paper we study the linear wave equation on an $n$-dimensional spatialdomain. We show that there is a boundary triplet associated to the undampedwave equation. This enables us to characterise all boundary conditions forwhich the undamped wave equation possesses a unique solution non-increasing inthe energy. Furthermore, we add boundary inputs and outputs to the system, thusturning it into an impedance conservative boundary control system.
Stability diagram of colliding beams	2014	The effect of the beam-beam interactions on the stability of impedance modeis discussed. The detuning is evaluated by the means of single particletracking in arbitrarily complex collision configurations, including latticenon-linearities, and used to numerically evaluate the dispersion integral. Thisapproach also allows the effect of non-Gaussian distributions to be considered.Distributions modified by the action of external noise are discussed.
The Geometric Foundations of Hamiltonian Monte Carlo	2014	Although Hamiltonian Monte Carlo has proven an empirical success, the lack ofa rigorous theoretical understanding of the algorithm has in many ways impededboth principled developments of the method and use of the algorithm inpractice. In this paper we develop the formal foundations of the algorithmthrough the construction of measures on smooth manifolds, and demonstrate howthe theory naturally identifies efficient implementations and motivatespromising generalizations.
Coherent beam-beam experiments and implications for head-on compensation	2014	In polarized proton operation in the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC)coherent beam-beam modes are routinely observed with beam transfer functionmeasurements. These modes can become unstable under external excitation or inthe presence of impedance. This becomes even more relevant in the presence ofhead-on compensation, which reduces the beam-beam tune spread and hence Landaudamping. We report on experiments and simulations carried out to understand theimpact of coherent modes on operation with electron lenses.
Coherent beam-beam mode in the LHC	2014	Observations of single bunch beam-beam coherent modes during dedicatedexperiments in the LHC are presented. Their role in standard operation forphysics is discussed and, in particular, candidates of beam-beam coherent modedriven unstable by the machine impedance are presented.
Circuit models and SPICE macro-models for quantum Hall effect devices	2015	Quantum Hall effect (QHE) devices are a pillar of modern quantum electricalmetrology. Electrical networks including one or more QHE elements can be usedas quantum resistance and impedance standards. The analysis of these networksallows metrologists to evaluate the effect of the inevitable parasiticparameters on their performance as standards. This paper presents a systematicanalysis of the various circuit models for QHE elements proposed in theliterature, and the development of a new model. This last model is particularlysuited to be employed with the analogue electronic circuit simulator SPICE. TheSPICE macro-model and examples of SPICE simulations, validated by comparisonwith the corresponding analytical solution and/or experimental data, areprovided.
Imaging of complex-valued tensors for two-dimensional Maxwell's  equations	2015	This paper concerns the imaging of a complex-valued anisotropic tensor{\gamma} = {\sigma}+{\iota}{\omega}{\epsilon} from knowledge of several intermagnetic fields H where H satisfies the anisotropic Maxwell system on a boundeddomain with prescribed boundary conditions. We show that {\gamma} can beuniquely reconstructed with a loss of two derivatives from errors in theacquisition H. A minimum number of five well-chosen functionals guaranties alocal reconstruction of {\gamma} in dimension two. The explicit inversionprocedure is presented in several numerical simulations, which demonstrate theinfluence of the choice boundary conditions on the stability of thereconstruction. This problem finds applications in the medical imagingmodalities Current Density Imaging and Magnetic Resonance Electrical ImpedanceTomography.
Sharp high-frequency estimates for the Helmholtz equation and  applications to boundary integral equations	2015	We consider three problems for the Helmholtz equation in interior andexterior domains in R^d (d=2,3): the exterior Dirichlet-to-Neumann andNeumann-to-Dirichlet problems for outgoing solutions, and the interiorimpedance problem. We derive sharp estimates for solutions to these problemsthat, in combination, give bounds on the inverses of the combined-fieldboundary integral operators for exterior Helmholtz problems.
Advances in Computational Biology: A Real Boost or a Wishful Thinking	2015	"Computational biology is on the verge of a paradigm shift in its researchpractice - from a data-based (computational) paradigm to an information-based(cognitive) paradigm. As in the other research fields, this transition isimpeded by lack of a right understanding about what is actually hidden behindthe term ""information"". The paper is intended to clarify this issue andintroduces two new notions of ""physical information"" and ""semanticinformation"", which together constitute the term ""information"". Someimplications of this introduction are considered."
Fabry -Perot filters with Tunable Josephson Junction Defects	2015	We propose to take advantage of the properties of long Josephson junctions torealize a frequency variable Fabry-Perot Filter that operates in the range100-500 GHz with a bandwidth below 1 GHz. In fact, we show that it is possibleto exploit the tunability of the effective impedance of the Josephsoncomponent, that is controlled by a dc bias, to tune, up to $10\%$ of thecentral frequency, the resonance of the system. An analysis of the linearizedsystem indicates the range of operation and the main characteristic parametersNumerical simulations of the full nonlinear Josephson element confirm thebehavior expected from the linear approximation.
Hyperbolicity impedes emergence of chimera states in networks of  nonlocally coupled chaotic oscillators	2015	We analyze nonlocally coupled networks of identical chaotic oscillators witheither time-discrete or time-continuous dynamics (Henon map, Lozi map, Lorenzsystem). We hypothesize that chimera states, in which spatial domains ofcoherent (synchronous) and incoherent (desynchronized) dynamics coexist, can beobtained only in networks of nonhyperbolic chaotic systems and cannot be foundin networks of hyperbolic systems. This hypothesis is supported by analyticalresults and numerical simulations for hyperbolic and nonhyperbolic cases.
Dressed-state engineering for continuous detection of itinerant  microwave photons	2015	We propose a scheme for continuous detection of itinerant microwave photonsin circuit quantum electrodynamics. In the proposed device, a superconductingqubit is coupled dispersively to two resonators: one is used to form animpedance-matched $\Lambda$ system that deterministically captures incomingphotons, and the other is used for continuous monitoring of the event. Thepresent scheme enables efficient photon detection: for realistic systemparameters, the detection efficiency reaches 0.9 with a bandwidth of about tenmegahertz.
Lipschitz stability for the electrostatic inverse boundary value problem  with piecewise linear conductivities	2015	We consider the electrostatic inverse boundary value problem also known aselectrical impedance tomography (EIT) for the case where the conductivity is apiecewise linear function on a domain $\Omega\subset\mathbb{R}^n$ and we showthat a Lipschitz stability estimate for the conductivity in terms of the localDirichlet-to-Neumann map holds true.
Cryogenic resonator design for trapped ion experiments in Paul traps	2016	Trapping ions in Paul traps requires high radio-frequency voltages, which aregenerated using resonators. When operating traps in a cryogenic environment, anin-vacuum resonator showing low loss is crucial to limit the thermal load tothe cryostat. In this study, we present a guide for the design and productionof compact, shielded cryogenic resonators. We produced and characterized threedifferent types of resonators and furthermore demonstrate efficient impedancematching of these resonators at cryogenic temperatures.
Universal critical behavior of the 2d Ising spin glass	2016	We use finite size scaling to study Ising spin glasses in two spatialdimensions. The issue of universality is addressed by comparing discrete andcontinuous probability distributions for the quenched random couplings. Thesophisticated temperature dependency of the scaling fields is identified as themajor obstacle that has impeded a complete analysis. Once temperature isrelinquished in favor of the correlation length as the basic variable, weobtain a reliable estimation of the anomalous dimension and of the thermalcritical exponent. Universality among binary and Gaussian couplings isconfirmed to a high numerical accuracy.
Loss-induced enhanced transmission in anisotropic density-near-zero  acoustic metamaterials	2016	Anisotropic density-near-zero (ADNZ) acoustic metamaterials are investigatedtheoretically and numerically in this letter and are shown to exhibitextraordinary transmission enhancement when material loss is induced. Theenhanced transmission is due to the enhanced propagating and evanescent wavemodes inside the ADNZ medium thanks to the interplay of near-zero density,material loss, and high wave impedance matching in the propagation direction.The equi-frequency contour (EFC) is used to reveal whether the propagating wavemode is allowed in ADNZ metamaterials. Numerical simulations based onplate-type acoustic metamaterials with different material losses were performedto demonstrate collimation enabled by the induced loss in ADNZ media. This workprovides a different way for manipulating acoustic waves.
Electromagnetic Boundaries with PEC/PMC Equivalence	2016	The most general electromagnetic boundary, defined by linear and localboundary conditions, is defined in terms of conditions which can be calledgeneralized impedance boundary conditions. Requiring that the boundary beequivalent to PEC and PMC boundaries for its two eigen-plane waves, whichproperty is known to exist for many of its special cases, it is shown that therecently introduced Generalized Soft-and-Hard/DB (GSHDB) boundary is the mostgeneral boundary satisfying this property.
Uniqueness in the Caldern problem via infinitesimally bounded  potentials	2016	"The Calder\'on problem is an inverse problem with applications to electricalimpedance tomography and geophysical prospection. We prove uniqueness in theCalder\'on problem in spatial dimension $n \geq 3$ for scalar conductivities inthe Sobolev space $W^{1,p}$ with $p \geq n$. This generalizes a result ofHaberman who considered the case $p \geq n$ and $n=3$ or $4$. Our method ofproof combines a Fourier series approach with an analytic criterion forinfinitesimal boundedness of potentials appearing in a Schr\""odinger equationwith respect to the Laplacian."
Impeding effect of cerium on the growth of helium bubble in iron	2011	Our first-principles density functional theory calculations suggest that therare earth element, Ce, has a stronger attraction (-1.31eV) to He than He-He(-1.18eV) in bcc Fe. Consequently, the mobile He atoms could be pinned to Ce,and hence a reduced merging of He clusters. Moreover, we find that thesegregated Ce layer at the He bubble surface presents an energy barrier of 0.33eV to the upcoming He atom and thus slows down the bubble growth.
The completeness, computability, and extensibility of quantum theory	2015	"The long lasting discussion on the completeness of quantum theory (QT) hasnot yet come to an end. The discussion is impeded by the lack of a clearunderstanding of what makes up the contents of a theory of physics in generaland of QT specifically. After such an understanding has been developed, a moreprecise definition of global properties, such as the completeness,computability, and extensibility of a theory, is possible and necessary. Thispaper addresses these subjects for theories of physics and, in particular, forQT. The basis for the definition of the completeness of a theory is theproposed definition of a ""formal causal model of a physical theory"". The formalmodel can be applied to discussions of general attributes, such ascompleteness, computability, and extensibility."
Creating materials in which heat propagates along a line: theory and  numerical results	2015	In this paper the theory is developed for creating a material in which theheat is transmitted along a given line. This gives a possibility to transferinformation using heat signals. This seems to be a novel idea. The technicalpart of the theory is the construction of the potential $q(x)$. This potentialdescribes the heat equation $u_t = \Delta u - q(x)u$ in the limiting mediumwhich is obtained after the small impedance particles are distributed in agiven domain. A numerical method is also established to construct numericallysuch a potential.
Multi-scale modelling of supercapacitors: From molecular simulations to  a transmission line model	2016	We perform molecular dynamics simulations of a typical nanoporous-carbonbased supercapacitors. The organic electrolyte consists in1-ethyl-3-methyl--imidazolium and hexafluorophosphate ions dissolved inacetonitrile. We simulate systems at equilibrium, for various applied voltages.This allows us to determine the relevant thermodynamic (capacitance) andtransport (in-pore resistivities) properties. These quantities are theninjected in a transmission line model for testing its ability to predict thecharging properties of the device. The results from this macroscopic model arein good agreement with non-equilibrium molecular dynamics simulations, whichvalidates its use for interpreting electrochemical impedance experiments.
Circuit Synthesis of Electrochemical Supercapacitor Models	2016	This paper is concerned with the synthesis of RC electrical circuits fromphysics-based supercapacitor models describing conservation and diffusionrelationships. The proposed synthesis procedure uses model discretisation,linearisation, balanced model order reduction and passive network synthesis toform the circuits. Circuits with different topologies are synthesized fromseveral physical models. This work will give greater understanding to thephysical interpretation of electrical circuits and will enable the developmentof more generalised circuits, since the synthesized impedance functions aregenerated by considering the physics, not from experimental fitting which mayignore certain dynamics.
Spatio-temporal Models for Formal Analysis and Property-based Testing	2016	This paper presents our ongoing work on spatio-temporal models for formalanalysis and property-based testing. Our proposed framework aims at reducingthe impedance mismatch between formal methods and practitioners. We introduce aset of formal methods and explain their interplay and benefits in terms ofusability.
Voltage Uncertainties in the Presence of Photovoltaic Systems	2016	With the rising demand for solar energy installation, there is a pressingneed for utilities to regulate the voltages at the distribution level. In gridswith high penetration of photovoltaic (PV) systems, voltage fluctuations canoccur at the distribution systems, resulting in inverter tripping andinsufficient power to meet the load. We present a linear model for voltage riseversus PV output power. This model can be used to study the effect ofincreasing PV system capacities on distribution system voltages. It is observedthat voltage fluctuations have greater correlation with the location of the PVsystems on the grid than with the PV system capacities, i.e., more randomnessand disorder in the behavior of voltage occurs with PV systems with larger lineimpedance.
One-dimensional Modelling of Electrostatic Generation and Detection of  Bulk Acoustic Waves in layered structures	2016	This paper is devoted to the unidimensional analysis of a 2-ports siliconresonator vibrating in thickness--extensional mode. Both excitation anddetection ports are capacitive transducers used to control the system oflongitudinal elastic waves established along the thickness of a layeredstructure. The analysis consists of integrating the capacitive transduction oflongitudinal elastic waves within a specific implementation of the generalscheme of impedance methods largely used as standard tools for the modelling ofRF-MEMS.
Double-sided unidirectional reflectivity	2017	We study the effect of unidirectional reflectivity in the bilayer opticalmodel with the balanced loss/gain terms. It was found that if the impedancescharacterizing the scattering part are different from those describing theleads, a new effect of double-sided unidirectional reflectivity emerges. Inthis case the vanishing of reflectivity occurs either for the left or rightreflectivity, depending on the frequency of scattering wave. It is shown thatthe alternation of the unidirectional reflectivity from the left to the rightcan occur even if the corresponding Hamiltonian is non-PT-symmetric. Ouranalytical results are demonstrated by numerical data.
Artificial spin ice and vertex models	2017	In classical and quantum frustrated magnets the interactions in combinationwith the lattice structure impede the spins to order in optimal configurationsat zero temperature. The theoretical interest in their classical realisationshas been boosted by the artificial manufacture of materials with theseproperties, that are of flexible design. This note summarises work on the useof vertex models to study bidimensional spin-ices samples, done incollaboration with R. A. Borzi, M. V. Ferreyra, L. Foini, G. Gonnella, S. A.Grigera, P. Guruciaga, D. Levis, A. Pelizzola and M. Tarzia, in recent years.It is an invited contribution to a J. Stat. Phys. special issue dedicated tothe memory of Leo P. Kadanoff.
Laser-induced molecular alignment in the presence of chaotic rotational  dynamics	2017	Coherent control of chaotic molecular systems, using laser-assisted alignmentof sulphur dioxide (SO$_2$) molecules in the presence of a static electricfield as an example, is considered. Conditions for which the classical versionof this system is chaotic are established, and the quantum and classicalanalogs are shown to be in very good correspondence. It is found that the chaospresent in the classical system does not impede the alignment, neither in theclassical nor the quantum system. Using the results of numerical calculations,we suggest that laser-assisted alignment is stable against rotational chaos forall asymmetric top molecules.
Recoverable Energy of Dissipative Electromagnetic Systems	2017	Ambiguities in the definition of stored energy within distributed orradiating electromagnetic systems motivate the discussion of the well-definedconcept of recoverable energy. This concept is commonly overlooked by thecommunity and the purpose of this communication is to recall its existence andto discuss its relationship to fractional bandwidth. Using a rational functionapproximation of a system's input impedance, the recoverable energy of lumpedand radiating systems is calculated in closed form and is related to storedenergy and fractional bandwidth. Lumped circuits are also used to demonstratethe relationship between recoverable energy and the energy stored withinequivalent circuits produced by the minimum phase-shift Darlington's synthesisprocedure.
Reconstruction of a complex electromagnetic coefficient from partial  measurements	2017	We consider an inverse boundary value problem for the Maxwell equations withboundary data assumed known only in accessible part $\Gamma$ of the boundary.We aim to prove a uniqueness result using the Dirichlet to Neumann data withmeasurements limited to an open part of the boundary and we seek to reconstructthe complex refractive index $n$ in the interior of a body. Further, using theimpedance map restricted to $\Gamma$, we may identify locations of small volumefraction perturbations of the refractive index.
Structure-Based Subspace Method for Multi-Channel Blind System  Identification	2017	In this work, a novel subspace-based method for blind identification ofmultichannel finite impulse response (FIR) systems is presented. Here, weexploit directly the impeded Toeplitz channel structure in the signal linearmodel to build a quadratic form whose minimization leads to the desired channelestimation up to a scalar factor. This method can be extended to estimate anypredefined linear structure, e.g. Hankel, that is usually encountered in linearsystems. Simulation findings are provided to highlight the appealing advantagesof the new structure-based subspace (SSS) method over the standard subspace(SS) method in certain adverse identification scenarii.
Carroll symmetry of plane gravitational waves	2017	The well-known 5-parameter isometry group of plane gravitational waves in $4$dimensions is identified as Levy-Leblond's Carroll group in $2+1$ dimensionswith no rotations. Our clue is that plane waves are Bargmann spaces into whichCarroll manifolds can be embedded. We also comment on the scattering of lightby a gravitational wave and calculate its electric permittivity considered asan impedance-matched metamaterial.
An Impedance control approch of Ultra High Power Electric Arc Furnace	2017	An approach is proposed to design the intelligent electrode positioncontroller for UHP by using nonlinear scaling and fuzzy self tuning PID controlalgorithm. First, nonlinear scaling of controlled variable that compensate thenonlinearity of the object is proposed. Second, a fuzzy self tuning PIDelectrode position control algorithm is designed and the parameters of thefuzzy inference are optimized by using GA (Genetic Algorithm). Finally, theeffectiveness of the proposed approach is verified by field test.
Implementation of radiating aperture field distribution using tensorial  metasurfaces	2017	This paper deals with the design of tensorial modulated metasurfaces able toimplement a general radiating aperture field distribution. A new aperturesynthesis approach is introduced, based on local holography and variableimpedance modulation. In particular, it is shown that tensorial metasurfacescan be used to generate general radiating distribution (phase and amplitude).In addition, a step by step algorithm is presented. In order to validate themethod, several solutions are presented at 20 GHz which implement aperturedistributions able to radiate different beams with general polarization.
Depth dependent resolution in Electrical Impedance Tomography	2017	We consider the two-dimensional version of Calder\`on's problem. When the D-Nmap is assumed to be known up to an error level $\varepsilon_0$, we investigatehow the resolution in the determination of the unknown conductivitydeteriorates the farther one goes from the boundary. We provide explicitformulas for the resolution, which apply to conductivities which areperturbations, concentrated near an interior point $q$, of the homogeneousconductivity.
Magnetically hindered chain formation in transition-metal break  junctions	2009	Based on first-principles calculations, we demonstrate that magnetism impedesthe formation of long chains in break junctions. We find a distinct softeningof the binding energy of atomic chains due to the creation of magnetic momentsthat crucially reduces the probability of successful chain formation. Thereby,we are able to explain the long standing puzzle why most of thetransition-metals do not assemble as long chains in break junctions and providethus an indirect evidence that in general suspended atomic chains intransition-metal break junctions are magnetic.
Reverse Time Migration for Extended Obstacles: Acoustic Waves	2014	We consider the resolution of the single frequency reverse time migration(RTM) method for extended targets without the assumption of the validation ofgeometric optics approximation. The resolution analysis, which applies in bothpenetrable and non-penetrable obstacles with sound soft or impedance boundarycondition on the boundary of the obstacle, implies that the imaginary part ofthe cross-correlation imaging functional is always positive and thus may havebetter stability properties. Numerical experiments are included to illustratethe powerful imaging quality and to confirm our resolution results.
Turing patterns in multiplex networks	2014	The theory of patterns formation for a reaction-diffusion system defined on amultiplex is developed by means of a perturbative approach. The intra-layerdiffusion constants act as small parameter in the expansion and the unperturbedstate coincides with the limiting setting where the multiplex layers aredecoupled. The interaction between adjacent layers can seed the instability ofan homogeneous fixed point, yielding self-organized patterns which are insteadimpeded in the limit of decoupled layers. Patterns on individual layers canalso fade away due to cross-talking between layers. Analytical results arecompared to direct simulations.
Space-time gradient metasurfaces	2015	Metasurfaces characterized by a transverse gradient of local impedance haverecently opened exciting directions for light manipulation at the nanoscale.Here we add a temporal gradient to the picture, showing that spatio-temporalvariations over a surface may largely extend the degree of light manipulationin metasurfaces, and break several of their constraints associated tosymmetries. As an example, we synthesize a non-reciprocal classical analogue toelectromagnetic induced transparency, opening a narrow window of one-waytransmission in an otherwise opaque surface. These properties pave the way tomagnetic free, planarized non-reciprocal ultrathin surfaces for free-spaceisolation.
Metallic multilayers for X-band Bragg reflector applications	2015	We present a structural and high frequency (8.72GHz) electricalcharacterization of sputter deposited Ti/W, Ti/Ru and Mo/Ti metallicmultilayers for potential application as acoustic Bragg reflectors. We provethat all metallic multilayers comprised of different acoustic impedance metalssuch as Ti, W, Mo are promising candidates for Bragg reflector/bottom electrodein full X-band thin film acoustic resonators. Values for high frequencyresistivity of the order of $10^{-8} ohm.m$ are measured by use of acontact-free/non-invasive sheet resistance method.
On reconstruction of complex-valued once differentiable conductivities	2015	The classical $\overline \partial$-method has been generalized recently[lnv], [lnv2] to be used in the presence of exceptional points. We apply thisgeneralization to solve Dirac inverse scattering problem with weak assumptionson smoothness of potentials. As a consequence, this provides an effectivemethod of reconstruction of complex-valued one time differentiableconductivities in the inverse impedance tomography problem.
Retractable Prosthesis for Transfemoral Amputees Using Series Elastic  Actuators and Force Control	2015	We present a highly functional and cost-effective prosthesis for transfemoralamputees that uses series elastic actuators. These actuators allow for accurateforce control, low impedance and large dynamic range. The design involves oneactive joint at the knee and a passive joint at the ankle. Additionally, thesocket was designed using mirroring of compliances to ensure maximum comfort.
Confinement of Vibrational Modes in Nanocrystalline Silicon	2016	It is possible to confine vibrational modes to silicon nanocrystals byencapsulating them within hydrogenated amorphous silicon. This is not becauseof the small impedance mismatch between materials but, rather, is due to higherorder moments in the distribution of density and stiffness in the amorphousphase--i.e. it is a result of material substructure. The concept is elucidatedusing an idealized one-dimensional setting and then demonstrated for arealistic nanocrystalline geometry. Beyond the immediate focus on amorphousencapsulation, this offers the prospect of specifically engineering higherorder property distributions as an alternate means of managing phonons. Theapproach could be applied, for instance, to design deterministically orderedmaterials which exploit this means of control.
Challenges in Mobile Multi-Device Ecosystems	2016	Coordinated multi-display environments from the desktop, second-screen togigapixel display walls are increasingly common. Personal and intimate mobileand wearable devices such as head-mounted displays, smartwatches, smartphonesand tablets are rarely part of such multi-device ecosystems. With this paper,we contribute to a better understanding about factors that impede the creationand use of such mobile multi-device ecosystems. We base our findings onliterature research and an expert survey. Specifically, we present groundedchallenges relevant for the design, development and use of mobile multi-deviceenvironments.
Cloaking for a quasi-linear elliptic partial differential equation	2017	In this article we consider cloaking for a quasi-linear elliptic partialdifferential equation of divergence type defined on a bounded domain in$\mathbb{R}^N$ for $N=2,3$. We show that a perfect cloak can be obtained via asingular change of variables scheme and an approximate cloak can be achievedvia a regular change of variables scheme. These approximate cloaks thoughnon-degenerate are anisotropic. We also show, within the framework ofhomogenization, that it is possible to get isotropic regular approximatecloaks. This work generalizes to quasi-linear settings previous work oncloaking in the context of Electrical Impedance Tomography for the conductivityequation.
Thermoelectric effects in superconductor-ferromagnet tunnel junctions on  europium sulfide	2017	We report on large thermoelectric effects in superconductor-ferromagnettunnel junctions in proximity contact with the ferromagnetic insulator europiumsulfide. The combination of a spin-splitting field and spin-polarized tunnelconductance in these systems breaks the electron-hole symmetry and leads tospin-dependent thermoelectric currents. We show that the exchange splittinginduced by the europium sulfide boosts the thermoelectric effect in smallapplied fields and can therefore eliminate the need to apply large magneticfields, which might otherwise impede applications in thermometry or cooling.
Broadband Multiresonator Quantum Memory	2017	In this paper we present universal broadband multi-resonator quantum memory(MR-QM) based on the spatial-frequency combs of the microresonators coupledwith a common waveguide. Here we found new Bragg-type impedance matchingcondition for the coupling of the microresonators with a waveguide field whichprovides an efficient broadband quantum storage. The obtained analyticalsolution for the microresonator fields enables sustainable parametric controlof all the memory characteristics.
Meta-Gratings: Beyond the Limits of Graded Metasurfaces for Wavefront  Control	2017	Graded metasurfaces exploit the local momentum imparted by an impedancegradient to transform the impinging wavefront. This approach suffers fromfundamental limits on the overall conversion efficiency and it is challenged byfabrication limitations on the maximum spatial resolution. Here, we introducethe concept of meta-gratings, which enables arbitrary wavefront engineeringwith unitary efficiency and significantly lower demands on the fabricationprecision. We employ this concept to design reflective metasurfaces forwavefront steering without limitations on efficiency. A similar approach isenvisioned for transmitted beams and for arbitrary wavefront transformation,opening promising opportunities for highly-efficient metasurfaces for extremewave manipulation.
A self-aligned nano-fabrication process for vertical NbN-MgO-NbN  Josephson junctions	2017	We present a new process for fabricating vertical NbN-MgO-NbN Josephsonjunctions using self-aligned silicon nitride spacers. It allows for a widerange of junction areas from 0.02 um^2 to several 100 um^2. At the same time,it is suited for the implementation of complex microwave circuits withtransmission line impedances ranging from < 1 Ohm to > 1 kOhm. The constituentthin films and the finished junctions are characterized. The latter are shownto have high gap voltages (> 4 mV) and low sub-gap leakage currents.
Compact bilateral single conductor surface wave transmission line	2017	A compact bilateral single conductor surface wave transmission line (TL) isproposed, converting the quasi-transverse electromagnetic (QTEM) mode of lowcharacteristic impedance slotline into the transverse magnetic (TM) mode ofsingle-conductor TL. The propagation constant of the proposed TL is decided bygeometric parameters of the periodic corrugated structure. Compared toconventional transitions between coplanar waveguide (CPW) and single-conductorTLs, such as Goubau line (G-Line) and surface plasmons TL, the proposedstructure halves the size and this feature gives important potentials todevelop integrated surface wave devices and circuits. The designed structure,sample fabrication and experimental verification are discussed.
Born series for the photon diffusion equation perturbing the Robin  boundary condition	2017	The photon diffusion equation is solved making use of the Born series for theRobin boundary condition. We develop a general theory for arbitrary domainswith smooth enough boundaries and explore the convergence. The proposed Bornseries is validated by numerical calculation in the three-dimensional halfspace. It is shown that in this case the Born series converges regardless thevalue of the impedance term in the Robin boundary condition.
Robust Regulation of Infinite-Dimensional Port-Hamiltonian Systems	2017	We will give general sufficient conditions under which a controller achievesrobust regulation for a boundary control and observation system. Utilizingthese conditions we construct a minimal order robust controller for anarbitrary order impedance passive linear port-Hamiltonian system. Thetheoretical results are illustrated with a numerical example where we implementa controller for a one-dimensional Euler-Bernoulli beam with boundary controlsand boundary observations.
Structural and dielectric characterization of Sm2MgMnO6	2017	The polycrystalline Sm2MgMnO6 (SMMO) was synthesized at 1173K by means ofsol-gel technique. Rietveld refine-ment of X-ray diffraction (XRD) patternconfirmed the formation of a single phase monoclinic structure with space groupP21/n. The band gap achieved from UV-vis spectra shows the semiconductingnature of the material. To observe the effect of grains and grain-boundaries inthe conduction process and dielectric relaxation measurements are carried outon SMMO sample at different frequencies between 313 K and 673 K. An electricalequivalent circuit consisting of the resistance and constant phase element isused to clarify the impedance data.
Project Makespan Estimation: Computational Load of Interval and Point  Estimates	2017	The estimation of project completion time is to be repeated several times inthe project planning phase to reach the optimal tradeoff between time, cost,and quality. Estimation procedures provide either an interval or a pointestimate. The computational load of several estimation procedures is reviewed.A multiple polynomial regression model is provided for major intervalestimation procedures and shows that the accuracy in the probability model foractivities is the most influential factor. The computational time does notappear to be an impeding factor, though it is larger for MonteCarlo simulation,so that the computational time can be traded off in search of a simplerestimation procedure.
Phase Transition of Na3SbS4 Superionic Conductor and Its Impact on Ion  Transport	2017	In this work, a comprehensive research coupling experiment and computationhas been performed to understand the phase transition of Na3SbS4 and tosynthesize cubic Na3SbS4 (c-Na3SbS4), a high temperature phase of Na3SbS4 thatis difficult to be preserved from high temperature. The formation of c-Na3SbS4is verified by Rietveld refinement and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.Both experiment and theoretical calculation reveal that the ionic conductivityof c-Na3SbS4 is higher than that of t-Na3SbS4, though the values are in thesame order of magnitude. Both structures allow fast ion transport.
Reconstruction of a piecewise constant conductivity on a polygonal  partition via shape optimization in EIT	2017	In this paper, we develop a shape optimization-based algorithm for theelectrical impedance tomography (EIT) problem of determining a piecewiseconstant conductivity on a polygonal partition from boundary measurements. Thekey tool is to use a distributed shape derivative of a suitable cost functionalwith respect to movements of the partition. Numerical simulations showing therobustness and accuracy of the method are presented for simulated test cases intwo dimensions.
On the propagation of singularities for a class of linearised hybrid  inverse problems	2017	For a general formulation of linearised hybrid inverse problems in impedancetomography, the qualitative properties of the solutions are analysed. Using anappropriate scalar pseudo-differential formulation, the problems are shown topermit propagating singularities under certain non-elliptic conditions, and theassociated directions of propagation are precisely identified relative to thedirections in which ellipticity is lost. The same result is found in thesetting for the corresponding normal formulation of the scalarpseudo-differential equations. A numerical reconstruction procedure based ofthe least squares finite element method is derived, and a series of numericalexperiments visualise exactly how the loss of ellipticity manifests itself aspropagating singularities.
Localization of Electrical Flows	2017	We show that in any graph, the average length of a flow path in an electricalflow between the endpoints of a random edge is $O(\log^2 n)$. This is aconsequence of a more general result which shows that the spectral norm of theentrywise absolute value of the transfer impedance matrix of a graph is$O(\log^2 n)$. This result implies a simple oblivious routing scheme based onelectrical flows in the case of transitive graphs.
Banjo Drum Physics - theoretical preliminaries	2017	The interaction of a drum's head with its enclosed air is presented in thesimplest possible form appropriate to the questions and issues that arise inunderstanding the timbre of the banjo. The inherent air-head impedance mismatchallows treating the head as driver of the air and the air's effect, in turn, asback reaction. Any particular question can then be addressed with a calculationin simple wave mechanics. The analysis confirms and quantifies the notion thatinternal air resonances enhance the response of the head at its and theirfrequencies. However, the details of just how are fairly complicated.
Quality factor of a transmission line coupled coplanar waveguide  resonator	2017	We investigate analytically the coupling of a coplanar waveguide resonator toa coplanar waveguide feedline. Using a conformal mapping technique we obtain anexpression for the characteristic mode impedances and coupling coefficients ofan asymmetric multi-conductor transmission line. Leading order terms for theexternal quality factor and frequency shift are calculated. The obtainedanalytical results are relevant for designing circuit-QED quantum systems andfrequency division multiplexing of superconducting bolometers, detectors andsimilar microwave-range multi-pixel devices.
Quantization of Space-like States in Lorentz-Violating Theories	2017	Lorentz violation frequently induces modified dispersion relations that canyield space-like states that impede the standard quantization procedures. Incertain cases, an extended hamiltonian formalism can be used to defineobserver-covariant normalization factors for field expansions and phase spaceintegrals. These factors extend the theory to include non-concordant frames inwhich there are negative-energy states. This formalism provides a rigorous wayto quantize certain theories containing space-like states and allows for theconsistent computation of Cherenkov radiation rates in arbitrary frames andavoids singular expressions.
Imaging of isotropic and anisotropic conductivities from power densities  in three dimensions	2017	We present numerical reconstructions of anisotropic conductivity tensors inthree dimensions, from knowledge of a finite family of power densityfunctionals. Such a problem arises in the coupled-physics imaging modalityUltrasound Modulated Electrical Impedance Tomography for instance. We improveon the algorithms previously derived in [Bal et al, Inverse Probl Imaging(2013), pp.353-375, Monard and Bal, Comm. PDE (2013), pp.1183-1207] for bothisotropic and anisotropic cases, and we address the well-known issue ofvanishing determinants in particular. The algorithm is implemented and weprovide numerical results that illustrate the improvements.
"""I know it when I see it"". Visualization and Intuitive Interpretability"	2017	Most research on the interpretability of machine learning systems focuses onthe development of a more rigorous notion of interpretability. I suggest that abetter understanding of the deficiencies of the intuitive notion ofinterpretability is needed as well. I show that visualization enables but alsoimpedes intuitive interpretability, as it presupposes two levels of technicalpre-interpretation: dimensionality reduction and regularization. Furthermore, Iargue that the use of positive concepts to emulate the distributed semanticstructure of machine learning models introduces a significant human bias intothe model. As a consequence, I suggest that, if intuitive interpretability isneeded, singular representations of internal model states should be avoided.
Barrier to recombination of oppositely charged large polarons	2017	Electronic charge carriers in ionic materials can self-trap to form largepolarons. Interference between the ionic displacements associated withoppositely charged large polarons increases as they approach one another.Initially this interference produces an attractive potential that fosters theirmerger. However, for small enough separations this interference generates arepulsive interaction between oppositely charged large polarons. In suitablecircumstances this repulsion can overwhelm their direct Coulomb attraction.Then the resulting net repulsion between oppositely charged large polaronsconstitutes a potential barrier which impedes their recombination.
"Reddened Dimming of Boyajian's Star Supports Internal Storage of Its  ""Missing"" Flux"	2017	Two recent short term dimmings of KIC 8462852 (Boyajian's Star) exhibit clearreddening in the B, r' and i' photometric passbands. We show that the intensityratios of the three pass bands agree well with cooling of an approximately 6800K black body by about 30K. This agreement, together with other recent findingson the timing and longer term dimmings of this star, support our previousargument that the star's photometric behavior is caused by internal storage ofimpeded convective flux, rather than by external sources of obscuration suchthe ISM or circumstellar material.
Tunable elastic Parity-Time symmetric structure based on the shunted  piezoelectric materials	2018	We theoretically and numerically report on tunable elastic Parity-Time (PT)symmetric structure based on shunted piezoelectric units. We show that theelastic loss and gain can be archived in piezoelectric materials when they areshunted by external circuits containing positive and negative resistances. Wepresent and discuss, as an example, the strongly dependent relationship betweenthe exceptional points of a three-layered system and the impedance of theirexternal shunted circuit. The achieved results evidence the PT symmetricstructures based on this proposed concept can actively be tuned without anychange of their geometric configurations.
A direct imaging method for inverse scattering by unbounded rough  surfaces	2018	This paper is concerned with the inverse scattering problem by an unboundedrough surface. A direct imaging method is proposed to reconstruct the roughsurface from the scattered near-field Cauchy data generating by point sourcesand measured on a horizontal straight line segment at a finite distance abovethe rough surface. Theoretical analysis of the imaging algorithm is given forthe case of a penetrable rough surface, but the imaging algorithm also worksfor impenetrable surfaces with Dirichlet or impedance boundary conditions.Numerical experiments are presented to show that the direct imaging algorithmis fast, accurate and very robust with respect to noise in the data.
High Kinetic Inductance NbN Nanowire Superinductors	2018	We demonstrate that a high kinetic inductance disordered superconductor canrealize a low microwave loss, non-dissipative circuit element with an impedancegreater than the quantum resistance ($R_Q = h/4e^2 \simeq 6.5k\Omega$). Thiselement, known as a superinductor, can produce a quantum circuit where chargefluctuations are suppressed. The superinductor consists of a 40 nm wide niobiumnitride nanowire and exhibits a single photon quality factor of $2.5 \times10^4$. Furthermore, by examining loss rates, we demonstrate that thedissipation of our nanowire devices can be fully understood in the framework oftwo-level system loss.
Scale Free Bounds on the Amplification of Disturbances in Mass Chains	2018	We give a method for designing a mechanical impedance to suppress thepropagation of disturbances along a chain of masses. The key feature of ourmethod is that it is scale free. This means that it can be used to give asingle, fixed, design, with provable performance guarantees in mass chains ofany length. We illustrate the approach by designing a bidirectional control lawin a vehicle platoon in a manner that is independent of the number of vehiclesin the platoon.
A Closed-loop controller to improve the Stability of Cascaded DC/DC  Converters	2018	Study of the buck converter and cascaded system considering the voltage modecontroller has been done. First the small signal analysis of a buck dc/dcconverter is presented and its mathematical representation has been showed.Then, the cascaded converter model regarding close loop impedances and voltagegain has been studied. The controller for this converter is proposed tostabilize the performance of the plant. The effectiveness of the proposedcontroller has been tested on a typical buck converter.
Graphene-Based Tunable Metasurface for All-angle Perfect Absorption	2018	Motivated by the idea of smart metasurfaces, we will demonstrate agraphene-based tunable absorber in which perfect absorption can be achieved forall angles of incidence, only by tuning the Fermi level of graphene. We placean unpatterned graphene sheet on a mushroom-type high impedance surface whoseresonant frequency is stable for all incident angles. For TM-polarization,perfect absorption can be realized from normal to grazing incidence at the samefrequency when modulating the Fermi level of graphene from 0.18 eV to 1 eV.
Adaptive beam loading compensation in room temperature bunching cavities	2018	In this paper we present the design, simulation, and proof of principleresults of an optimization based adaptive feed-forward algorithm forbeam-loading compensation in a high impedance room temperature cavity. We beginwith an overview of prior developments in beam loading compensation. Then wediscuss different techniques for adaptive beam loading compensation and why theuse of Newton's Method is of interest for this application. This is followed bysimulation and initial experimental results of this method.
Optimization of RPCs read-out panel with electromagnetic simulation	2018	With the upgrade of the RPCs [1]-[2] and the increase of its performances,the study and the optimization of the read-out panel is necessary in order tomaintain the signal integrity and to reduce the intrinsic crosstalk. ThroughElectromagnetic Simulation, performed with CST Studio Suite, new panels designare tested and their crosstalk property are studied. The behavior of differenttype of panel is shown, in particular a panel with the decoupling stripconnected through their characteristic impedance to the ground plane issimulated.
Canonical Models of Dielectric Response	2018	The interaction of electromagnetic fields with a solid is characterized byseveral interconnected response functions: the dielectric function$\varepsilon(\omega)$, index of refraction $N(\omega)$, conductivity$\sigma(\omega)$, and optical impedance $Z(\omega)$. Here we utilize threecanonical models of dielectric response -- the damped harmonic oscillator,Debye polarization response, and the Drude model -- to discuss these fouroptical response functions. Special emphasis is devoted to the response of aDrude metal. Our main focus is on electromagnetic wave propagation through amaterial. We also discuss the relaxation of charge fluctuations within thecontext of the three canonical models of response.
On the nonlocal stabilization by starting control of the normal equation  generated from Helmholtz system	2018	We consider the problem of stabilization to zero of semilinear normalparabolic equations connected with the 3D Helmholtz system with periodicboundary conditions and arbitrary initial datum. This problem was previouslystudied in \cite{FSh16}. As it was recently revealed, the control functionsuggested in that work contains a term impeding transference the stabilizationconstruction on the 3D Helmholtz system. The main concern of this article is toprove that this term is not necessary for the stabilization result, andtherefore the control function can be changed by a proper way.
Agglomerative Hierarchical Clustering Analysis of co/multi-morbidities	2018	Although co/multi-morbidities are associated with significant increase inmortality, the lack of appropriate quantitative exploratory techniques oftenimpede their analysis. In the current study, we study the clustering ofmultimorbid patients in the Texas patient population. To this end we employagglomerative hierarchical clustering to find clusters within the patientpopulation. The analysis revealed the presence of nine distinct, clinicallyrelevant clusters of co/multi-morbidities within the study population ofinterest. This technique provides a quantitative exploratory analysis of theco/multi-morbidities present in a specific population.
Measuring carbon nanotube vibrations using a single-electron transistor  as a fast linear amplifier	2018	We demonstrate sensitive and fast electrical measurements of a carbonnanotube mechanical resonator. The nanotube is configured as a single-electrontransistor, whose conductance is a sensitive transducer for its owndisplacement. Using an impedance-matching circuit followed by a cryogenicamplifier, the vibrations can be monitored in real time. The sensitivity ofthis continuous displacement measurement approaches within a factor 470 of thestandard quantum limit.
Non-Reciprocal Hyperbolic Propagation over Moving Metasurfaces	2018	Hyperbolic propagation offers exciting opportunities in nanophotonics, fromsub-diffraction imaging to enhanced local density of states. This transportregime is typically induced by strong modulation of conductivity, i.e., withalternating metallic and dielectric material properties. Here, we analyze amoving impedance surface, showing that suitably tailored homogeneousmetasurfaces can support one-way hyperbolic propagation when in motion, addingnon-reciprocity to hyperbolic propagation phenomena, and without suffering fromnonlocal effects stemming from discretization or finite granularity of thesurface.
Al-Cu-Fe quasicrystals as anode of lithium ion battery	2018	In this paper, Al-Cu-Fe quasicrystal alloy was used as anode material oflithium-ion batteries. The first specific discharge capacity of quasicrystalwas 204mAh/g. Cyclic voltammetry showed that oxidation peak of Al-Cu-Fequasicrystal was at about 1.4V. The reduction peak was at 0.3V. Al-Cu-Fequasicrystal have higher Li-ion diffusion impedance and Warburg in the firstcycle. X-ray diffraction analysis demonstrate that Li atom enter intoquasicrystal structure can not fully leave quasicrytal during firstcharge/discharge cycle which induce the irreversible capacity.
Crossover to negative dielectric constant in perovskite PrMnO3	2018	Negative dielectric constant materials, once an incumbrance for physicists,are now the stockpiles of unique optical and microwave devices that will alsoavoid complex geometries. We report the observation of temperature dependentnegative dielectric constant (NDC) above 503 K in the perovskite PrMnO3,confirmed through impedance spectroscopy, obeying classical Drude theory. Theprinciple behind the associated negative dielectric loss is explained using theAxelrod mechanism.
Phototransistor-like Light Controllable IoT Sensor based on  Series-connected RGB LEDs	2018	An IoT optical sensor based on the series-connected RGB LEDs is designed,which exhibits the light-controllable optical-to-electrical response like aphototransistor. The IoT sensor has the maximal AC and DC responsivities to theviolet light mixed by blue and red light. Its responsivity to the blue light isprogrammable by the impinging red or green light. A theoretical model based onthe light-dependent impedance is developed to interpret its noveloptoelectronic response. Such IoT sensor can simultaneously serve as thetransmitter and the receiver in the IoT optical communication network, thussignificantly reduces the system complexity.
Atomistic origin of glass-like Zn4Sb3 thermal conductivity	2018	Zinc antimony stands out among thermoelectrics because of its very lowlattice thermal conductivity, close to the amorphous limit. Understanding thephysical reason behind such an unusual crystal property is of fundamentalinterest for the design of new thermoelectric materials. In this work we reportthe results of atomistic computer simulations on experimentally determinedbeta-Zn4Sb3 structures. We find a remarkably anharmonic behavior of Zn atomsthat could be responsible for the low thermal conductivity of Zn4Sb3: theirmovement, better explained as diffusive, does not contribute to thermalconduction. Moreover, phonon transport is impeded by a lack of coupling betweenZn and Sb atoms in crystalline positions.
Graphene-based Tunable Dual-Band Absorbers by Ribbon/Disk Array	2018	This article presents two dual-band absorbers based on graphene onedimensional (1D) / two dimensional (2D) patterned arrays in the THzfrequencies. In comparison to the previous work, the structure of the proposeddevice is very simple. Most dual-band absorbers are based on mixing resonancesof resonators with different sizes inside the structure. In this paper, theproposed absorber is based on the arrays of one element. Dualcapacitive-inductive nature of the graphene patterned array and the impedancematching condition are used to achieve two resonance bands with perfectabsorption by adjusting the graphene properties.
Aggregation and Embedding for Group Membership Verification	2018	This paper proposes a group membership verification protocol preventing thecurious but honest server from reconstructing the enrolled signatures andinferring the identity of querying clients. The protocol quantizes thesignatures into discrete embeddings, making reconstruction difficult. It alsoaggregates multiple embeddings into representative values, impedingidentification. Theoretical and experimental results show the trade-off betweenthe security and the error rates.
Efficient Numerical Method for Models Driven by Lvy Process via  Hierarchical Matrices	2018	Modeling via fractional partial differential equations or a L\'evy processhas been an active area of research and has many applications. However, thelack of efficient numerical computation methods for general nonlocal operatorsimpedes people from adopting such modeling tools. We proposed an efficientsolver for the convection-diffusion equation whose operator is theinfinitesimal generator of a L\'evy process based on $\mathcal{H}$-matrixtechnique. The proposed Crank Nicolson scheme is unconditionally stable and hasa theoretical $\mathcal{O}(h^2+\Delta t^2)$ convergence rate. The$\mathcal{H}$-matrix technique has theoretical $\mathcal{O}(N)$ space andcomputational complexity compared to $\mathcal{O}(N^2)$ and $\mathcal{O}(N^3)$respectively for the direct method. Numerical experiments demonstrate theefficiency of the new algorithm.
Structure and dielectric properties of Ba$_2$Cu$_x$Y$_{1-x}$TaO$_{6-y}$  double perovskite	2019	In this paper, we reported the effect of Cu doping on the structural anddielectric properties of Ba$_2$Y$_{1-x}$Cu$_x$TaO$_{6-y}$ (0.00 $\leq$ x $\leq$0.50) ceramics at room temperature. The Copper for Yttrium substitution reducesthe sintering temperature and leads to structural changes in the Ba$_2$YTaO$_6$rock-salt crystalline structure. Dielectric permittivity and complex impedancespectroscopy measurements suggested enhancement of the dielectric constant andoccurrence of interfacial Maxwell-Wagner polarization.
Distribution Grid Admittance Estimation with Limited Non-Synchronized  Measurements	2019	In this paper, we propose a method for estimating radial distribution gridadmittance matrix using a limited number of measurement devices. Neithersynchronized three-phase measurements nor phasor measurements are required.After making several practical assumptions, the method estimates evenimpedances of lines which have no local measurement devices installed. Thecomputational complexity of the proposed method is low, and this makes itpossible to use for on-line applications. The effectiveness of the proposedmethod is tested using data from a real-world distribution grid in Vienna,Austria.
Dynamic spin-charge coupling: spin Hall magnetoresistance in  non-magnetic conductors	2019	The dynamic coupling between spin and charge currents in non-magneticconductors is considered. As a consequence of this coupling, the spin dynamicsis directly reflected in the electrical impedance of the sample, with arelevant frequency scale defined by spin relaxation and spin diffusion. Thisallows the observation of the electron spin resonance by purely electricalmeasurements.
A Bioimpedance Measurement System for Pulse Wave Analysis	2019	The morphology and velocity of the pulse wave in the arteries providemeaningful information about the cardiovascular system. Nowadays, the pulsewave is usually acquired using common blood pressure cuffs at the extremities.This work describes a new measurement device which detects changes inbioimpedance due to the pulse wave. The system is able to measure up to 1000bioimpedances per second with a resolution of 24 bits. For comparison purposes,an additional synchronized photoplethysmography circuit is implemented. Initialmeasurements proved that the system is able to acquire the pulse wave at theforearm.
Two-phase flow regime prediction using LSTM based deep recurrent neural  network	2019	Long short-term memory (LSTM) and recurrent neural network (RNN) has achievedgreat successes on time-series prediction. In this paper, a methodology ofusing LSTM-based deep-RNN for two-phase flow regime prediction is proposed,motivated by previous research on constructing deep RNN. The method is featuredwith fast response and accuracy. The built RNN networks are trained and testedwith time-series void fraction data collected using impedance void meter. Theresult shows that the prediction accuracy depends on the depth of network andthe number of layer cells. However, deeper and larger network consumes moretime in predicting.
Unsupervised Deep Learning Algorithm for PDE-based Forward and Inverse  Problems	2019	We propose a neural network-based algorithm for solving forward and inverseproblems for partial differential equations in unsupervised fashion. Thesolution is approximated by a deep neural network which is the minimizer of acost function, and satisfies the PDE, boundary conditions, and additionalregularizations. The method is mesh free and can be easily applied to anarbitrary regular domain. We focus on 2D second order elliptical system withnon-constant coefficients, with application to Electrical Impedance Tomography.
Infinite-dimensional inverse problems with finite measurements	2019	We present a general framework to study uniqueness, stability andreconstruction for infinite-dimensional inverse problems when only afinite-dimensional approximation of the measurements is available. For a largeclass of inverse problems satisfying Lipschitz stability we show that the sameestimate holds even with a finite number of measurements. We also derive aglobally convergent reconstruction algorithm based on the Landweber iteration.This theory applies to nonlinear ill-posed problems such as electricalimpedance tomography, inverse scattering and quantitative photoacoustictomography, under the assumption that the unknown belongs to afinite-dimensional subspace.
Evolutionary Computation and AI Safety: Research Problems Impeding  Routine and Safe Real-world Application of Evolution	2019	Recent developments in artificial intelligence and machine learning havespurred interest in the growing field of AI safety, which studies how toprevent human-harming accidents when deploying AI systems. This paper thusexplores the intersection of AI safety with evolutionary computation, to showhow safety issues arise in evolutionary computation and how understanding fromevolutionary computational and biological evolution can inform the broaderstudy of AI safety.
The Bilinear Strategy for Caldern's Problem	2019	Electrical Impedance Imaging would suffer a serious obstruction if for twodifferent conductivities the potential and current measured at the boundarywere the same. The Calder\'on's problem is to decide whether the conductivityis indeed uniquely determined by the data at the boundary. In $\mathbb{R}^d$,for $d=5,6$, we show that uniqueness holds when the conductivity is in$W^{1+\frac{d-5}{2p}+, p}(\Omega)$, for $d\le p <\infty$. This improves onrecent results of Haberman, and of Ham, Kwon and Lee. The main novelty of theproof is an extension of Tao's bilinear Theorem.
On Using Signal Magnitude in Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Measurements  of Restricted Motion	2019	Tissue microstructure has significance as a biomarker, however its accurateinference with diffusion magnetic resonance (MR) is still an open problem. Withfew exceptions, diffusion weighted (DW) MR models either process diffusion MRdata using signal magnitude, whereby microstructural information is forcefullyconfined to symmetry due to Fourier transform properties, or directly usesymmetric basis expansions.  Herein, information loss from magnitude utilization is demonstrated bynumerically simulating particles undergoing diffusion near a fully reflectiveinfinite wall and an orthogonal corner.  Simulation results show that the loss of the Hermitian property when usingsignal magnitude impedes DW--MR from accurately inferring microstructuralinformation in both of the geometries.
Q-factor and bandwidth of periodic antenna arrays over ground plane	2019	In this paper, the Q-factor expression for periodic arrays over a groundplane is determined in terms of the electric current density within the array'sunit cell. The expression accounts for the exact shape of the array element.The Q-factor formula includes integration only over a volume of an element in aunit cell, and can thus be efficiently implemented numerically. The examplesshow good agreement between the proposed Q-factor, the full-wave-calculatedtuned fractional bandwidth, and the input-impedance-based formula by Yaghjianand Best (2005) for the array of tilted dipoles and the loops array.
Topological Photonic States at a 1-D Binary-Quaternary Interface	2019	The existence of topological interface states is investigated at the boundarybetween a binary photonic crystal and a quaternary photonic crystal, with eachpossessing inversion symmetric unit cells. Conditions are established thatdescribe where the quaternary crystal can exist in parameter space subject toconstraints. The closing of band gaps is discussed for different optical pathratios. When the binary and quaternary crystals share an interface, opticalstates appear at the interface when the two crystals have different signs forthe surface impedance. The evolution of the states is displayed as the geometryof the quaternary crystal changes.
Well-posedness of linear first order Port-Hamiltonian Systems on  multidimensional spatial domains	2019	We consider a port-Hamiltonian system on a spatial domain $\Omega \subseteq\mathbb{R}^n$ that is bounded with Lipschitz boundary. We show that there is aboundary triple associated to this system. Hence, we can characterize allboundary conditions that provide unique solutions that are non-increasing inthe Hamiltonian. As a by-product we develop the theory of quasi Gelfandtriples. Adding ``natural'' boundary controls and boundary observations yieldsscattering/impedance passive boundary control systems. This framework can beapplied to the wave equation, Maxwell equations and Mindlin plate model, andprobably many more.
Machine Learning for high speed channel optimization	2019	Design of printed circuit board (PCB) stack-up requires the consideration ofcharacteristic impedance, insertion loss and crosstalk. As there are manyparameters in a PCB stack-up design, the optimization of these parameters needsto be efficient and accurate. A less optimal stack-up would lead to expensivePCB material choices in high speed designs. In this paper, an efficient globaloptimization method using parallel and intelligent Bayesian optimization isproposed for the stripline design.
On Polynomial Stability of Coupled Partial Differential Equations in 1D	2019	We study the well-posedness and asymptotic behaviour of selected PDE-PDE andPDE-ODE systems on one-dimensional spatial domains, namely a boundary coupledwave-heat system and a wave equation with a dynamic boundary condition. Weprove well-posedness of the models and derive rational decay rates for theenergy using an approach where the coupled systems are formulated as feedbackinterconnections of impedance passive regular linear systems.
Slowdown of group velocity in periodic waveguides	2019	We consider the propagation of acoustic waves in a one-dimensional periodictwo-component material. We derive an explicit formula for the group velocityand determine its minimum value. We provide accurate asymptotic formulas forthe minimum group velocity as a function of the properties of the constituentmaterials when the concentration of scatterers is small or the characteristicimpedances of the two media differ substantially. We show that considerableslowdown of the group velocity is caused not by resonant phenomena orlocalization but rather by very strong scattering and destructive interferenceof the waves.
"Reply to ""Comment on 'Apical charge flux-modulated in-plane transport  properties of cuprate superconductors'"""	2020	This Reply to preceding Comment of arXiv:1909.09867 shows why the statementsin the Comment are misleading. We point out that our physical picture andtheirs are fundamentally different, therefore the claim of using theircorrelation to include ours shows a very limited physical relevance, whichinstead may impede the precise understanding of either of the two pictures.
Scan Correlation -- Revealing distributed scan campaigns	2020	Public networks are exposed to port scans from the Internet. Attackers searchfor vulnerable services they can exploit. In large scan campaigns, attackersoften utilize different machines to perform distributed scans, which impedestheir detection and might also camouflage the actual goal of the scanningcampaign. In this paper, we present a correlation algorithm to detect scans,identify potential relations among them, and reassemble them to largercampaigns. We evaluate our approach on real-world Internet traffic and ourresults indicate that it can summarize and characterize standalone anddistributed scan campaigns based on their tools and intention.
Control-flow Flattening Preserves the Constant-Time Policy (Extended  Version)	2020	Obfuscating compilers protect a software by obscuring its meaning andimpeding the reconstruction of its original source code. The typical concernwhen defining such compilers is their robustness against reverse engineeringand the performance of the produced code. Little work has been done in studyingwhether the security properties of a program are preserved under obfuscation.In this paper we start addressing this problem: we consider control-flowflattening, a popular obfuscation technique used in industrial compilers, and aspecific security policy, namely constant-time. We prove that this obfuscationpreserves the policy, i.e., that every program satisfying the policy still doesafter the transformation.
Electrically small matched antennas with time-periodic and space-uniform  modulation	2020	A conceptual method to match the impedance of an electrically small antennais discussed, based on a $\lambda/4$ section of a transmission line with shuntcapacitance periodically modulated in time but uniform in space. A secondaryantenna, excited by an incident ancillary UHF plane wave, is used to achievespace-uniform modulation of a distributed varcapacitor array across thetransmission line. In this way, the system can support travelling waves withvery small frequency but retains small (microwave) wavelength and consequentlypractical size.
Study of collective effects in the CERN FCC-ee top-up booster	2020	The CERN FCC-ee top-up booster synchrotron will accelerate electrons andpositrons from an injection energy of 20 GeV up to an extraction energy between45.6 GeV and 182.5 GeV depending on the operation mode. These accelerated beamswill be used for the initial filling of the high-luminosity FCC-ee collider andfor keeping the beam current constant over time using continuous top-upinjection. Due to the high-intensities of the circulating beams, collectiveeffects may represent a limitation in the top-up booster. In this work wepresent a first evaluation of the impedance model and the effects on beamdynamics. Methods to mitigate possible instabilities will be also discussed.
Separable and Semiparametric Network-based Counting Processes applied to  the International Combat Aircraft Trades	2020	We propose a novel tie-oriented model for longitudinal event network data.The generating mechanism is assumed to be a multivariate Poisson process thatgoverns the onset and repetition of yearly observed events with two separateintensity functions. We apply the model to a network obtained from the numberof international deliveries of combat aircraft trades between 1950 and 2017.Based on a modified trade gravity approach we identify economic and politicalfactors impeding or lightening the number of transfers. Extensive dynamics aswell as country heterogeneity require the specification of semiparametrictime-varying effects as well as random effects.
FEM-BEM mortar coupling for the Helmholtz problem in three dimensions	2020	We present a FEM-BEM coupling strategy for time-harmonic acoustic scatteringin media with variable sound speed. The coupling is realized with the aid of amortar variable that is an impedance trace on the coupling boundary. Theresulting sesquilinear form is shown to satisfy a Garding inequality.Quasi-optimal convergence is shown for sufficiently fine meshes. Numericalexamples confirm the theoretical convergence results.
Thermal conductivity of porous polycrystalline PbTe	2020	The efficiency of thermoelectric materials is enhanced by lowering theirthermal conductivity. At intermediate temperatures, PbTe is one of the mostpromising materials. Grain boundaries can lower its inherently low thermalconductivity by scattering and confining phonons. Using a phase-field modelparametrized by molecular dynamics, we find that in the porous material thethermal conductivity of PbTe is reduced by up to 35 % at low temperatures. Weobserve that a phase transition at a finite density of voids governs thekinetics of impeding grain growth by Zener pinning.
Fossil HII Regions: Self-Limiting Star Formation at High Redshift	2003	Recent results by the WMAP satellite suggest that the intergalactic mediumwas significantly reionized at redshifts as high as z~17. At this early epoch,the first ionizing sources likely appeared in the shallow potential wells ofmini-halos with virial temperatures T < 10^4 K. Once such an ionizing sourceturns off, its surrounding HII region Compton cools and recombines.Nonetheless, we show that the ``fossil'' HII regions left behind remain at highadiabats, prohibiting gas accretion and cooling in subsequent generations ofmini-halos. Thus, early star formation is self-limiting. We quantify thiseffect to show that star formation in mini-halos cannot account for the bulk ofthe electron scattering opacity measured by WMAP, which must be due to moremassive objects. We argue that gas entropy, rather than IGM metallicity,regulates the evolution of the global ionizing emissivity, and impedes fullreionization until lower redshifts. We discuss several important consequencesof this early entropy floor for reionization. It reduces gas clumping,curtailing the required photon budget for reionization. An entropy floor alsoprevents H2 formation and cooling, due to reduced gas densities: it greatlyenhances feedback from UV photodissociation of H2. An early X-ray backgroundwould also furnish an entropy floor to the entire IGM; thus, X-rays impederather than enhance H2 formation. Future 21cm observations may probe thetopology of fossil HII regions.
Asymptotic Analysis of Diffuse-Layer Effects on Time-Dependent  Interfacial Kinetics	2000	We investigate the subtle effects of diffuse charge on interfacial kineticsby solving the governing equations for ion transport (Nernst-Planck) withrealistic boundary conditions representing reaction kinetics (Butler-Volmer)and compact-layer capacitance (Stern) in the asymptotic limit $\epsilon =\lambda_D/L \to 0$, where $\lambda_D$ is the Debye screening length and $L$ isthe distance between the working and counter electrodes. Using the methods ofsingular perturbation theory, we derive the leading-order steady-state responseto a nonzero applied current in the case of the oxidation of a neutral speciesinto cations, without any supporting electrolyte. In certain parameter regimes,the theory predicts a reaction-limited current smaller than the classicaldiffusion-limited current. We also analyze the impedance of the electrochemicalcell when a small AC current modulation is added to an applied DC current. Atsufficiently high AC frequencies, the Maxwell displacement current is found toexceed the Faradaic conduction current, and experimentally observed ``negativeimpedances'' (out of phase AC voltage responses) are predicted close to thereaction-limited current. Overall, we demonstrate that the dynamics of diffusecharge plays a fundamental role in nonequilibrium surface reactions when thetransport of one of the reacting species is coupled to the total interfacialreponse of the compact and diffuse layers.
Dynamics vs electronic states of vortex core of high-T_c superconductors  investigated by high-frequency impedance measurement	2001	Dynamics of vortices reflects the electronic states of quasiparticles in thecore. To understand this, we investigated the following three issues. (1) Weinvestigated the complex surface impedance, Zs, of YBa2Cu3Oy as a function ofmagnetic field, H. The total features were well expressed by the Coffey-Clemmodel. From the data, we estimated the viscosity and pinning frequency, whichwere found to be independent of frequency. In particular, the obtainedviscosity definitely shows that the core of vortex of YBa2Cu3Oy is moderatelyclean. This result suggests that new physics will show up, for the physics ofquantum moderately clean vortex core is unknown at all. (2) An anomaly found inthe surface reactance at the first order transition (FOT) of vortex lattice wasinvestigated in Bi2Sr2CaCu2Oy with various doping levels. As a result, theanomaly was found only in the samples exhibiting the FOT. On the other hand, wedid not observe the anomaly in YBa2Cu3Oy. These suggest that the anomaly is dueto the change in the electronic states of the vortices characteristic ofmaterials with very strong anisotropy. (3) We measured H dependence of both thethermal conductivity \kappa(H) and Zs(H) in exactly the same pieces of crystal.We could not find any anomaly in Zs(H) even at the onset of the plateau. Thisresult suggests that the origin of the plateau in \kappa(H) is not a drasticphase transition but is rather gradual crossover.
Electrodynamic response of MgB2 sintered pellets and thin films	2001	We present a study of the electrodynamic response of MgB2 pellets and thinfilm samples exhibiting critical temperatures ranging between 26 and 38 K. Wehave performed accurate measurements of the surface impedance ZS =RS+iXS as afunction of the temperature and of the magnitude of the electromagnetic field.The temperature variation and the field dependence of ZS was measured by adielectric resonator cavity technique in the microwave region. In particular,the temperature variation of the magnetic penetration depth was also determinedin the RF region by a single coil mutual inductance method. In the case of thefilms, for T<TC/2 a clear exponential behavior of the penetration depth isobserved, which can be explained by a simple BCS s-wave model with a reducedvalue of the energy gap. On the contrary, pellets show no evidence ofsaturation, and the experimental results strictly follow a quadratic dependencedown to the lowest temperatures. This behavior can be induced by the presenceof metallic Mg inclusions that may locally depress the gap. The analysis of thefield dependence of the surface impedance in the microwave region confirms thatthe electrodynamic response of MgB2 is dominated by different sources ofdissipation, depending on the sample history, likely to be ascribed to thepredominance of grain boundaries or normal regions on its surface.
Stress effect on magnetoimpedance (MI) in amorphous wires at GHz  frequencies and application to stress-tunable microwave composite materials	2004	The effect of tensile stress on magnetoimpedance (MI) in CoMnSiB amorphouswires at microwave frequencies (0.5-3 GHz) is investigated both experimentallyand theoretically. In the presence of the dc bias magnetic field of the orderof the anisotropy field, the impedance shows very large and sensitive changewhen the wire is subjected to a tensile stress: 100% and 60% per 180 MPa forfrequencies 500 MHz and 2.5 GHz, respectively. It is demonstrated that thisbehavior owes mainly to the directional change in the equilibrium magnetizationcaused by the applied stress and field, which agrees well with the theoreticalresults for the surface impedance. This stress effect on MI is proposed to usefor creating microwave stress-tunable composite materials containing shortmagnetic wires. The analysis of the dielectric response from such materialsshows that depending on the stress level in the material, the dispersion of theeffective permittivity can be of a resonant or relaxation type with aconsiderable change in its values (up to 100% at 600 MPa). This media can beused for structural stress monitoring by microwave contrast imaging.
Correlation of microwave surface impedance of MgB_2 thin film with  material parameters and a temperature niche for microwave applications	2004	Two issues related to the microwave surface impedance Z_s of MgB_2 thin filmare discussed in this Letter, both being significant for potential microwaveapplications. At first, a correlation between Zs and Alpha = Xi/l was found,where Xi is the coherence length, and l is the mean free path. The surfaceresistance Rs decreases with Alpha at moderate and large values of Alpha andsaturates when Alpha approaches one. The values of the penetration depth atzero temperature Lamda(0) for different films could be well fitted by Lamda_L(1+Alpha)^(1/2), yielding a London penetration depth Lamda_L of 33.6 nm. Thesecond issue is to find a temperature niche for possible microwaveapplications. Between 10K and 15K, our best MgB_2 films possess the lowest Rsvalues compared with other superconductors such as NbN, Nb3Sn and thehigh-temperature superconductor YBCO.
Two-Peak Temperature Dependence of the Microwave Surface Impedance in  Single-Crystalline YBCO Films	2004	Temperature dependencies of microwave surface impedance were measured forperfect c-oriented YBCO thin films deposited on CeO2-buffered sapphiresubstrates. The measurements revealed a distinct two-peak structure of Rs(T)and Xs(T) dependencies with peaks at 28-30 K and 50 K. The peaks become smearedat higher frequencies as well as in applied dc magnetic field about 1 kOe,while the peak positions remain almost unchanged. For less perfect, e.g., PLDfilms, Rs(T) and Xs(T) dependencies are monotonous (power law). The two-peakZs(T)dependencies for YBCO films differ from those for high quality YBCO singlecrystals, where only one much broader frequency-dependent peak of Rs(T) wasdetected earlier. The two-peak Zs(T) behavior is believed to be an intrinsicelectron property of extremely perfect quasi-single-crystalline YBCO films. Atheoretical model is suggested to explain the observed anomalous Zs(T)behavior. The model is based on the Boltzman kinetic equation forquasiparticles in layered HTS cuprates. It takes into account the supposeds+d-wave symmetry of electron pairing and strong energy dependent relaxationtime of quasiparticles, determined mainly by their elastic scattering onextended defects parallel to the c-axis (e.g., c-oriented dislocations and twinboundaries).
Dielectric resonances in disordered media	2004	Binary disordered systems are usually obtained by mixing two ingredients invariable proportions: conductor and insulator, or conductor andsuper-conductor. and are naturally modeled by regular bi-dimensional ortri-dimensional lattices, on which sites or bonds are chosen randomly withgiven probabilities. In this article, we calculate the impedance of thecomposite by two independent methods: the so-called spectral method, whichdiagonalises Kirchhoff's Laws via a Green function formalism, and the ExactNumerical Renormalization method (ENR). These methods are applied to mixturesof resistors and capacitors (R-C systems), simulating e.g. ionicconductor-insulator systems, and to composites consituted of resistiveinductances and capacitors (LR-C systems), representing metal inclusions in adielectric bulk. The frequency dependent impedances of the latter compositespresent very intricate structures in the vicinity of the percolation threshold.We analyse the LR-C behavior of compounds formed by the inclusion of smallconducting clusters (``$n$-legged animals'') in a dielectric medium. Weinvestigate in particular their absorption spectra who present a pattern ofsharp lines at very specific frequencies of the incident electromagnetic field,the goal being to identify the signature of each animal. This enables us tomake suggestions of how to build compounds with specific absorption ortransmission properties in a given frequency domain.
Accurate Measurements of the Intrinsic Surface Impedance of Thin YBCO  Films Using a Modified Two-tone Resonator Method	2005	We propose a modified two-tone method that could be used for sensitivemeasurements of the intrinsic microwave surface impedance (Zs) of thinsuperconductor films and the tand of a low-loss dielectric. An open-gapresonator scheme is used to measure the penetration depth of thinsuperconductor films and extract the intrinsic Zs of the superconductor filmsfrom its measured effective surface resistance and penetration depth. We use avery small gap of 10 um between the top plate and the rest parts of theresonator. The loss tangent of rutile in the low 10^-7 range and the dielectricconstant as high as ~110 are observed at temperatures below 10 K at ~15.2 GHz,which enable to measure the Rs of the 10 mm-in-diameter YBCO films as low as\~100 micro-ohm at the same frequency (f). The discrepancy between theeffective surface resistance at ~15.2 GHz and that at ~8.5 GHz scaled to ~15.2GHz appears less than 6 % when the relations of Rs ~ f^2 and loss tangent ~ fare used. We describe usefulness of our measurement method for measuring theintrinsic microwave properties of various superconductor samples.
Josephson junction decoupling is the main origin of AC resistivity in  the superconducting state	2005	The origin of AC resistivity in the high Tc superconductors is not addressedadequately in literature. We found out, Josephson Junction (JJ) decoupling isthe main origin of the AC resistivity in high Tc superconductors. We havemeasured the AC resistivity in the superconductors in the low frequency rangeby measuring the complex AC impedance of superconducting YBa2Cu3O7 (YBCO)polycrystalline samples. Our data shows that under certain conditions when thenumber density of Josephson Junctions (JJ) present in the sample and the JJcritical current crosses a threshold value, AC resistivity in thesuperconducting state keeps on increasing with lowering temperature. Theunderlying mechanism is an interesting interplay of JJ coupling energy,amplitude of the supply AC voltage and the current applied to thesuperconducting sample. The effect of the applied AC current of differentfrequencies and the variation of temperature were studied in detail. To findout the exact relation between the JJ coupling energy, JJ number density,applied AC frequency, the amplitude of AC current and the AC resistivity in thesuperconductors, we have studied samples of different grain sizes, pressurizedwith different pressure and sintered at different physical situations. Theseresults have important implications for the understanding of the origin of ACresistivity and characterization of superconducting samples. In this paper wealso extend the capability of the AC impedance studies in superconductors forthe characterization of materials for device applications.
Generation of second harmonic in off-diagonal magneto-impedance in  Co-based amorphous ribbons	2005	The off-diagonal magneto-impedance in Co-based amorphous ribbons was measuredusing a pick-up coil wound around the sample. The ribbons were annealed in airor in vacuum in the presence of a weak magnetic field. The evolution of thefirst and second harmonics in the pick-up coil voltage as a function of thecurrent amplitude was studied. At low current amplitudes, the first harmonicdominates in the frequency spectrum of the voltage, and at sufficiently highcurrent amplitudes, the amplitude of the second harmonic becomes higher thanthat of the first harmonic. For air-annealed ribbons, the asymmetric two-peakbehaviour of the field dependences of the harmonic amplitudes was observed,which is related to the coupling between the amorphous phase and surfacecrystalline layers appearing after annealing. For vacuum-annealed samples, thefirst harmonic has a maximum at zero external field, and the field dependenceof the second harmonic exhibits symmetric two-peak behaviour. The experimentalresults are interpreted in terms of a quasi-static rotational model. It isshown that the appearance of the second harmonic in the pick-up coil voltage isrelated to the anti-symmetrical distribution of the transverse field induced bythe current. The calculated dependences are in a qualitative agreement with theexperimental data.
Ferromagnetic Wires Composite Media with Tunable Scattering Spectra at  Microwaves	2006	We demonstrate composite media with ferromagnetic wires that exhibit afrequency region at the microwave regime with scattering spectra stronglydependent on an external magnetic field or stress. These tunable compositematerials have recently been proposed theoretically; however, no directexperimental verification has been reported. We used composite materials withpredominantly oriented CoFeCrSiB glass-coated amorphous wires having largemagnetoimpedance at GHz frequencies. The free space measurements of reflectionand transmission coefficients were conducted in the frequency range 1-8 GHz inthe presence of an external static magnetic field or stress applied to thewhole sample. In general, the transmission spectra show greater changes in therange of 10dB for a relatively small magnetic field of few Oe or stress of 0.1MPa. The obtained results are quantitatively consistent with the analyticalexpressions predicted by the effective medium arguments. The incidentelectromagnetic wave induces an electrical dipole moment in each wire, theaggregate of which forms the effective dipole response of the whole compositestructure in the radiative near or far field region. The field and stressdependences of the effective response arise from a field or tensile stresssensitivity of the ac surface impedance of a ferromagnetic wire. In thevicinity of the antenna resonance the variations in the magneto-impedance ofthe wire inclusions result in large changes of the total effective response. Anumber of applications of proposed materials is discussed including the fieldtunable microwave surfaces and the self-sensing media for the remotenon-destructive evaluation of structural materials.
On High Explosive Launching of Projectiles for Shock Physics Experiments	2007	The hydrodynamic operation of the `Forest Flyer' type of explosive launchingsystem for shock physics projectiles was investigated in detail using one- andtwo-dimensional continuum dynamics simulations. The simulations wereinsensitive to uncertainties in the material properties, and reproducedmeasurements of the projectile. The most commonly-used variant, with an Alalloy case, was predicted to produce a slightly curved projectile, subjected tosome shock heating, and likely exhibiting some porosity from tensile damage.The flatness can be improved by using a case of lower shock impedance, such aspolymethyl methacrylate. High-impedance cases, including Al alloys but withdenser materials improving the launching efficiency, can be used if designedaccording to the physics of oblique shock reflection. The tensile stressinduced in the projectile depends on the relative thickness of the explosive,expansion gap, and projectile. The thinner the projectile with respect to theexplosive, the smaller the tensile stress. If the explosive is initiated with aplane wave lens, the tensile stress is lower than for initiation with multipledetonators over a plane. The previous plane wave lens designs did howeverinduce a tensile stress close to the spall strength of the projectile. Thetensile stress can be reduced by changes in the component thicknesses.Experiments to verify the operation of explosively-launched projectiles shouldattempt to measure porosity induced in the projectile: arrival timemeasurements may be insensitive to porous regions caused by damaged orrecollected material.
Electronic measurement and control of spin transport in Silicon	2007	The electron spin lifetime and diffusion length are transport parameters thatdefine the scale of coherence in spintronic devices and circuits. Since theseparameters are many orders of magnitude larger in semiconductors than inmetals, semiconductors could be the most suitable for spintronics. Thus far,spin transport has only been measured in direct-bandgap semiconductors or incombination with magnetic semiconductors, excluding a wide range ofnon-magnetic semiconductors with indirect bandgaps. Most notable in this groupis silicon (Si), which (in addition to its market entrenchment in electronics)has long been predicted a superior semiconductor for spintronics with enhancedlifetime and diffusion length due to low spin-orbit scattering and latticeinversion symmetry. Despite its exciting promise, a demonstration of coherentspin transport in Si has remained elusive, because most experiments focused onmagnetoresistive devices; these methods fail because of universal impedancemismatch obstacles, and are obscured by Lorentz magnetoresistance and Halleffects. Here we demonstrate conduction band spin transport across 10 micronsundoped Si, by using spin-dependent ballistic hot-electron filtering throughferromagnetic thin films for both spin-injection and detection. Not based onmagnetoresistance, the hot electron spin-injection and detection avoidsimpedance mismatch issues and prevents interference from parasitic effects. Theclean collector current thus shows independent magnetic and electrical controlof spin precession and confirms spin coherent drift in the conduction band ofsilicon.
Complete model of a spherical gravitational wave detector with  capacitive transducers. Calibration and sensitivity optimization	2006	We report the results of a detailed numerical analysis of a real resonantspherical gravitational wave antenna operating with six resonant two-modecapacitive transducers read out by superconducting quantum interference devices(SQUID) amplifiers. We derive a set of equations to describe theelectro-mechanical dynamics of the detector. The model takes into account theeffect of all the noise sources present in each transducer chain: the thermalnoise associated with the mechanical resonators, the thermal noise from thesuperconducting impedance matching transformer, the back-action noise and theadditive current noise of the SQUID amplifier. Asymmetries in the detectorsignal-to-noise ratio and bandwidth, coming from considering the transducersnot as point-like objects but as sensor with physically defined geometry anddimension, are also investigated. We calculate the sensitivity for anultracryogenic, 30 ton, 2 meter in diameter, spherical detector with optimaland non-optimal impedance matching of the electrical read-out scheme to themechanical modes. The results of the analysis is useful not only to optimizeexisting smaller mass spherical detector like MiniGrail, in Leiden, but also asa technological guideline for future massive detectors. Furthermore wecalculate the antenna patterns when the sphere operates with one, three and sixresonators. The sky coverage for two detectors based in The Netherlands andBrasil and operating in coincidence is also estimated. Finally, we describe andnumerically verify a calibration and filtering procedure useful for diagnosticand detection purposes in analogy with existing resonant bar detectors.
Local Characteristics, Entropy and Limit Theorems for Spanning Trees and  Domino Tilings via Transfer-Impedances	2004	Let G be a finite graph or an infinite graph on which Z^d acts with finitefundamental domain. If G is finite, let T be a random spanning tree chosenuniformly from all spanning trees of G; if G is infinite, known methods showthat this still makes sense, producing a random essential spanning forest of G.A method for calculating local characteristics (i.e. finite-dimensionalmarginals) of T from the transfer-impedance matrix is presented. This differsfrom the classical matrix-tree theorem in that only small pieces of the matrix(n-dimensional minors) are needed to compute small (n-dimensional) marginals.Calculation of the matrix entries relies on the calculation of the Green'sfunction for G, which is not a local calculation. However, it is shown how thecalculation of the Green's function may be reduced to a finite computation inthe case when G is an infinite graph admitting a Z^d-action with finitequotient. The same computation also gives the entropy of the law of T. Theseresults are applied to the problem of tiling certain lattices by dominos - theso-called dimer problem. Another application of these results is to provemodified versions of conjectures of Aldous on the limiting distribution ofdegrees of a vertex and on the local structure near a vertex of a uniformrandom spanning tree in a lattice whose dimension is going to infinity.Included is a generalization of moments to tree-valued random variables andcriteria for these generalized moments to determine a distribution.
A general realization theorem for matrix-valued Herglotz-Nevanlinna  functions	2005	New special types of stationary conservative impedance and scatteringsystems, the so-called non-canonical systems, involving triplets of Hilbertspaces and projection operators, are considered. It is established that everymatrix-valued Herglotz-Nevanlinna function of the formV(z)=Q+Lz+\int_{\dR}(\frac{1}{t-z}-\frac{t}{1+t^2})d\Sigma(t) can be realizedas a transfer function of such a new type of conservative impedance system. Inthis case it is shown that the realization can be chosen such that the main andthe projection operators of the realizing system satisfy a certaincommutativity condition if and only if L=0. It is also shown that $V(z)$ withan additional condition (namely, $L$ is invertible or L=0), can be realized asa linear fractional transformation of the transfer function of a non-canonicalscattering $F_+$-system. In particular, this means that every scalarHerglotz-Nevanlinna function can be realized in the above sense.  Moreover, the classical Livsic systems (Brodskii-Livsic operatorcolligations) can be derived from $F_+$-systems as a special case when $F_+=I$and the spectral measure $d\Sigma(t)$ is compactly supported. The realizationtheorems proved in this paper are strongly connected with, and complement therecent results by Ball and Staffans.
Impact of Ion Clearing Electrodes on Beam Dynamics in DAFNE	2007	Presently clearing electrodes are being considered as a possible cure ofe-cloud driven problems in existing and future colliders. 'Invisible'electrodes, made of a thin highly resistive layer pasted on a dielectric plate,have been proposed as one of design solutions for the e-cloud clearing. For thefirst time such electrodes were successfully used in the electron-positronaccumulator (EPA) of LEP. Similar electrodes had been using for a long time forion clearing purposes in the DAFNE electron ring. Theoretical considerationsand experimental measurements at DAFNE have revealed a substantial contributionof the ion clearing electrodes (ICE) to the machine broad-band impedance givingrise to several harmful effects degrading the collider performance. In thispaper we discuss the impact of the electrodes on DAFNE beam dynamics, show theresults of ICE wake field and impedance calculations and compare them withavailable experimental data. We also describe the procedure of ICE removal fromthe wiggler sections of the electron ring that has resulted in remarkableimprovements in terms of beam dynamics and geometric luminosity.
Novel constraints on light elementary particles and extra-dimensional  physics from the Casimir effect	2007	We present supplementary information on the recent indirect measurement ofthe Casimir pressure between two parallel plates using a micromachinedoscillator. The equivalent pressure between the plates is obtained by means ofthe proximity force approximation after measuring the force gradient between agold coated sphere and a gold coated plate. The data are compared with a newtheoretical approach to the thermal Casimir force based on the use of theLifshitz formula, combined with a generalized plasma-like dielectricpermittivity which takes into account interband transitions of core electrons.The theoretical Casimir pressures calculated using the new approach arecompared with those computed in the framework of the previously used impedanceapproach and also with the Drude model approach. The latter is shown to beexcluded by the data at a 99.9% confidence level within a wide separation rangefrom 210 to 620 nm. The level of agreement between the data and theoreticalapproaches based on the generalized plasma model, or the Leontovich surfaceimpedance, is used to set stronger constraints on the Yukawa forces predictedfrom the exchange of light elementary particles and/or extra-dimensionalphysics. The resulting constraints are the strongest in the interaction regionfrom 20 to 86 nm with a largest improvement by a factor of 4.4 at 26 nm.
Resistance without resistors: An anomaly	2007	The elementary 2-terminal network consisting of a resistively ($R-$) shuntedinductance ($L$) in series with a capacitatively ($C-$) shunted resistance($R$) with $R = \sqrt{L/C}$, is known for its non-dispersive dissipativeresponse, $i.e.,$ with the input impedance $Z_0(\omega) = R$, independent ofthe frequency ($\omega$). In this communication we examine the properties of anovel equivalent network derived iteratively from this 2-terminal network byreplacing everywhere the elemental resistive part $R$ with the whole 2-terminalnetwork. This replacement suggests a recursion $Z_{n+1}(\omega) =f(Z_n(\omega))$, with the recursive function $f(z) = (i\omega Lz/i\omega L + z)+ (z/1+i\omega Cz)$. The recursive map has two fixed points -- an unstablefixed point $Z_u^\star = 0$, and a stable fixed point $Z_s^\star = R$. Thus,resistances at the boundary terminating the infinitely iterated network can nowbe made arbitrarily small without changing the input impedance $Z_\infty (=R)$. This, therefore, leads to realizing in the limit $n\to\infty$ aneffectively dissipative network comprising essentially non-dissipative reactiveelements ($L$ and $C$) only. Hence the oxymoron -- resistance withoutresistors! This is best viewed as a classical anomaly akin to the oneencountered in turbulence. Possible application as a formal decoherence device-- the {\it fake channel} -- is briefly discussed for its quantum analogue.
Fuzzy Modeling of Electrical Impedance Tomography Image of the Lungs	2007	Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a functional imaging method that isbeing developed for bedside use in critical care medicine. Aiming at improvingthe chest anatomical resolution of EIT images we developed a fuzzy model basedon EIT high temporal resolution and the functional information contained in thepulmonary perfusion and ventilation signals. EIT data from an experimentalanimal model were collected during normal ventilation and apnea while aninjection of hypertonic saline was used as a reference . The fuzzy model waselaborated in three parts: a modeling of the heart, a pulmonary map fromventilation images and, a pulmonary map from perfusion images. Imagesegmentation was performed using a threshold method and a ventilation/perfusionmap was generated. EIT images treated by the fuzzy model were compared with thehypertonic saline injection method and CT-scan images, presenting good resultsin both qualitative (the image obtained by the model was very similar to thatof the CT-scan) and quantitative (the ROC curve provided an area equal to 0.93)point of view. Undoubtedly, these results represent an important step in theEIT images area, since they open the possibility of developing EIT-basedbedside clinical methods, which are not available nowadays. These achievementscould serve as the base to develop EIT diagnosis system for somelife-threatening diseases commonly found in critical care medicine.
Experimental evidence of an instability over an impedance wall in a duct  with flow	2008	An experimental investigation of the acoustical behaviour of a liner in arectangu- lar channel with grazing flow has been conducted. The liner consistsof a ceramic structure of parallel square channels: 1mm by 1 mm in crosssection, 65 mm in length, and a surface density of 400 channels/inch square.The channels are rigidly terminated, thus constituting a locally reactingstructure. In the absence of flow the liner reacts classically: There is asignificant decrease in transmission coefficient around the frequency ofminimal impedance. When the wall is exposed to a grazing flow this behaviour ischanged: an increase in transmission coefficient appears at this resonancefrequency. The transmission coefficient can be even rise above 1 (up to 3 for aMach number of 0.3). This behaviour is caused by the appearance of ahydrodynamic instability above the liner. Furthermore, the stationary pressuredrop induced by this liner is deeply affected by its acoustic behaviour. When asound wave is added, at the resonance frequency of the liner, the pressure dropcan increase by a factor 3 when the Mach number is 0.3. This effect isattributed to a modification of the turbulent boundary layer induced by theacoustic wave.
Nanoscale Electronic Inhomogeneity in In2Se3 Nanoribbons Revealed by  Microwave Impedance Microscopy	2009	Driven by interactions due to the charge, spin, orbital, and lattice degreesof freedom, nanoscale inhomogeneity has emerged as a new theme for materialswith novel properties near multiphase boundaries. As vividly demonstrated incomplex metal oxides and chalcogenides, these microscopic phases are of greatscientific and technological importance for research in high-temperaturesuperconductors, colossal magnetoresistance effect, phase-change memories, anddomain switching operations. Direct imaging on dielectric properties of theselocal phases, however, presents a big challenge for existing scanning probetechniques. Here, we report the observation of electronic inhomogeneity inindium selenide (In2Se3) nanoribbons by near-field scanning microwave impedancemicroscopy. Multiple phases with local resistivity spanning six orders ofmagnitude are identified as the coexistence of superlattice, simple hexagonallattice and amorphous structures with 100nm inhomogeneous length scale,consistent with high-resolution transmission electron microscope studies. Theatomic-force-microscope-compatible microwave probe is able to performquantitative sub-surface electronic study in a noninvasive manner. Finally, thephase change memory function in In2Se3 nanoribbon devices can be locallyrecorded with big signal of opposite signs.
Origin of Large Dielectric Constant with Large Remnant Polarization and  Evidence of Magnetoelectric Coupling in Multiferroic La modified  BiFeO3-PbTiO3 Solid Solution	2010	The presence of superlattice reflections and detailed analyses of the powderneutron and x-ray diffraction data reveal that La rich(BF$_{0.50}$-LF$_{0.50}$)$_{0.50}$-(PT)$_{0.50}$ (BF-LF-PT) has ferroelectricrhombohedral crystal structure with space group \textit{$R3c$} at ambientconditions. The temperature dependence of lattice parameters, tilt angle,calculated polarization $(P_{s})$, volume, and integrated intensity ofsuperlattice and magnetic reflections show an anomaly around 170 K. Impedancespectroscopy, dielectric and ac conductivity measurements were performed intemperature range $473K \leq T \leq 573K$ to probe the origin of large remnantpolarization and frequency dependent broad transitions with large dielectricconstant near $T_c^{FE}$. Results of impedance spectroscopy measurementsclearly show contributions of both grain and grain boundaries throughout thefrequency range ($10^{3}$ Hz$\leq f\leq 10^{7} $ Hz). It could be concludedthat the grain boundaries are more resistive and capacitive as compared to thegrains, resulting in inhomogeneities in the sample causing broad frequencydependent dielectric anomalies. Enhancement in dielectric constant and remnantpolarization values are possibly due to space charge polarization caused bypiling of charges at the interface of grains and grain boundaries. Theimaginary parts of dielectric constant ($\epsilon^{\prime\prime}$) Vs frequencydata were fitted using Maxwell-Wagner model at $T_c^{FE}(\sim 523$K) and modelfits very well with the data up to $10^{5}$ Hz. Magnetodielectric measurementsprove that the sample starts exhibiting magnetoelectric coupling at $\sim 170$K, which is also validated by neutron diffraction data.
Human olfactory receptor 17-40 as active part of a nanobiosensor: A  microscopic investigation of its electrical properties	2011	Increasing attention has been recently devoted to protein-basednanobiosensors. The main reason is the huge number of possible technologicalapplications, going from drug detection to cancer early diagnosis. Theiroperating model is based on the protein activation and the correspondingconformational change, due to the capture of an external molecule, theso-called ligand. Recent measurements, performed with different techniques onhuman 17-40 olfactory receptor, evidenced a very narrow window of response inrespect of the odour concentration. This is a crucial point for understandingwhether the use of this olfactory receptor as sensitive part of a nanobiosensoris a good choice. In this paper we investigate the topological and electricalproperties of the human olfactory receptor 17-40 with the objective ofproviding a microscopic interpretation of available experiments. To thispurpose, we model the protein by means of a graph able to capture the meanfeatures of the 3D backbone structure. The graph is then associated with anequivalent impedance network, able to evaluate the impedance spectra of theolfactory receptor, in its native and activated state. We assume a topologicalorigin of the different protein electrical responses to different ligandconcentrations: In this perspective all the experimental data are collected andinterpreted satisfactorily within a unified scheme, also useful for applicationto other proteins.
Surface Structural Disordering in Graphite upon Lithium  Intercalation/Deintercalation	2011	We report on the origin of the surface structural disordering in graphiteanodes induced by lithium intercalation and deintercalation processes. AverageRaman spectra of graphitic anodes reveal that cycling at potentials thatcorrespond to low lithium concentrations in LixC (0 \leq x < 0.16) isresponsible for most of the structural damage observed at the graphite surface.The extent of surface structural disorder in graphite is significantly reducedfor the anodes that were cycled at potentials where stage-1 and stage-2compounds (x > 0.33) are present. Electrochemical impedance spectra show largerinterfacial impedance for the electrodes that were fully delithiated duringcycling as compared to electrodes that were cycled at lower potentials (U <0.15 V vs. Li/Li+). Steep Li+ surface-bulk concentration gradients at thesurface of graphite during early stages of intercalation processes, and theinherent increase of the LixC d-spacing tend to induce local stresses at theedges of graphene layers, and lead to the breakage of C-C bonds. The exposedgraphite edge sites react with the electrolyte to (re)form the SEI layer, whichleads to gradual degradation of the graphite anode, and causes reversiblecapacity loss in a lithium-ion battery.
Near-field scanning microwave microscope for interline capacitance  characterization of nanoelectronics interconnect	2011	We have developed a noncontact method for measurement of the interlinecapacitance in Cu/low-k interconnect. It is based on a miniature test vehiclewith net capacitance of a few femto-Farads formed by two 20-\mu m-long parallelwires (lines) with widths and spacings the same as those of the interconnectwires of interest. Each line is connected to a small test pad. The vehicleimpedance is measured at 4 GHz by a near-field microwave probe with 10 \mu mprobe size via capacitive coupling of the probe to the vehicle's test pads.Full 3D finite element modeling at 4 GHz confirms that the microwave radiationis concentrated between the two wires forming the vehicle. An analytical lumpedelement model and a short/open calibration approach have been proposed toextract the interline capacitance value from the measured data. We havevalidated the technique on several test vehicles made with copper and low-kdielectric on a 300 mm wafer. The vehicles interline spacing ranges from 0.09to 1 \mu m and a copper line width is 0.15 \mu m. This is the first time anear-field scanning microwave microscope has been applied to measure the lumpedelement impedance of a test vehicle.
Strong back-action of a linear circuit on a single electronic quantum  channel	2011	What are the quantum laws of electricity in mesoscopic circuits? This veryfundamental question has also direct implications for the quantum engineeringof nanoelectronic devices. Indeed, when a quantum coherent conductor isinserted into a circuit, its transport properties are modified. In particular,its conductance is reduced because of the circuit back-action. This phenomenon,called environmental Coulomb blockade, results from the granularity of chargetransfers across the coherent conductor. Although extensively studied for atunnel junction in a linear circuit, it is only fully understood for arbitraryshort coherent conductors in the limit of small circuit impedances and smallconductance reduction. Here, we investigate experimentally the strongback-action regime, with a conductance reduction of up to 90%. This is achievedby embedding a single quantum channel of tunable transmission in an adjustableon-chip circuit of impedance comparable to the resistance quantum $R_K=h/e^2$at microwave frequencies. The experiment reveals important deviations fromcalculations performed in the weak back-action framework, and matches withrecent theoretical results. From these measurements, we propose a generalizedexpression for the conductance of an arbitrary quantum channel embedded in alinear circuit.
Relativistic Poynting-Flux Jets as Transmission Lines	2012	"Recent radio emission, polarization, and Faraday rotation maps of the radiojet of the galaxy 3C 303 have shown that one knot of this jet has a {\itgalactic}-scale electric current of $\sim 3\times 10^{18}$ Amp\`ere flowingalong the jet axis (Kronberg et al. 2011). We develop the theory ofrelativistic Poynting-flux jets which are modeled as a transmission linecarrying a DC current $I_0$, having a potential drop $V_0$, and a definiteimpedance ${\cal Z}_0 =90(u_z/c)\Omega$, where $u_z$ is the bulk velocity ofthe jet plasma. The electromagnetic energy flow in the jet is ${\cal Z}_0I_0^2$. The observed current in 3C 303 can be used to calculate theelectromagnetic energy flow in this magnetically dominated jet. Time-dependentbut not necessarily small perturbations of a Poynting-flux jet - possiblytriggered by a gas cloud penetrating the jet - are described by ""telegrapher'sequations,"" which predict the propagation speed of disturbances and theeffective wave impedance ${\cal Z}$. The disturbance of a Poynting jet by thecloud gives rise to localized dissipation in the jet which may explain theenhanced synchrotron radiation in the knots of the 3C 303 jet, and in theapparently stationary knot HST-1 in the jet from the nucleus of the galaxy M87(Biretta et al. 1999)."
Whence the Minkowski Momentum?	2012	Electromagnetic waves carry the Abraham momentum, whose density is given byp_EM = S(r,t)/c^2. Here S(r,t) = E(r,t)\timesH(r,t) is the Poynting vector atpoint r in space and instant t in time, E and H are the local electromagneticfields, and c is the speed of light in vacuum. The above statement is trueirrespective of whether the waves reside in vacuum or within a ponderablemedium, which medium may or may not be homogeneous, isotropic, transparent,linear, magnetic, etc. When a light pulse enters an absorbing medium, the forceexperienced by the medium is only partly due to the absorbed Abraham momentum.This absorbed momentum, of course, is manifested as Lorentz force (while thepulse is being extinguished within the absorber), but not all the Lorentz forceexperienced by the medium is attributable to the absorbed Abraham momentum. Weconsider an absorptive/reflective medium having the complex refractive indexn_2+ik_2, submerged in a transparent dielectric of refractive index n_1,through which light must travel to reach the absorber/reflector. Depending onthe impedance-mismatch between the two media, which mismatch is dependent onn_1, n_2, k_2, either more or less light will be coupled into theabsorber/reflector. The dependence of this impedance-mismatch on n_1 isentirely responsible for the appearance of the Minkowski momentum in certainradiation pressure experiments that involve submerged objects.
Millimeter-wave surface impedance of optimally-doped Ba(Fe1-xCox)2As2  single crystals	2013	Precision measurements of active and reactive components of in-planemicrowave surface impedance were performed in single crystals ofoptimally-doped Fe-based superconductor Ba(Fe1-xCox)2As2 (x = 0.074, Tc = 22.8K). Measurements in a millimeter wavelength range (Ka band, 35-40 GHz) wereperformed using whispering gallery mode excitations in the ultrahigh qualityfactor quasioptical sapphire disk resonator with YBa2Cu2O7 superconducting (Tc= 90 K) end plates. The temperature variation of the London penetration depthis best described by a power-law function, delta {\lambda}(T) is proportionalto T with the exponent n, n = 2.8, in reasonable agreement with radio-frequencymeasurements on crystals of the same batch. This power-law dependence ischaracteristic of a nodeless superconducting gap in the extended s-wave pairingscenario with a strong pair-breaking scattering. The quasiparticle conductivityof the samples, {\sigma}1(T), gradually increases with the decrease oftemperature, showing no peak below or at Tc, in notable contrast with thebehavior found in the cuprates. The temperature-dependent quasiparticlescattering rate was analyzed in a two-fluid model, assuming the validity of theDrude description of conductivity and generalized expression for the scatteringrate. This analysis allows us to estimate the range of the values of a residualsurface resistance from 3 to 6 mOhm.
Calculation of Release Adiabats and Shock Impedance Matching	2013	"In the analysis of impedance-match experiments, the release adiabat of thestandard material is often approximated by reflecting the Hugoniot in thepressure-particle velocity (P-UP) plane. In cases where it has been testedexperimentally, this reflected shock approximation (RSA) has been found to befairly accurate at pressures as high as 100 GPa. The success of the RSA isusually attributed to the lack of thermal effects, i.e., that the Hugoniot andrelease adiabat are nearly identical in the pressure-density (P-rho) plane.This report demonstrates that this explanation is not correct. The success ofthe RSA does not arise from the absence of thermal effects--it arises becauseof thermal effects. When the Hugoniot and adiabat are identical in the P-rhoplane, the adiabat lies below the reflected Hugoniot when mapped into the P-UPplane. Material strength effects also cause the exact adiabat to lie below theRSA. A thermal offset between the Hugoniot and the adiabat compensates forthese two effects, so that the RSA turns out to give good results for manymaterials, even at high pressures. However, this fortuitous cancellation oferrors does not occur in all cases. This report shows that the RSA is notaccurate for two ""soft"" materials, Teflon and PMMA, and for a high-strengthmaterial, tungsten. The issues discussed here apply to use of the RSA at lowpressures, not to very high pressures, where it is already well-known to beinaccurate."
Negative-resistance models for parametrically flux-pumped  superconducting quantum interference devices	2013	A Superconducting QUantum Interference Device (SQUID) modulated by a fastoscillating magnetic flux can be used as a parametric amplifier, providing gainwith very little added noise. Here, we develop linearized models to describethe parametrically flux-pumped SQUID in terms of an impedance. An unpumpedSQUID acts as an inductance, the Josephson inductance, whereas a flux-pumpedSQUID develops an additional, parallel element which we have coined the``pumpistor.'' Parametric gain can be understood as a result of a negativeresistance of the pumpistor. In the degenerate case, the gain is sensitive tothe relative phase between the pump and signal. In the nondegenerate case, gainis independent of this phase.  We develop our models first for degenerate parametric pumping in thethree-wave and four-wave cases, where the pump frequency is either twice orequal to the signal frequency, respectively. We then derive expressions for thenondegenerate case where the pump frequency is not a multiple of the signalfrequency, where it becomes necessary to consider idler tones which develop.For the nondegenerate three-wave case, we present an intuitive picture for aparametric amplifier containing a flux-pumped SQUID where current at the signalfrequency depends upon the load impedance at an idler frequency. Thisunderstanding provides insight and readily testable predictions of circuitscontaining flux-pumped SQUIDs.
A superconducting-nanowire 3-terminal electronic device	2014	In existing superconducting electronic systems, Josephson junctions play acentral role in processing and transmitting small-amplitude electrical signals.However, Josephson-junction-based devices have a number of limitationsincluding: (1) sensitivity to magnetic fields, (2) limited gain, (3) inabilityto drive large impedances, and (4) difficulty in controlling the junctioncritical current (which depends sensitively on sub-Angstrom-scale thicknessvariation of the tunneling barrier). Here we present a nanowire-basedsuperconducting electronic device, which we call the nanocryotron (nTron), thatdoes not rely on Josephson junctions and can be patterned from a single thinfilm of superconducting material with conventional electron-beam lithography.The nTron is a 3-terminal, T-shaped planar device with a gain of ~20 that iscapable of driving impedances of more than 100 k{\Omega}, and operates intypical ambient magnetic fields at temperatures of 4.2K. The device uses alocalized, Joule-heated hotspot formed in the gate to modulate current flow ina perpendicular superconducting channel. We have characterized the nTron,matched it to a theoretical framework, and applied it both as a digital logicelement in a half-adder circuit, and as a digital amplifier for superconductingnanowire single-photon detectors pulses. The nTron has immediate applicationsin classical and quantum communications, photon sensing and astronomy, and itsperformance characteristics make it compatible with existing superconductingtechnologies. Furthermore, because the hotspot effect occurs in all knownsuperconductors, we expect the design to be extensible to other materials,providing a path to digital logic, switching, and amplification inhigh-temperature superconductors.
Cross-spectrum Analyzer for Low Frequency Noise Analysis	2014	The design and performance of a sensitive and reliable cross-correlationspectrum analyzer for studying low frequency transport noise is described indetail. The design makes use of common PC-based data acquisition hardware andpreamplifiers to acquire time-based data, along with software we have developedto compute the cross-correlation and noise spectral density. The impedance ofdevice under test may cover four decades from ${100\,{\Omega}}$ to${1\,{\mathrm{M}\Omega}}$. By utilizing a custom developed signal processingprogram, this system is tested to be accurate and efficient for measuringvoltage noise as low as $\sim\!10^{-19}\,\mathrm{V}^2/\mathrm{Hz}$ from${0.001\,}$Hz to ${100\,}$kHz within one day's averaging time, comparable withmore expensive hardware solutions (bandwidth in real measurements may belimited by the sample impedance and stray capacitance). The time dependence ofmeasurement sensitivity is discussed theoretically and characterizedexperimentally to optimize between measuring time and accuracy. A routine fornoise component analysis is introduced, and is applied for characterizing thenoise spectra of metal and carbon film resistors, revealing an almost strict$1/$frequency dependence that may reflect an ensemble of random resistivityfluctuation processes with uniformly distributed activation energies. Theseresults verify the general applicability of this analyzer for low level noiseresearches.
Extragalactic circuits, transmission lines, and CR particle acceleration	2014	A non-negligible fraction of a Supermassive Black Hole's (SMBH) rest massenergy gets transported into extragalactic space by a remarkable process injets which are incompletely understood. What are the physical processes whichtransport this energy? It is likely that the energy flows electromagnetically,rather than via a particle beam flux. The deduced electromagnetic fields mayproduce particles of energy as high as $\sim 10^{20}$ eV. The energetics ofSMBH accretion disk models and the electromagnetic energy transfer imply that aSMBH should generate a $10^{18} - 10^{19}$ Amp\`eres current close to the blackhole and its accretion disk. We describe the so far best observation-basedestimate of the magnitude of the current flow along the axis of the jetextending from the nucleus of the active galaxy in 3C303. The current ismeasured to be $I \sim 10^{18}$ Amp\`eres at $\sim 40$ kpc away from the AGN.This indicates that organized current flow remains intact over multi-kpcdistances. The electric current $I$ transports electromagnetic power into freespace, $P = I^{2}Z$, where $Z \sim 30$ Ohms is related to the impedance of freespace, and this points to the existence of cosmic electric circuit. Theassociated electric potential drop, $V=IZ$, is of the order of that required togenerate Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays (UHECR). We describe the analogy ofelectromagnetically dominated jets with transmission lines. High powered jets{\it in vacuo} can be understood by approximate analogy with a waveguide. Theimportance of inductance, impedance, and other laboratory electrical conceptsare discussed in this context. To appear in Proc. 18th International Symposiumon Very High Energy Cosmic Ray Interactions (ISVHECR2014), CERN, Switzerland
Resonant absorption and amplification of circularly-polarized waves in  inhomogeneous chiral media	2016	It has been found that in the media where the dielectric permittivity$\epsilon$ or the magnetic permeability $\mu$ is near zero and in transitionmetamaterials where $\epsilon$ or $\mu$ changes from positive to negativevalues, there occur a strong absorption or amplification of the electromagneticwave energy in the presence of an infinitesimally small damping or gain and astrong enhancement of the electromagnetic fields. We attribute these phenomenato the mode conversion of transverse electromagnetic waves into longitudinalplasma oscillations and its inverse process. In this paper, we study analogousphenomena occurring in chiral media theoretically using the invariant imbeddingmethod. In uniform isotropic chiral media, right-circularly-polarized andleft-circularly-polarized waves are the eigenmodes of propagation withdifferent effective refractive indices $n_+$ and $n_-$, whereas in the chiralmedia with a nonuniform impedance variation, they are no longer the eigenmodesand are coupled to each other. We find that both in uniform chiral slabs whereeither $n_+$ or $n_-$ is near zero and in chiral transition metamaterials where$n_+$ or $n_-$ changes from positive to negative values, a strong absorption oramplification of circularly-polarized waves occurs in the presence of aninfinitesimally small damping or gain. We present detailed calculations of themode conversion coefficient, which measures the fraction of the electromagneticwave energy absorbed into the medium, for various configurations of $\epsilon$and $\mu$ with an emphasis on the influence of a nonuniform impedance. Wepropose possible applications of these phenomena to linear and nonlinearoptical devices that react selectively to the helicity of the circularpolarization.
Effect of the electromagnetic environment on current fluctuations in  driven tunnel junctions	2016	We examine current fluctuations in tunnel junctions driven by a superpositionof a constant and a sinusoidal voltage source. In standard setups the externalvoltage is applied to the tunneling element via an impedance providing anelectromagnetic environment of the junction. The modes of this environment areexcited by the time-dependent voltage and are the source of Johnson-Nyquistnoise. We determine the autocorrelation function of the current flowing in theleads of the junction in the weak tunneling limit up to terms of second orderin the tunneling Hamiltonian. The driven modes of the electromagneticenvironment are treated exactly by means of a unitary transformation introducedrecently. Particular emphasis is placed on the spectral function of the currentfluctuations. The spectrum is found to comprise three contributions: a termarising from the Johnson-Nyquist noise of the environmental impedance, a partdue to the shot noise of the tunneling element and a third contribution whichcomes from the cross-correlation between fluctuations caused by theelectromagnetic environment and fluctuations of the tunneling current. Allthree parts of the spectral function occur already for devices under dc bias.The spectral function of ac driven tunneling elements can be determined fromthe result for a dc bias by means of a photo-assisted tunneling relation of theTien-Gordon type. Specific results are given for an Ohmic environment and for ajunction driven through a resonator.
The application of high-resolution 3D seismic data to model the  distribution of mechanical and hydrogeological properties of a potential host  rock for the deep storage of radioactive waste in France	2014	In the context of a deep geological repository of high-level radioactivewastes, the French National Radioactive Waste Management Agency (Andra) hasconducted an extensive characterization of the Callovo-Oxfordian argillaceousrock and surrounding formations in the Eastern Paris Basin. As part of thisproject, an accurate 3D seismic derived geological model is needed. The papershows the procedure used for building the 3D seismic constrained geologicalmodel in depth by combining time-to-depth conversion of seismic horizons,consistent seismic velocity model and elastic impedance in time. It also showshow the 3D model is used for mechanical and hydrogeological studies. The 3Dseismic field data example illustrates the potential of the proposed depthconversion procedure for estimating density and velocity distributions, whichare consistent with the depth conversion of seismic horizons using the BayesianKriging method. The geological model shows good agreement with well log dataobtained from a reference well, located closest to the 3D seismic survey area.Modeling of the mechanical parameters such as shear modulus, Young modulus,bulk modulus indicates low variability of parameters confirming the homogeneityof the target formation (Callovo-Oxfordian claystone). 3D modeling of apermeability index (Ik-Seis) computed from seismic attributes (instantaneousfrequency, envelope, elastic impedance) and validated at the reference wellshows promising potential for supporting hydrogeological simulation anddecision making related to safety issues.
Annular Spin-Transfer Memory Element	2009	An annular magnetic memory that uses a spin-polarized current to switch themagnetization direction or helicity of a magnetic region is proposed. Thedevice has magnetic materials in the shape of a ring (1 to 5 nm in thickness,20 to 250 nm in mean radius and 8 to 100 nm in width), comprising a referencemagnetic layer with a fixed magnetic helicity and a free magnetic layer with achangeable magnetic helicity. These are separated by a thin non-magnetic layer.Information is written using a current flowing perpendicular to the layers,inducing a spin-transfer torque that alters the magnetic state of the freelayer. The resistance, which depends on the magnetic state of the device, isused to read out the stored information. This device offers several importantadvantages compared to conventional spin-transfer magnetic random access memory(MRAM) devices. First, the ring geometry offers stable magnetization states,which are, nonetheless, easily altered with short current pulses. Second, thering geometry naturally solves a major challenge of spin-transfer devices:writing requires relatively high currents and a low impedance circuit, whereasreadout demands a larger impedance and magnetoresistance. The annular deviceaccommodates these conflicting requirements by performing reading and writingoperations at separate read and write contacts placed at different locations onthe ring.
Complex resonance frequencies of a finite, circular radiating duct with  an infinite flange	2009	Radiation by solid or fluid bodies can be characterized by resonance modes.They are complex, as well as resonance frequencies, because of the energy lossdue to radiation. For ducts, they can be computed from the knowledge of theradiation impedance matrix. For the case of a flanged duct of finite lengthradiating on one side in an infinite medium, the expression of this matrix wasgiven by Zorumski, using a decomposition in duct modes. In order to calculatethe resonance frequencies, the formulation used in Zorumski's theory must bemodified as it is not valid for complex frequencies. The analytical developmentof the Green's function in free space used by Zorumski depends on the integralsof Bessel functions which become divergent for complex frequencies. This paperproposes first a development of the Green's function which is valid for allfrequencies. Results are applied to the calculation of the complex resonancefrequencies of a flanged duct, by using a formulation of the internal pressurebased upon cascade impedance matrices. Several series of resonance modes arefound, each series being shown to be related to a dominant duct mode. Influenceof higher order duct modes and the results for several fluid densities ispresented and discussed.
AC-driven Vortices and the Hall Effect in a Superconductor with a Tilted  Washboard Pinning Potential	2010	The Langevin equation for a two-dimensional (2D) nonlinear guided vortexmotion in a tilted cosine pinning potential in the presence of an ac is exactlysolved in terms of a matrix continued fraction at arbitrary value of the Halleffect. The influence of an ac of arbitrary amplitude and frequency on the dcand ac magnetoresistivity tensors is analyzed. The ac density and frequencydependence of the overall shape and the number and position of the Shapiro-likesteps on the anisotropic current-voltage characteristics are considered. Theinfluence of a subcritical or overcritical dc on the time-dependent stationaryac longitudinal and transverse resistive vortex responses (on the frequency ofan ac drive W) in terms of the nonlinear impedance tensor Z and the nonlinearac response at W-harmonics are studied. Analytical formulas for 2Dtemperature-dependent linear impedance tensor Zl in the presence of a dc whichdepend on the angle a between the current-density vector and the guidingdirection of the washboard planar pinning potential are derived and analyzed.Influence of a-anisotropy and the Hall effect on the nonlinear power absorptionby vortices is discussed.
Transmission Line Analogy for Relativistic Poynting-Flux Jets	2012	"Radio emission, polarization, and Faraday rotation maps of the radio jet ofthe galaxy 3C 303 have shown that one knot of this jet carries a {\itgalactic}-scale electric current and that it is magnetically dominated. Wedevelop the theory of magnetically dominated or Poynting-flux jets by making ananalogy of a Poynting jet with a transmission line or waveguide carrying a netcurrent and having a potential drop across it (from the jet's axis to itsradius) and a definite impedance which we derive. Time-dependent but notnecessarily small perturbations of a Poynting-flux jet are described by the""telegrapher's equations."" These predict the propagation speed of disturbancesand the effective wave impedance for forward and backward propagating wavecomponents. A localized disturbance of a Poynting jet gives rise to localizeddissipation in the jet which may explain the enhanced synchrotron radiation inthe knots of the 3C 303 jet, and also in the apparently stationary knot HST-1in the jet near the nucleus of the nearby galaxy M87. For a relativisticPoynting jet on parsec scales, the reflected voltage wave from an inductivetermination or load can lead to a backward propagating wave which breaks downthe magnetic insulation of the jet giving $|{\bf E}| /|{\bf B}|\geq 1$. At thethreshold for breakdown, $|{\bf E}|/|{\bf B}|=1$, positive and negativeparticles are directly accelerated in the ${\bf E \times B}$ direction which isapproximately along the jet axis. Acceleration can occur up to Lorentz factors$\sim 10^7$. This particle acceleration mechanism is distinct from that inshock waves and that in magnetic field reconnection."
Stability and Performance Limits of Latency-Prone Distributed Feedback  Controllers	2015	Robotic control systems are increasingly relying on distributed feedbackcontrollers to tackle complex sensing and decision problems such as those foundin highly articulated human-centered robots. These demands come at the cost ofa growing computational burden and, as a result, larger controller latencies.To maximize robustness to mechanical disturbances by maximizing controlfeedback gains, this paper emphasizes the necessity for compromise betweenhigh- and low-level feedback control effort in distributed controllers.Specifically, the effect of distributed impedance controllers is studied wheredamping feedback effort is executed in close proximity to the control plant andstiffness feedback effort is executed in a latency-prone centralized controlprocess. A central observation is that the stability of high impedancedistributed controllers is very sensitive to damping feedback delay but muchless to stiffness feedback delay. This study pursues a detailed analysis ofthis observation that leads to a physical understanding of the disparity. Thena practical controller breakdown gain rule is derived to aim at enablingcontrol designers to consider the benefits of implementing their controlapplications in a distributed fashion. These considerations are furthervalidated through the analysis, simulation and experimental testing on highperformance actuators and on an omnidirectional mobile base.
Multiwave imaging in an enclosure with variable wave speed	2015	In this paper we consider the mathematical model of thermo- andphoto-acoustic tomography for the recovery of the initial condition of a wavefield from knowledge of its boundary values. Unlike the free-space setting, weconsider the wave problem in a region enclosed by a surface where an impedanceboundary condition is imposed. This condition models the presence of physicalboundaries such as interfaces or acoustic mirrors which reflect some of thewave energy back into the enclosed domain. By recognizing that the inverseproblem is equivalent to a statement of boundary observability, we use controloperators to prove the unique and stable recovery of the initial wave profilefrom knowledge of boundary measurements. Since our proof is constructive, weexplicitly derive a solvable equation for the unknown initial condition. Thisequation can be solved numerically using the conjugate gradient method. We alsopropose an alternative approach based on the stabilization of waves. This leadsto an exponentially and uniformly convergent Neumann series reconstruction whenthe impedance coefficient is not identically zero. In both cases, if well-knowngeometrical conditions are satisfied, our approaches are naturally suited forvariable wave speed and for measurements on a subset of the boundary.
A Frequency Selective Surface based focal plane receiver for the OLIMPO  balloon-borne telescope	2015	We describe here a focal plane array of Cold-Electron Bolometer (CEB)detectors integrated in a Frequency Selective Surface (FSS) for the 350 GHzdetection band of the OLIMPO balloon-borne telescope. In our architecture, thetwo terminal CEB has been integrated in the periodic unit cell of the FSSstructure and is impedance matched to the embedding impedance seen by it andprovides a resonant interaction with the incident sub-mm radiation. Thedetector array has been designed to operate in background noise limitedcondition for incident powers of 20 pW to 80 pW, making it possible to use thesame pixel in both photometric and spectrometric configurations. We presenthigh frequency and dc simulations of our system, together with fabricationdetails. The frequency response of the FSS array, optical response measurementswith hot/cold load in front of optical window and with variable temperatureblack body source inside cryostat are presented. A comparison of the opticalresponse to the CEB model and estimations of Noise Equivalent power (NEP) isalso presented.
Linear Stability Analysis of Compressible Channel Flow with Porous Walls	2015	We have investigated the effects of permeable walls, modeled by linearacoustic impedance with zero reactance, on compressible channel flow via linearstability analysis (LSA). Base flow profiles are taken from impermeableisothermal-wall laminar and turbulent channel flow simulations at bulk Reynoldsnumber, $Re_b$= 6900 and Mach numbers, $M_b$ = 0.2, 0.5, 0.85. For asufficiently high value of permeability, Two dominant modes are made unstable:a bulk pressure mode, causing symmetric expulsion and suction of mass from theporous walls (Mode 0); a standing-wave-like mode, with a pressure node at thecenterline (Mode I). In the case of turbulent mean flow profiles, both modesgenerate additional Reynolds shear stresses augmenting the (base) turbulentones, but concentrated in the viscous sublayer region; the trajectories of thetwo modes in the complex phase velocity space follow each other closely forvalues of wall permeability spanning two orders of magnitude, suggesting theircoexistence. The transition from subcritical to supercritical permeability doesnot alter the structure of the two modes for the range of wavenumbersinvestigated, suggesting that wall permeability simply accentuates pre-existingotherwise stable modes. Results from the present investigation will inform thedesign of new compressible turbulent boundary layer control strategies viaassigned wall-impedance.
Arbitrary power-conserving field transformations with passive lossless  omega-type bianisotropic metasurfaces	2016	We present a general theory for designing realistic omega-type bianisotropicmetasurfaces (O-BMSs), unlocking their full potential for moldingelectromagnetic fields. These metasurfaces, characterized by electric surfaceimpedance, magnetic surface admittance, and magnetoelectric couplingcoefficient, were previously considered for wavefront manipulation. However,previous reports mainly considered plane-wave excitations, and implementationsincluded cumbersome metallic features. In this work, we prove that any fieldtransformation which locally conserves real power can be implemented viapassive and lossless meta-atoms characterized by closed-form expressions; thisallows rigorous incorporation of arbitrary source and scatteringconfigurations. Subsequently, we show that O-BMS meta-atoms can be implementedusing an asymmetric stack of three impedance sheets, an appealing structure forprinted circuit board fabrication. Our formulation reveals that, as opposed toHuygens' metasurfaces (HMSs), which exhibit negligible magnetoelectriccoupling, O-BMSs are not limited to controlling the phase of transmittedfields, but can rather achieve high level of control over the amplitude andphase of reflected fields. This is demonstrated by designing O-BMSs forreflectionless wide-angle refraction, independent surface-wave guiding, and ahighly-directive low-profile antenna, verified with full-wave simulations. Thisstraightforward methodology facilitates development of O-BMS-based devices forcontrolling the near and far fields of arbitrary sources in complex scatteringconfigurations.
Modeling the microscopic electrical properties of thrombin binding  aptamer (TBA) for label-free biosensors	2016	Aptamers are chemically produced oligonucleotides, able to bind a variety oftargets such as drugs, proteins and pathogens with high sensitivity andselectivity. Therefore, aptamers are largely employed for producing label-freebiosensors, with significant applications in diagnostics and drug delivery. Inparticular, the anti-thrombin aptamers are biomolecules of high interest forclinical use, because of their ability to recognize and bind the thrombinenzyme. Among them, the DNA 15-mer thrombin-binding aptamer (TBA), has beenwidely explored concerning both its structure, which was resolved withdifferent techniques, and its function, especially about the possibility ofusing it as the active part of biosensors. This paper proposes a microscopicmodel of the electrical properties of TBA and the aptamer-thrombin complex,combining information from both structure and function. The novelty consists indescribing both the aptamer alone and the complex as an impedance network, thusgoing deeper inside the issues addressed in an emerging electronics branchknown as proteotronics. The theoretical results are compared and validated withElectrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy measurements reported in the literature.Finally, the model suggests resistance measurements as a novel tool for testingaptamer-target affinity.
Study of noise effects in electrical impedance tomography with resistor  networks	2011	We present a study of the numerical solution of the two dimensionalelectrical impedance tomography problem, with noisy measurements of theDirichlet to Neumann map. The inversion uses parametrizations of theconductivity on optimal grids. The grids are optimal in the sense that finitevolume discretizations on them give spectrally accurate approximations of theDirichlet to Neumann map. The approximations are Dirichlet to Neumann maps ofspecial resistor networks, that are uniquely recoverable from the measurements.Inversion on optimal grids has been proposed and analyzed recently, but thestudy of noise effects on the inversion has not been carried out. In this paperwe present a numerical study of both the linearized and the nonlinear inverseproblem. We take three different parametrizations of the unknown conductivity,with the same number of degrees of freedom. We obtain that the parametrizationinduced by the inversion on optimal grids is the most efficient of the three,because it gives the smallest standard deviation of the maximum a posterioriestimates of the conductivity, uniformly in the domain. For the nonlinearproblem we compute the mean and variance of the maximum a posteriori estimatesof the conductivity, on optimal grids. For small noise, we obtain that theestimates are unbiased and their variance is very close to the optimal one,given by the Cramer-Rao bound. For larger noise we use regularization andquantify the trade-off between reducing the variance and introducing bias inthe solution. Both the full and partial measurement setups are considered.
Boosting local field enhancement by on-chip nanofocusing and  impedance-matched plasmonic antennas	2016	Strongly confined surface plasmon-polariton modes can be used for efficientlydelivering the electromagnetic energy to nano-sized volumes by reducing thecross sections of propagating modes far beyond the diffraction limit, i.e., bynanofocusing. This process results in significant local-field enhancement thatcan advantageously be exploited in modern optical nanotechnologies, includingsignal processing, biochemical sensing, imaging and spectroscopy. Here, wepropose, analyze, and experimentally demonstrate on-chip nanofocusing followedby impedance-matched nanowire antenna excitation in the end-fire geometry attelecom wavelengths. Numerical and experimental evidences of the efficientexcitation of dipole and quadrupole (dark) antenna modes are provided,revealing underlying physical mechanisms and analogies with the operation ofplane-wave Fabry-P\'erot interferometers. The unique combination of efficientnanofocusing and nanoantenna resonant excitation realized in our experimentsoffers a major boost to the field intensity enhancement up to $\sim 12000$,with the enhanced field being evenly distributed over the gap volume of$30\times 30\times 10\ {\rm nm}^3$, and promises thereby a variety of usefulon-chip functionalities within sensing, nonlinear spectroscopy and signalprocessing.
Separation delay via hydro-acoustic control of a NACA4412 airfoil in  pre-stalled conditions	2017	We have performed large-eddy simulations of turbulent separation control viaimpedance boundary conditions (IBCs) on a \nacafft airfoil in near-stalledconditions. The uncontrolled baseline flow is obtained for freestream Machnumbers of $M_\infty=0.3$, chord-Reynolds numbers $Re_c = 1.5\times10^6$ andangle of attack, $\alpha=14^{\circ{}}$. Flow control is applied via impositionof complex IBCs using the time-domain implementation developed by Scalo,Bodart, and Lele, $\textit{Phys. Fluids} $(2015). Separation is delayed due tothe enhanced mixing associated with convectively amplified spanwise-orientedKelvin-Helmholtz (KH) rollers, generated via hydro-acoustic instabilities. Thelatter are the result of the interaction of the wall-normal transpirationthrough the impedance panel and the overlying mean background shear. The resultis an alteration of the coupled instability between the separating shear layerand the vortex shedding in the wake (already present in the uncontrolledbaseline flow) yielding unique wake topologies associated with differentintensities for the passively generated KH vortical structures. Specifically,enhancements up to +13\% in the lift coefficients have been obtained. Resultsshow that tuning of the resonant cavities below the natural shedding frequencyis required to generate KH rollers structures with a sufficiently largeentrainment diameter to encompass the full extent of the separated region,thereby enhancing mixing and promoting reattachment. Overall, the resultspresented in this work show that the adoption of hydro-acoustically tunedresonant panels is a promising passive control technique for boundary layerseparation control.
Estimate of Joule Heating in a Flat Dechirper	2017	We have performed Joule power loss calculations for a flat dechirper. We haveconsidered the configurations of the beam on-axis between the two plates---forchirp control---and for the beam especially close to one plate---for use as afast kicker. Our calculations use a surface impedance approach, one that isvalid when corrugation parameters are small compared to aperture (theperturbative parameter regime). In our model we ignore effects of fieldreflections at the sides of the dechirper plates, and thus expect the resultsto underestimate the Joule losses. The analytical results were also tested bynumerical, time-domain simulations. We find that most of the wake power lost bythe beam is radiated out to the sides of the plates. For the case of the beampassing by a single plate, we derive an analytical expression for thebroad-band impedance, and---in Appendix B---numerically confirm recentlydeveloped, analytical formulas for the short-range wakes. While our theory canbe applied to the LCLS-II dechirper with large gaps, for the nominal apertureswe are not in the perturbative regime and the reflection contribution to Joulelosses is not negligible. With input from computer simulations, we estimate theJoule power loss (assuming bunch charge of 300 pC, repetition rate of 100 kHz)is 21~W/m for the case of two plates, and 24 W/m for the case of a singleplate.
Transparent gradient index lens for underwater sound based on phase  advance	2015	Spatial gradients in refractive index have been used extensively in acousticmetamaterial applications to control wave propagation through phase delay. Thisstudy reports the design and experimental realization of an acoustic gradientindex lens using a sonic crystal lattice that is impedance matched to waterover a broad bandwidth. In contrast to previous designs, the underlying latticefeatures refractive indices that are lower than the water background, whichfacilitates propagation control based on a phase advance as opposed to a delay.The index gradient is achieved by varying the filling fraction of hollow,air-filled aluminum tubes that individually exhibit a higher sound speed thanwater and matched impedance. Acoustic focusing is observed over a broadbandwidth of frequencies in the homogenization limit of the lattice, withintensity magnifications in excess of 7 dB. An anisotropic lattice designfacilitates a flat-faceted geometry with low backscattering at 18 dB below theincident sound pressure level. Three dimensional Rayleigh-Sommerfeldintegration that accounts for the anisotropic refraction is used to accuratelypredict the experimentally measured focal patterns.
On finding an obstacle with the Leontovich boundary condition via the  time domain enclosure method	2015	An inverse obstacle scattering problem for the wave governed by the Maxwellsystem in the time domain, in particular, over a finite time interval isconsidered. It is assumed that the electric field $\mbox{\boldmath $E$}$ andmagnetic field $\mbox{\boldmath $H$}$ which are solutions of the Maxwell systemare generated only by a current density at the initial time located not far away from an unknown obstacle. The obstacle is embedded in a medium like airwhich has constant electric permittivity $\epsilon$ and magnetic permeability$\mu$. It is assumed that the fields on the surface of the obstacle satisfy theimpedance-or the Leontovich boundary condition $\mbox{\boldmath$\nu$}\times\mbox{\boldmath $H$} -\lambda\,\mbox{\boldmath$\nu$}\times(\mbox{\boldmath $E$}\times\mbox{\boldmath $\nu$})=\mbox{\boldmath$0$}$ with $\lambda$ an unknown positive function and $\mbox{\boldmath $\nu$}$the unit outward normal. The observation data are given by the electric fieldobserved at the same place as the support of the current density over a finitetime interval. It is shown that an indicator function computed from theelectric fields corresponding two current densities enables us to know: thedistance of the center of the common spherical support of the current densitiesto the obstacle; whether the value of the impedance $\lambda$ is greater orless than the special value $\sqrt{\epsilon/\mu}$.
Topolectrical circuits	2017	Invented by Alessandro Volta and F\'elix Savary in the early 19th century,circuits consisting of resistor, inductor and capacitor (RLC) components areomnipresent in modern technology. The behavior of an RLC circuit is governed byits circuit Laplacian, which is analogous to the Hamiltonian describing theenergetics of a physical system. We show that topological semimetal bandstructures can be realized as admittance bands in a periodic RLC circuit, wherewe employ the grounding to adjust the spectral position of the bands similar tothe chemical potential in a material. Topological boundary resonances (TBRs)appear in the impedance read-out of a topolectrical circuit, providing a robustsignal for the presence of topological admittance bands. For experimentalillustration, we build the Su-Schrieffer-Heeger circuit, where our impedancemeasurement detects a TBR related to the midgap state. Due to the versatilityof electronic circuits, our topological semimetal construction can begeneralized to band structures with arbitrary lattice symmetry. Topolectricalcircuits establish a bridge between electrical engineering and topologicalstates of matter, where the accessibility, scalability, and operability ofelectronics synergizes with the intricate boundary properties of topologicalphases.
Storage and retrieval of time-entangled soliton trains in a three-level  atom system coupled to an optical cavity	2017	The storage and subsequent retrieval of coherent pulse trains in the quantummemory (i.e. cavity-dark state) of three-level $\Lambda$ atoms, are consideredfor an optical medium in which adiabatic photon transfer occurs under thecondition of quantum impedance matching. The underlying mechanism is based onintracavity Electromagnetically-Induced Transparency, by which properties of acavity filled with three-level $\Lambda$-type atoms are manipulated by anexternal control field. Under the impedance matching condition, we deriveanalytic expressions that suggest a complete transfer of an input field intothe cavity-dark state by varying the mixing angle in a specific way, and itssubsequent retrieval at a desired time. We illustrate the scheme bydemonstrating the complete transfer and retrieval of a Gaussian, a singlehyperbolic-secant and a periodic train of time-entangled hyperbolic-secantinput photon pulses in the atom-cavity system. For the time-entangledhyperbolic-secant input field, a total controllability of the periodicevolution of the dark state population is made possible by changing the Rabifrequency of the classical driving field, thus allowing to alternately storeand retrieve high-intensity photons from the optically denseElectromagnetically-Induced transparent medium. Such multiplexed photon states,which are expected to allow sharing quantum information among many users, arecurrently of very high demand for applications in long-distance and multiplexedquantum communication.
Spin-orbit-torque driven magnetoimpedance in Pt-layer/magnetic-ribbon  heterostructures	2017	When a flow of electron passes through a paramagnetic layer with strongspin-orbit-coupling such as platinum (Pt), a net spin current is produced viaspin Hall effect (SHE). This spin current can exert a torque on themagnetization of an adjacent ferromagnetic layer which can be probed viamagnetization dynamic response, e.g. spin-torque ferromagnetic resonance(ST-FMR). Nevertheless, that effect in lower frequency magnetization dynamicregime (MHz) where skin effect occurs in high permeability ferromagneticconductors namely the magneto-impedance (MI) effect can be fundamentallyimportant which has not been studied so far. Here, by utilizing the MI effectin magnetic-ribbon/Pt heterostructure with high magnetic permeability thatallows the ac current effectively confined at the skin depth of ~100 nmthickness, the effect of spin-orbit-torque (SOT) induced by the SHE probed viaMI measurement is investigated. We observed a systematic MI frequency shiftthat increases by increasing the applied current amplitude and thickness of thePt layer (varying from 0 nm to 20 nm). In addition, the role of Pt layer inribbon/Pt heterostructure is evaluated with ferromagnetic resonance (FMR)effect representing standard Gilbert damping increase as the result of presenceof the SHE. Our results unveil the role of SOT in dynamic control of thetransverse magnetic permeability probed with impedance spectroscopy as usefuland valuable technique for detection of future SHE devices.
High-Kinetic Inductance Additive Manufactured Superconducting Microwave  Cavity	2017	Investigations into the microwave surface impedance of superconductingresonators have led to the development of single photon counters that rely onkinetic inductance for their operation. While concurrent progress in additivemanufacturing, `3D printing', opens up a previously inaccessible design spacefor waveguide resonators. In this manuscript, we present results from the firstsynthesis of these two technologies in a titanium, aluminum, vanadium(Ti-6Al-4V) superconducting radio frequency resonator which exploits a designunattainable through conventional fabrication means. We find that Ti-6Al-4V hastwo distinct superconducting transition temperatures observable in heatcapacity measurements. The higher transition temperature is in agreement withDC resistance measurements. While the lower transition temperature, notpreviously known in literature, is consistent with the observed temperaturedependence of the superconducting microwave surface impedance. From the surfacereactance, we extract a London penetration depth of $8\pm3{\mu}$m - roughly anorder of magnitude larger than other titanium alloys and several orders ofmagnitude larger than other conventional elemental superconductors. This largeLondon penetration depth suggests that Ti-6Al-4V may be a suitable material forhigh kinetic inductance applications such as single photon counting orparametric amplification used in quantum computing.
Centralized Recursive Optimal Scheduling of Parallel Buck Regulated  Battery Modules	2017	This paper presents a centralized recursive optimal scheduling method for abattery system that consists of parallel connected battery modules withdifferent open circuit voltages and battery impedance characteristics. Examplesof such a battery system can be found in second-life, exchangeable orrepurposed battery systems in which batteries with different charge or agecharacteristics are combined to create a larger storage capacity. The proposedmethod in this paper takes advantage of the availability of buck regulators inthe battery management system (BMS) to compute the optimal voltage adjustmentof the individual modules to minimize the effect of stray currents between theparallel connected battery modules. Our proposed method recursively computesthe optimal current scheduling that balances (equals) each module current andmaximize total bus current without violating any of the battery modulesoperating constraints. Recursive implementation guarantees robust operation asthe battery modules operating parameters change as the battery pack(dis)charges or ages. In order to demonstrate the capability of this method inreal battery system, an experimental setup of 3 parallel placed battery modulesis built. The experimental results validate the feasibility and show theadvantages of this current scheduling method in a real battery application,despite the fact that each module may have different impedance, open circuitvoltage and charge parameters.
Correlated In-Situ Low-Frequency Noise and Impedance Spectroscopy Reveal  Recombination Dynamics in Organic Solar Cells using Fullerene and  Non-Fullerene Acceptors	2017	Non-fullerene acceptors based on perylenediimides (PDIs) have garneredsignificant interest as an alternative to fullerene acceptors in organicphotovoltaics (OPVs), but their charge transport phenomena are not wellunderstood, especially in bulk heterojunctions (BHJs). Here, we investigatecharge transport and current fluctuations by performing correlatedlow-frequency noise and impedance spectroscopy measurements on two BHJ OPVsystems, one employing a fullerene acceptor and the other employing a dimericPDI acceptor. In the dark, these measurements reveal that PDI-based OPVs have agreater degree of recombination in comparison to fullerene-based OPVs.Furthermore, for the first time in organic solar cells, 1/f noise data are fitto the Kleinpenning model to reveal underlying current fluctuations indifferent transport regimes. Under illumination, 1/f noise increases byapproximately four orders of magnitude for the fullerene-based OPVs and threeorders of magnitude for the PDI-based OPVs. An inverse correlation is alsoobserved between noise spectral density and power conversion efficiency.Overall, these results show that low-frequency noise spectroscopy is aneffective in-situ diagnostic tool to assess charge transport in emergingphotovoltaic materials, thereby providing quantitative guidance for the designof next-generation solar cell materials and technologies.
On the dynamic homogenization of periodic media: Willis' approach versus  two-scale paradigm	2017	When considering an effective i.e. homogenized description of waves inperiodic media that transcends the usual quasi-static approximation, there aregenerally two schools of thought: (i) the two-scale approach that is prevalentin mathematics, and (ii) the Willis' homogenization framework that has beengaining popularity in engineering and physical sciences. Notwithstanding amounting body of literature on the two competing paradigms, a clearunderstanding of their relationship is still lacking. In this study we deployan effective impedance of the scalar wave equation as a lens for comparison andestablish a low-frequency, long-wavelength (LF-LW) dispersive expansion of theWillis effective model, including terms up to the second order. Despite theintuitive expectation that such obtained effective impedance coincides with itstwo-scale counterpart, we find that the two descriptions differ by a modulationfactor which is, up to the second order, expressible as a polynomial infrequency and wavenumber. We track down this inconsistency to the fact that thetwo-scale expansion is commonly restricted to the free-wave solutions and thusfails to account for the body source term which, as it turns out, must also behomogenized -- by the reciprocal of the featured modulation factor. In theanalysis, we also (i) reformulate for generality the Willis' effectivedescription in terms of the eigenfunction approach, and (ii) obtain thecorresponding modulation factor for dipole body sources, which may be relevantto some recent efforts to manipulate waves in metamaterials.
Two-dimensional plasmons in the random impedance network model of  disordered thin-film nanocomposites	2017	Random impedance networks are widely used as a model to describe plasmonresonances in disordered metal-dielectric nanocomposites. In order to studythin films, two-dimensional networks are often used despite the fact that suchnetworks correspond to a two-dimensional electrodynamics [J.P. Clerc et al, J.Phys. A 29, 4781 (1996)]. In the present work, we propose a model oftwo-dimensional systems with three-dimensional Coulomb interaction and showthat this model is equivalent to a planar network with long-range capacitiveconnections between sites. In a case of a metal film, we get a known dispersion$\omega \propto \sqrt{k}$ of plane-wave two-dimensional plasmons. In theframework of the proposed model, we study the evolution of resonances withdecreasing of metal filling factor. In the subcritical region with metalfilling $p$ lower than the percolation threshold $p_c$, we observe a gap withLifshitz tails in the spectral density of states (DOS). In the supercriticalregion $p>p_c$, the DOS demonstrates a crossover between plane-wavetwo-dimensional plasmons and resonances associated with small clusters.
A differential geometry approach to asymmetric transmission of light	2017	"In the last ten years, the technology of differential geometry, ubiquitous ingravitational physics, has found its place in the field of optics. It has beensuccessfully used in the design of optical metamaterials, through a techniquenow known as ""transformation optics"". This method, however, only applies forthe particular class of metamaterials known as impedance matched, that is,materials whose electric permittivity is equal to their magnetic permeability.In that case, the material may be described by a spacetime metric. In thepresent work we will introduce a generalization of the geometric methods oftransformation optics to situations in which the material is not impedancematched. In such situation, the material -or more precisely, its constitutivetensor- will not be described by a metric only. We bring in a second tensor,with the local symmetries of the Weyl tensor, the ""$W$-tensor"". In thegeometric optics approximation we show how the properties of the $W$-tensor arerelated to the asymmetric transmission of the material. We apply this featureinto the design of a particularly interesting set of asymmetric materials.These materials are birefringent when light rays approach the material in agiven direction, but behave just like vacuum when the rays have the oppositedirection with the appropriate polarization (or, in some cases, independentlyof the polarization)."
Surface impedance and optimum surface resistance of a superconductor  with imperfect surface	2017	We calculate a low-frequency surface impedance of a dirty, s-wavesuperconductor with an imperfect surface incorporating either a thin layer witha reduced pairing constant or a thin, proximity-coupled normal layer. Suchstructures model realistic surfaces of superconducting materials which cancontain oxide layers, absorbed impurities or nonstoichiometric composition. Wesolved the Usadel equations self-consistently and obtained spatialdistributions of the order parameter and the quasiparticle density of stateswhich then were used to calculate a low-frequency surface resistance $R_s(T)$and the magnetic penetration depth $\lambda(T)$ as functions of temperature inthe limit of local London electrodynamics. It is shown that the imperfectsurface in a single-band s-wave superconductor results in a non-exponentialtemperature dependence of $Z(T)$ at $T\ll T_c$ which can mimic the behavior ofmultiband or d-wave superconductors. The imperfect surface and the broadeningof the gap peaks in the quasiparticle density of states $N(\epsilon)$ in thebulk give rise to a weakly temperature-dependent residual surface resistance.We show that the surface resistance can be optimized and even reduced below itsvalue for an ideal surface by engineering $N(\epsilon)$ at the surface usingpairbreaking mechanisms, particularly, by incorporating a small density ofmagnetic impurities or by tuning the thickness and conductivity of the normallayer and its contact resistance. The results of this work address the limit of$R_s$ in superconductors at $T\ll T_c$, and the ways of engineering the optimaldensity of states by surface nano-structuring and impurities to reduce lossesin superconducting micro-resonators, thin film strip lines, and radio frequencycavities for particle accelerators.
Reconstruction of Electrical Impedance Tomography Using Fish School  Search, Non-Blind Search, and Genetic Algorithm	2017	Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is a noninvasive imaging technique thatdoes not use ionizing radiation, with application both in environmentalsciences and in health. Image reconstruction is performed by solving an inverseproblem and ill-posed. Evolutionary Computation and Swarm Intelligence havebecome a source of methods for solving inverse problems. Fish School Search(FSS) is a promising search and optimization method, based on the dynamics ofschools of fish. In this article the authors present a method forreconstruction of EIT images based on FSS and Non-Blind Search (NBS). Themethod was evaluated using numerical phantoms consisting of electricalconductivity images with subjects in the center, between the center and theedge and on the edge of a circular section, with meshes of 415 finite elements.The authors performed 20 simulations for each configuration. Results showedthat both FSS and FSS-NBS were able to converge faster than genetic algorithms.
Sample-based calibration for cryogenic broadband microwave reflectometry  measurements	2018	The characteristic frequencies of a system provide important information onthe phenomena that govern its physical properties. In this framework, there hasrecently been renewed interest in cryogenic microwave characterization forcondensed matter systems since it allows to probe energy scales of the order ofa few $\mu$eV. However, broadband measurements of the absolute value of asample response in this frequency range are extremely sensitive to itsenvironment and require a careful calibration. In this paper, we present an\textit{in situ} calibration method for cryogenic broadband microwavereflectometry experiments that is both simple to implement and through whichthe effect of the sample electromagnetic environment can be minimized. Thecalibration references are here provided by the sample itself, at threereference temperatures where its impedance is assumed or measured, and not byexternal standards as is usual. We compare the frequency-dependent compleximpedance (0.1--2 GHz) of an a-Nb$_{15}$Si$_{85}$ superconducting thin filmobtained through this Sample-Based Calibration (SBC) and through anOpen-Short-Load Standard Calibration (SC) when working at very low temperature(0.02--4 K) and show that the SBC allows us to obtain the absolute response ofthe sample. This method brings the calibration planes as close as possible tothe sample, so that the environment electrodynamic response does not affect themeasurement, provided it is temperature independent. This results in aheightened sensitivity, for a given experimental set--up.
Energy Dissipation in the Upper Atmospheres of Trappist-1 Planets	2018	We present a method to quantify the upper-limit of the energy transmittedfrom the intense stellar wind to the upper atmospheres of three of theTrappist-1 planets (e, f, and g). We use a formalism that treats the system astwo electromagnetic regions, where the efficiency of the energy transmissionbetween one region (the stellar wind at the planetary orbits) to the other (theplanetary ionospheres) depends on the relation between the conductances andimpedances of the two regions. Since the energy flux of the stellar wind isvery high at these planetary orbits, we find that for the case of hightransmission efficiency (when the conductances and impedances are close inmagnitude), the energy dissipation in the upper planetary atmospheres is alsovery large. On average, the Ohmic energy can reach $0.5-1~W/m^2$, about 1\% ofthe stellar irradiance and 5-15 times the EUV irradiance. Here, using constantvalues for the ionospheric conductance, we demonstrate that the stellar windenergy could potentially drive large atmospheric heating in terrestrialplanets, as well as in hot jupiters. More detailed calculations are needed toassess the ionospheric conductance and to determine more accurately the amountof heating the stellar wind can drive in close-orbit planets.
Optical Receiver with Helicity Dependent Switching of Magnetization	2018	In this work, we propose helicity-dependent switching (HDS) of magnetizationof Co/Pt for energy efficient optical receiver. Designing a low power opticalreceiver for optical-to-electrical signal conversion has proven to be verychallenging. Current day receivers use a photodiode that produces aphotocurrent in response to input optical signals, and power hungrytrans-impedance amplifiers are required to amplify the small photocurrents.Here, we propose light helicity induced switching of magnetization to overcomethe requirement of photodiodes and subsequent trans-impedance amplification bysensing the change in magnetization with a magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ).Magnetization switching of a thin ferromagnet layer using circularly polarizedlaser pulses have recently been demonstrated which shows one-to-onecorrespondence between light helicity and the magnetization state. We proposeto utilize this phenomena by using digital input dependent circularly polarizedlaser pulses to directly switch the magnetization state of a thin Co/Ptferromagnet layer at the receiver. The Co/Pt layer is used as the free layer ofan MTJ, the resistance of which is modified by the laser pulses. With theone-to-one dependence between input data and output magnetization state, theMTJ resistance is directly converted to digital output signal. Our device tocircuit level simulation results indicate that, HDS based optical receiverconsumes only 0.124 pJ/bit energy, which is much lower than existingtechniques.
Effect of magnons on interfacial phonon drag in YIG/metal systems	2018	We examine substrate-to-film interfacial phonon drag on typical spin Seebeckheterostructures, in particular studying the effect of ferromagnetic magnons onthe phonon-electron drag dynamics at the interface. We investigate with highprecision the effect of magnons in the Pt|YIG heterostructure by designing amagnon drag thermocouple; a hybrid sample with both a Pt|YIG film and Pt|GGGinterface accessible isothermally via a 6 nm Pt film patterned in a rectangularU shape with one arm on the 250 nm YIG film and the other on GGG. We measurethe voltage between the isothermal ends of the U, while applying a temperaturegradient parallel to the arms and perpendicular to the bottom connection. Witha uniform applied temperature gradient, the Pt acts as a differentialthermocouple. We conduct temperature-dependent longitudinal thermopowermeasurements on this sample. Results show that the YIG interface actuallydecreases the thermopower of the film, implying that magnons impede phonondrag. We repeat the experiment using metals with low spin Hall angles, Ag andAl, in place of Pt. We find that the phonon drag peak in thermopower is killedin samples where the metallic interface is with YIG. We also investigatemagneto-thermopower and YIG film thickness dependence. These measurementsconfirm our findings that magnons impede the phonon-electron drag interactionat the metallic interface in these heterostructures.
BioPhysical Modeling, Characterization and Optimization of  Electro-Quasistatic Human Body Communication	2018	Human Body Communication (HBC) has emerged as an alternative to radio wavecommunication for connecting low power, miniaturized wearable and implantabledevices in, on and around the human body which uses the human body as thecommunication channel. Previous studies characterizing the human body channelhas reported widely varying channel response much of which has been attributedto the variation in measurement setup. This calls for the development of aunifying bio physical model of HBC supported by in depth analysis and anunderstanding of the effect of excitation, termination modality on HBCmeasurements. This paper characterizes the human body channel up to 1MHzfrequency to evaluate it as a medium for broadband communication. A lumped biophysical model of HBC is developed, supported by experimental validations thatprovides insight into some of the key discrepancies found in previous studies.Voltage loss measurements are carried out both with an oscilloscope and aminiaturized wearable prototype to capture the effects of non common ground.Results show that the channel loss is strongly dependent on the terminationimpedance at the receiver end, with up to 4dB variation in average loss fordifferent termination in an oscilloscope and an additional 9 dB channel losswith wearable prototype compared to an oscilloscope measurement. The measuredchannel response with capacitive termination reduces low frequency loss andallows flat band transfer function down to 13 KHz, establishing the human bodyas a broadband communication channel. Analysis of the measured results and thesimulation model shows that (1) high impedance (2) capacitive terminationshould be used at the receiver end for accurate voltage mode loss measurementsof the HBC channel at low frequencies.
Quantum electrodynamics of a superconductor-insulator phase transition	2018	"A chain of Josephson junctions implements one of the simplest many-bodymodels undergoing a superconductor-insulator (SI) quantum phase transitionbetween states with zero and infinite resistance. Apart from zero resistance,the superconducting state is necessarily accompanied by a sound-like mode dueto collective oscillations of the phase of the complex-valued order parameter.Exciting this phase mode results in transverse photons propagating along thechain. Surprisingly little is known about the fate of this mode upon enteringthe insulating state, where the order parameter's amplitude remains non-zero,but the phase ordering is ""melted"" by quantum fluctuations. Here we reportmomentum-resolved radio-frequency spectroscopy of collective modes innanofabricated chains of Al/AlOx/Al tunnel junctions. We find that the phasemode survives remarkably far into the insulating regime, such that$\textrm{M}\Omega$-resistance chains carry $\textrm{GHz}$-frequency alternatingcurrents as nearly ideal superconductors. The insulator reveals itself throughbroadening and random frequency shifts of collective mode resonances,originated from intrinsic interactions. By pushing the chain parameters deeperinto the insulating state, we achieved propagation with the speed of light downto $8\times 10^5~\textrm{m/s}$ and the wave impedance up to$23~\textrm{k}\Omega$. The latter quantity exceeds the predicted criticalimpedance by an order of magnitude, which opens the problem of quantumelectrodynamics of a Bose glass insulator for both theory and experiment.Notably, the effective fine structure constant of such a 1D vacuum exceeds aunity, promising transformative applications to quantum science and technology."
Fluctuation dissipation theorem and electrical noise revisited	2018	The fluctuation dissipation theorem (FDT) is the basis for a microscopicdescription of the interaction between electromagnetic radiation and matter.Byassuming the electromagnetic radiation in thermal equilibrium and theinteraction in the linear response regime, the theorem interrelates thespontaneous fluctuations of microscopic variables with the kinetic coefficientsthat are responsible for energy dissipation.In the quantum form provided byCallen and Welton in their pioneer paper of 1951 for the case of conductors,electrical noise detected at the terminals of a conductor was given in terms ofthe spectral density of voltage fluctuations, $S_V({\omega})$, and was relatedto the real part of its impedance, $Re[Z({\omega})]$, by a simple relation.Thedrawbacks of this relation concern with: (I) the appearance of a zero pointcontribution which implies a divergence of the spectrum at increasingfrequencies; (ii) the lack of detailing the appropriate equivalent-circuit ofthe impedance, (iii) the neglect of the Casimir effect associated with thequantum interaction between zero-point energy and boundaries of the consideredphysical system; (iv) the lack of identification of the microscopic noisesources beyond the temperature model. These drawbacks do not allow to validatethe relation with experiments. By revisiting the FDT within a brief historicalsurvey, we shed new light on the existing drawbacks by providing furtherproperties of the theorem, focusing on the electrical noise of a two-terminalsample under equilibrium conditions. Accordingly, we will discuss the dualityand reciprocity properties of the theorem, its applications to the ballistictransport regime, to the case of vacuum and to the case of a photon gas.
Fast imaging of scattering obstacles from phaseless far-field  measurements at a fixed frequency	2018	This paper is concerned with the inverse obstacle scattering problem withphaseless far-field data at a fixed frequency. The main difficulty of thisproblem is the so-called translation invariance property of the modulus of thefar-field pattern or the phaseless far-field pattern generated by one planewave as the incident field, which means that the location of the obstacle cannot be recovered from such phaseless far-field data at a fixed frequency. Itwas recently proved in our previous work \cite{XZZ18} that the obstacle can beuniquely determined by the phaseless far-field patterns generated by infinitelymany sets of superpositions of two plane waves with different directions at afixed frequency if the obstacle is a priori known to be a sound-soft or animpedance obstacle with real-valued impedance function. The purpose of thispaper is to develop a direct imaging algorithm to reconstruct the location andshape of the obstacle from the phaseless far-field data corresponding toinfinitely many sets of superpositions of two plane waves with a fixedfrequency as the incident fields. Our imaging algorithm only involves thecalculation of the products of the measurement data with two exponentialfunctions at each sampling point and is thus fast and easy to implement.Further, the proposed imaging algorithm does not need to know the type ofboundary conditions on the obstacle in advance and is capable to reconstructmultiple obstacles with different boundary conditions. Numerical experimentsare also carried out to illustrate that our imaging method is stable, accurateand robust to noise.
Tunable anisotropic perfect absorption in hyperbolic metamaterials based  on black phosphorous/dielectric multilayer structures	2018	Black phosphorus (BP) as a promising two-dimensional material withextraordinary optical properties constitutes an excellent building block inmultilayer hyperbolic metamaterials. In this work, we design a multilayerstructure composed of BP/dielectric layer stacking unit cells patterned on agold mirror and theoretically demonstrate the tunable anisotropic absorption inthe infrared regime. The electric dipole resonance between the adjacent unitcells drives the structure in the critical coupling state, and impedance of thestructure matches to that of free space, showing the perfect absorption for onepolarization direction, while the impedance mismatch for the other polarizationdirection leads to only 8.2$\%$ absorption at the same wavelength. Theanisotropic absorption response of the proposed structure can be attributed tothe intrinsic anisotropy of BP, which exhibits few dependence on the incidentangle. Furthermore, we investigate the tunable optical absorption of theproposed structure with the electron doping of BP and the geometric parameters.These results demonstrate great potentials of BP in constituting multilayerhyperbolic metamaterials, and open up avenues in designing anisotropicmetadevices with tunable spectral and polarization selectivity in the infraredregime.
Sideways adiabaticity: Beyond ray optics for slowly varying metasurfaces	2018	"Optical metasurfaces (subwavelength-patterned surfaces typically described byvariable effective surface impedances) are typically modeled by anapproximation akin to ray optics: the reflection or transmission of an incidentwave at each point of the surface is computed as if the surface were ""locallyuniform"", and then the total field is obtained by summing all of these localscattered fields via a Huygens principle. (Similar approximations are found inscalar diffraction theory and in ray optics for curved surfaces.) In thispaper, we develop a precise theory of such approximations forvariable-impedance surfaces. Not only do we obtain a type of adiabatic theoremshowing that the ""zeroth-order"" locally uniform approximation converges in thelimit as the surface varies more and more slowly, including a way to quantifythe rate of convergence, but we also obtain an infinite series of higher-ordercorrections. These corrections, which can be computed to any desired order byperforming integral operations on the surface fields, allow rapidly varyingsurfaces to be modeled with arbitrary accuracy, and also allow one to validatedesigns based on the zeroth-order approximation (which is often surprisinglyaccurate) without resorting to expensive brute-force Maxwell solvers. We showthat our formulation works arbitrarily close to the surface, and can evencompute coupling to guided modes, whereas in the far-field limit ourzeroth-order result simplifies to an expression similar to what has been usedby other authors."
Low-temperature tunable radio-frequency resonator for sensitive  dispersive readout of nanoelectronic devices	2018	We present a sensitive, tunable radio-frequency resonator designed to detectreactive changes in nanoelectronic devices down to dilution refrigeratortemperatures. The resonator incorporates GaAs varicap diodes to allowelectrical tuning of the resonant frequency and the coupling to the input line.We find a resonant frequency tuning range of 8.4 MHz at 55 mK that increases to29 MHz at 1.5 K. To assess the impact on performance of different tuningconditions, we connect a quantum dot in a silicon nanowire field-effecttransistor to the resonator, and measure changes in the device capacitancecaused by cyclic electron tunneling. At 250 mK, we obtain an equivalent chargesensitivity of $43~\mu e / \sqrt{\text{Hz}}$ when the resonator and the lineare impedance-matched and show that this sensitivity can be further improved to$31~\mu e / \sqrt{\text{Hz}}$ by re-tuning the resonator. We understand thisimprovement by using an equivalent circuit model and demonstrate that formaximum sensitivity to capacitance changes, in addition to impedance matching,a high-quality resonator with low parasitic capacitance is desired.
An Advanced NCRF Linac Concept for a High Energy e$^+$e$^-$ Linear  Collider	2018	We have explored a concept for an advanced Normal-Conducting Radio-Frequency(NCRF) C-band linear accelerator (linac) structure to achieve a high gradient,high power e$^+$e$^-$ linear collider in the TeV class. This design studyrepresents the first comprehensive investigation for an emerging class ofdistributed coupling accelerator topology exploring nominal cavity geometries,frequency and temperature of operation. The structure features internalmanifolds for distributing RF power separately to each cell, permitting thefull structure geometry to be designed for high shunt impedance and lowbreakdown. Optimized within operational constraints, we find that it isadvantageous for the structure to be cooled directly by liquid nitrogen (LN),further increasing the shunt impedance. A crucial part of this design processhas been cost optimization, which is largely driven by the cost of peak RFpower. The first operation of a distributed coupling structure at cryogenictemperatures and the nominal operating gradient 120 MeV/m is also presented,demonstrating the feasibility of achieving high-gradient performance with acryogenically-cooled normal-conducting accelerating structure.
Optimizing the linearity in high-speed photodiodes	2018	Analog photonic links require high-fidelity, high-speed optical-to-electricalconversion for applications such as radio-over-fiber, synchronization atkilometer-scale facilities, and low-noise electronic signal generation.Photodetector nonlinearity is a particularly vexing problem, causing signaldistortion and excess noise, especially in systems utilizing ultrashort opticalpulses. Here we show that photodetectors designed for high power handling andhigh linearity can perform optical-to-electrical conversion of ultrashortoptical pulses with unprecedented linearity over a large photocurrent range. Wealso show that the broadband, complex impedance of the circuit following thephotodiode modifies the linearity significantly. By externally manipulating thecircuit impedance, we extend the detector's linear range to higherphotocurrents, with over 50 dB rejection of amplitude-to-phase conversion forphotocurrents up to 40 mA. This represents a 1000-fold improvement overstate-of-the-art photodiodes and significantly extends the attainable microwavepower by a factor of four. As such, we eliminate the long-standing requirementin ultrashort pulse detection of precise tuning of the photodiode's operatingparameters (average photocurrent, bias voltage or temperature) to coincide witha nonlinearity minimum. These results should also apply more generally toreduce nonlinear distortion in a range of other microwave photonicsapplications.
Excess equilibrium noise in topological SNS junction between chiral  Majorana liquids	2018	We consider a Josephson contact mediated by 1D chiral modes on a surface of a3D topological insulator with superimposed superconducting and magnetic layers.The system represents an interferometer in which 1D chiral Majorana modes onthe boundaries of superconducting electrodes are linked by ballistic chiralDirac channels. We investigate the noise of the Josephson current as a functionof the dc phase bias and the Aharonov-Bohm flux. Starting from the scatteringformalism, a Majorana representation of the Keldysh generating action forcumulants of the transmitted charge is found. At temperatures higher than theThouless energy $E_{\rm Th}$, we obtain the usual Johnson-Nyquist noise, $4G_0k_{\rm B}T$, characteristic for a single-channel wire with $G_0 \equive^2/(2\pi \hbar)$. At lower temperatures the behavior is much richer. Inparticular, the equilibrium noise is strongly enhanced to atemperature-independent value $\sim G_0 E_{\rm Th}$ if the Aharonov-Bohm andsuperconducting phases are both close to $2\pi n$, which are points of emergentdegeneracy in the ground state of the junction. The equilibrium noise isrelated to the Josephson junction's impedance via the fluctuation-dissipationtheorem. In a striking contrast to usual Josephson junctions (tunnel junctionsbetween two $s$-wave superconductors), the real part of the impedance does notvanish, reflecting the gapless character of Majorana modes in the leads.
Magneto-electric Uniaxial Metamaterials as Wide-angle,  Polarization-insensitive Matching Layers	2018	Antireflection or impedance matching is a topic that has been extensivelyresearched by the optical and microwave communities over the past century anduntil today. However, due to the diverging wave impedances of TE (s) and TM (p)polarizations with increasing incident angle, it is impossible to achieveperfect matching simultaneously for both polarizations at an oblique incidentangle with a single conventional matching layer. In this paper, we show thatsimultaneous perfecting matching of an arbitrary substrate at an arbitraryincident angle from air is possible with a single uniaxial metamaterialmatching layer (UMML) that possesses specific permittivity and permeabilitytensors. We demonstrate this concept by synthesizing a physical UMML to match ahigh-index ({\epsilon}r= 10.2) substrate at 45{\deg}. The required permittivityand permittivity tensors of the UMML are achieved through the judicious controlof the tangential and longitudinal electric and magnetic responses. Around -30dB reflections are observed for both polarizations at the design angle.Building on the UMML concept, we design a novel radome in microwave regime witha near omni-directional matching performance. For incident angles from0{\deg}-85{\deg}, reflections remain below -14 dB for both polarizations. Toour best knowledge, this is the widest angular range that has been achievedwhile maintaining less than 5% power reflection for both polarizations. Theproposed UMML concept offers a new paradigm for designing high-performancemicrowave, terahertz, and optical devices.
Superstrong coupling in circuit quantum electrodynamics	2018	Vacuum fluctuations fundamentally affect an atom by inducing a finite excitedstate lifetime along with a Lamb shift of its transition frequency. Here wereport the reverse effect: modification of vacuum modes by a single atom incircuit quantum electrodynamics. Our one-dimensional vacuum is a long sectionof a high wave impedance (comparable to resistance quantum) superconductingtransmission line. It is directly wired to a transmon qubit circuit. Owing tothe combination of high impedance and galvanic connection, the transmon'sspontaneous emission linewidth can greatly exceed the discrete transmissionline modes spacing. This condition defines a previously unexplored\textit{superstrong} coupling regime of quantum electrodynamics where manyfrequency-resolved vacuum modes hybridize with a single atom. We establish thisregime by observing the spontaneous emission line of the transmon, revealedthrough the mode-by-mode measurement of the vacuum's density of states. Thelinewidth as well as the atom-induced dispersive photon-photon interaction areaccurately described by a physically transparent Caldeira-Leggett model, withthe transmon's quartic non-linearity treated as a perturbation.Non-perturbative modification of vacuum, including inelastic scattering ofsingle photons, can be enabled by the superstrong coupling regime uponreplacing the transmon by more anharmonic qubits, with broad implications forsimulating quantum impurity models of many-body physics.
Energy-resolved Photoconductivity Mapping in a Monolayer-bilayer WSe2  Lateral Heterostructure	2018	Vertical and lateral heterostructures of van der Waals materials providetremendous flexibility for band structure engineering. Since electronic bandsare sensitively affected by defects, strain, and interlayer coupling, the edgeand heterojunction of these two-dimensional (2D) systems may exhibit novelphysical properties, which can be fully revealed only by spatially resolvedprobes. Here, we report the spatial mapping of photoconductivity in amonolayer-bilayer WSe2 lateral heterostructure under multiple excitationlasers. As the photon energy increases, the light-induced conductivity detectedby microwave impedance microscopy first appears along the hetero-interface andbilayer edge, then along the monolayer edge, inside the bilayer area, andfinally in the interior of the monolayer region. The sequential emergence ofmobile carriers in different sections of the sample is consistent with thetheoretical calculation of local energy gaps. Quantitative analysis of themicroscopy and transport data also reveals the linear dependence ofphotoconductivity on the laser intensity and the influence of interlayercoupling on carrier recombination. Combining theoretical modeling, atomic scaleimaging, mesoscale impedance microscopy, and device-level characterization, ourwork suggests an exciting perspective to control the intrinsic band-gapvariation in 2D heterostructures down to the few-nanometer regime.
Energy regenerative damping in variable impedance actuators for  long-term robotic deployment	2018	Energy efficiency is a crucial issue towards longterm deployment of compliantrobots in the real world. In the context of variable impedance actuators(VIAs), one of the main focuses has been on improving energy efficiency throughreduction of energy consumption. However, the harvesting of dissipated energyin such systems remains under-explored. This study proposes a novel variabledamping module design enabling energy regeneration in VIAs by exploiting theregenerative braking effect of DC motors. The proposed damping module uses fourswitches to combine regenerative and dynamic braking, in a hybrid approach thatenables energy regeneration without a reduction in the range of dampingachievable. A physical implementation on a simple VIA mechanism is presented inwhich the regenerative properties of the proposed module are characterised andcompared against theoretical predictions. To investigate the role of variableregenerative damping in terms of energy efficiency of longterm operation,experiments are reported in which the VIA equipped with the proposed dampingmodule performs sequential reaching to a series of stochastic targets. Theresults indicate that the combination of variable stiffness and variableregenerative damping is preferable to achieve the optimal trade-off betweentask performance and energy efficiency. Use of the latter results in a 25%performance improvement on overall performance metrics (incorporating reachingaccuracy, settling time, energy consumption and regeneration), over comparableschemes where either stiffness or damping are fixed.
Head phantoms for electroencephalography and transcranial electric  stimulation: a skull material study	2018	Physical head phantoms allow assessing source reconstruction procedures inelectroencephalography and electrical stimulation profiles during transcranialelectric stimulation. Volume conduction in the head is strongly influenced bythe skull representing the main conductivity barrier. Realistic modeling of itscharacteristics is thus important for phantom development. In the presentstudy, we proposed plastic clay as a material for modeling the skull inphantoms. We analyzed five clay types varying in granularity and fractions offireclay, each with firing temperatures from 550 {\deg}C to 950 {\deg}C. Weinvestigated the conductivity of standardized clay samples when immersed in a0.9% sodium chloride solution with time-resolved four-point impedancemeasurements. To test the reusability of the clay model, these measurementswere repeated after cleaning the samples by rinsing in deionized water for 5 h.We found time-dependent impedance changes for approximately 5 min afterimmersion in the solution. Thereafter, the conductivities stabilized between0.0716 S/m and 0.0224 S/m depending on clay type and firing temperatures. Thereproducibility of the measurement results proved the effectiveness of therinsing procedure. Clay provides formability, is permeable for ions, can beadjusted in conductivity value and is thus suitable for the skull modeling inphantoms.
Intelligent Metasurfaces with Continuously Tunable Local Surface  Impedance for Multiple Reconfigurable Functions	2018	Electromagnetic metasurfaces can be characterized as intelligent if they areable to perform multiple tunable functions, with the desired response beingcontrolled by a computer influencing the individual electromagnetic propertiesof each metasurface inclusion. In this paper, we present an example of anintelligent metasurface which operates in the reflection mode in the microwavefrequency range. We numerically show that without changing the main body of themetasurface we can achieve tunable perfect absorption and tunable anomalousreflection. The tunability features can be implemented using mixed-signalintegrated circuits (ICs), which can independently vary both the resistance andreactance, offering complete local control over the complex surface impedance.The ICs are embedded in the unit cells by connecting two metal patches over athin grounded substrate and the reflection property of the intelligentmetasurface can be readily controlled by a computer. Our intelligentmetasurface can have significant influence on future space-time modulatedmetasurfaces and a multitude of applications, such as beam steering, energyharvesting, and communications.
Design of an Efficient Single-Stage and 2-Stages Class-E Power Amplifier  (2.4GHz) for Internet-of-Things	2018	In this work, the designs of a single-stage and 2-stage 2.4 GHz poweramplifier (PA) are presented. The proposed PAs have been designed to providehigh gain and improved efficiency using harmonic suppression and optimizedimpedance matching techniques. There are two harmonic suppression circuits,each stage of the PA consists of 2 capacitors and 2 inductors, which will helpto suppress the harmonic frequency for 2.4 GHz. These suppression circuits willhelp to enhance the overall efficiency of the PAs. Both the PAs are providedwith a VCC supply of 4.2V. Input and output impedances are matched to 50 ohms.Simulation and experimental results are presented, where the simulated gain andpower added efficiency (PAE) for single stage PA are 17:58dB and 53%,respectively. While the experimental gain and PAE are 16:7dB and 49.5%,respectively. On the other hand, for 2-stages PA, simulated gain comes out tobe 34.6dB and PAE is 55%, while the experimental gain and PAE are 30.5dB and53.1%, respectively. The final design is being fabricated on the Taconicprinted circuit board (PCB) with a thickness of 0.79mm and the dielectricconstant value of 3.2 and its dimensions are 4.6cm x 3.4cm for single stage and5.9cm x 3.6cm for 2-stages PA.
Anderson localization and delocalization of massless two-dimensional  Dirac electrons in random one-dimensional scalar and vector potentials	2019	We study Anderson localization of massless Dirac electrons in two dimensionsin one-dimensional random scalar and vector potentials theoretically for twodifferent cases, in which the scalar and vector potentials are eitheruncorrelated or correlated. From the Dirac equation, we deduce the effectivewave impedance, using which we derive the condition for total transmission andthose for delocalization in our random models analytically. Based on theinvariant imbedding theory, we also develop a numerical method to calculate thelocalization length exactly for arbitrary strengths of disorder. In addition,we derive analytical expressions for the localization length, which areextremely accurate in the weak and strong disorder limits. In the presence ofboth scalar and vector potentials, the conditions for total transmission andcomplete delocalization are generalized from the usual Klein tunneling case. Wefind that the incident angles at which electron waves are either completelytransmitted or delocalized can be tuned to arbitrary values. When the strengthof scalar potential disorder increases to infinity, the localization lengthalso increases to infinity, both in uncorrelated and correlated cases. Thedetailed dependencies of the localization length on incident angle, disorderstrength and energy are elucidated and the discrepancies with previous studiesand some new results are discussed. All the results are explained intuitivelyusing the concept of wave impedance.
An ultrahigh-impedance superconducting thermal switch for interfacing  superconductors to semiconductors and optoelectronics	2019	A number of current approaches to quantum and neuromorphic computing usesuperconductors as the basis of their platform or as a measurement component,and will need to operate at cryogenic temperatures. Semiconductor systems aretypically proposed as a top-level control in these architectures, withlow-temperature passive components and intermediary superconducting electronicsacting as the direct interface to the lowest-temperature stages. Thearchitectures, therefore, require a low-power superconductor-semiconductorinterface, which is not currently available. Here we report a superconductingswitch that is capable of translating low-voltage superconducting inputsdirectly into semiconductor-compatible (above 1,000 mV) outputs at kelvin-scaletemperatures (1 K or 4 K). To illustrate the capabilities in interfacingsuperconductors and semiconductors, we use it to drive a light-emitting diode(LED) in a photonic integrated circuit, generating photons at 1 K from alow-voltage input and detecting them with an on-chip superconductingsingle-photon detector. We also characterize our device's timing response (lessthan 300 ps turn-on, 15 ns turn-off), output impedance (greater than 1M{\Omega}), and energy requirements (0.18 fJ/um^2, 3.24 mV/nW).
Impedance boundary conditions for acoustic time harmonic wave  propagation in viscous gases	2019	We present Helmholtz or Helmholtz like equations for the approximation of thetime-harmonic wave propagation in gases with small viscosity, which arecompleted with local boundary conditions on rigid walls. We derivedapproximative models based on the method of multiple scales for the pressureand the velocity separately, both up to order 2. Approximations to the pressureare described by the Helmholtz equations with impedance boundary conditions,which relate its normal derivative to the pressure itself. The boundaryconditions from first order on are of Wentzell type and include a secondtangential derivative of the pressure proportional to the square root of theviscosity, and take thereby absorption inside the viscosity boundary layer ofthe underlying velocity into account. The velocity approximations are describedby Helmholtz like equations for the velocity, where the Laplace operator isreplaced by $\nabla \operatorname{div}$, and the local boundary conditionsrelate the normal velocity component to its divergence. The velocityapproximations are for the so-called far field and do not exhibit a boundarylayer. Including a boundary corrector, the so called near field, the velocityapproximation is accurate even up to the domain boundary. The boundaryconditions are stable and asymptotically exact, which is justified by acomplete mathematical analysis. The results of some numerical experiments arepresented to illustrate the theoretical foundation.
Setup for simultaneous electrochemical and color impedance measurements  of electrochromic films: theory, assessment, and test measurement	2019	Combined frequency-resolved techniques are suitable to study electrochromic(EC) materials. We present an experimental setup for simultaneouselectrochemical and color impedance studies of EC systems in transmission modeand estimate its frequency-dependent uncertainty by measuring the backgroundnoise. We define the frequency-dependent variables that are relevant to thecombined measurement scheme, and a special emphasis is given to the complexoptical capacitance and the complex differential coloration efficiency, whichprovide the relation between the electrical and optical responses. Results of atest measurement on amorphous $\mathrm{WO}_3$ with LED light sources of peakwavelengths of $470$, $530$, and $810~\mathrm{nm}$ are shown and discussed. Inthis case, the amplitude of the complex differential coloration efficiencypresented a monotonous increase down to about $0.3~\mathrm{Hz}$ and was closeto a constant value for lower frequencies. We study the effect of theexcitation voltage amplitude on the linearity of the electrical and opticalresponses for the case of amorphous $\mathrm{WO}_3$ at$2.6~\mathrm{V}~\mathrm{vs.}~\mathrm{Li/Li}^+$, where a trade-off should bemade between the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the optical signal and thelinearity of the system. For the studied case, it was possible to increase theupper accessible frequency of the combined techniques (defined in this work asthe upper threshold of the frequency region for which the SNR of the opticalsignal is greater than $5$) from $11.2~\mathrm{Hz}$ to $125.9~\mathrm{Hz}$while remaining in the linear regime with a tolerance of less than $5\%$.
Electrochemical Impedance spectroscopy study of AgI-Ag2O-MoO3 Glasses:  Understanding the Diffusion, Relaxation, Fragility and Power Law Behavior	2019	Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy and Raman studies are performed onfast ion conducting, AgI-Ag2O-MoO3 glasses, over a wide range of composition tounderstand the features of structure, ion migration and their correlation.These features essentially involve diffusion and relaxation. The coefficientsassociated with diffusion process, especially, the diffusion coefficient,diffusion length and relaxation time has been determined by applyingNguyen-Breitkopf method. Besides, by tuning the concentration of theconstituents, it is possible to obtain samples those exhibit two importantstructural characteristics; Fragility and Polymeric phase formation. Thepresent study essentially addresses these issues and endeavors to figure outthe corroboration among them. The relaxation behavior, when scrutinized in thelight of Diffusion Controlled Relaxation model, ascertains the fragilitythreshold which is also identified as the margin between the two types ofpolymeric phases. Simultaneously, it fathoms into the equivalent circuitry, itselements and their behavioral changes with above mentioned features. The powerlaw behavior of A.C. conductivity exhibits three different non-Jonscher typedispersive regimes along with a high frequency plateau. The sub-linearity andsuper-linearity remain significantly below and above the Jonscher's carriertransport limit, 0.5 < n < 0.9. Finally, by observing the behavior of thecrossover between these sub-linear and super-linear (SLPL) regime, an intuitivesuggestion has been proposed for the appearance of SLPL; oxygen vacancyformation at higher frequency.
Variable Impedance Control in End-Effector Space: An Action Space for  Reinforcement Learning in Contact-Rich Tasks	2019	Reinforcement Learning (RL) of contact-rich manipulation tasks has yieldedimpressive results in recent years. While many studies in RL focus on varyingthe observation space or reward model, few efforts focused on the choice ofaction space (e.g. joint or end-effector space, position, velocity, etc.).However, studies in robot motion control indicate that choosing an action spacethat conforms to the characteristics of the task can simplify exploration andimprove robustness to disturbances. This paper studies the effect of differentaction spaces in deep RL and advocates for Variable Impedance Control inEnd-effector Space (VICES) as an advantageous action space for constrained andcontact-rich tasks. We evaluate multiple action spaces on three prototypicalmanipulation tasks: Path Following (task with no contact), Door Opening (taskwith kinematic constraints), and Surface Wiping (task with continuous contact).We show that VICES improves sample efficiency, maintains low energyconsumption, and ensures safety across all three experimental setups. Further,RL policies learned with VICES can transfer across different robot models insimulation, and from simulation to real for the same robot. Further informationis available at https://stanfordvl.github.io/vices.
Heuristics for Transmission Expansion Planning in Low-Carbon Energy  System Models	2019	Governments across the world are planning to increase the share of renewablesin their energy systems. The siting of new wind and solar power plants requiresclose coordination with grid planning, and hence co-optimization of investmentin generation and transmission expansion in spatially and temporally resolvedmodels is an indispensable but complex problem. Particularly considerations oftransmission expansion planning (TEP) add to the problem's complexity. Even ifthe power flow equations are linearized, the optimization problem is stillbilinear and mixed-integer due to the dependence of line expansion on lineimpedance and a discrete set of line expansion options. While it is possible tolinearize this mixed-integer nonlinear program (MINLP) by applying a big-Mdisjunctive relaxation, the resulting MILP is still hard to solve usingstate-of-the-art solvers for large-scale energy system models. In this paper wetherefore develop heuristics to incorporate integer transmission expansion andresponsive line impedances in energy system models, while retaining the lowercomputational effort of continuous linear programming (LP) by applyingsequential linear programming (SLP) techniques, relaxation and discretizationapproaches. We benchmark their performance against the results of the exactformulation for a policy-relevant case study of the German transmission systemin terms of their speed-up in computation time, deviation from optimal totalsystem cost, and similarity of line expansion. Using heuristics we reducecomputation times of joint generation and transmission optimisation by 82% witha maximal total system cost deviation of only 1.5%. The heuristics closelymirror optimal integer line investment of the exact MINLP with considerabletime savings for policy-relevant low-carbon energy system optimization models.
Influence of Load Models on Equilibria, Stability and Algebraic  Manifolds of Power System Differential-Algebraic System	2019	Load models have a great impact on voltage behaviors as well as power systemtransient dynamics. Extensive work has been done on this topic, proposingappropriate load models and capturing better load behaviors during transient.This paper presents a comprehensive study to investigate the geometric andtopological changes induced by different load models for the traditional powersystem differential-algebraic equations. Specifically, we attempt to reveal thedeformation of equilibria, stability regions, and algebraic manifolds during acontinuous evolution of load model. Several findings are presented in thepaper, some of which countering traditional recognitions and intuitions. Amajor discovery is that the load model with a large proportion of constantimpedance and a small proportion of constant power exhibits much more complexfeatures than the load model with the reversed proportions of impedance andpower. The increase of complexity is thoroughly recorded and investigated bythe changes of geometric properties and mutations of topological invariants inthe sense of equilibria, stability regions, and algebraic manifolds for the DAEsystem. However, most of the changes seem to occur on unstable components ofalgebraic manifolds or near the singular boundary surfaces, suggesting alimited variation of dynamical behaviors on the stable component.
Phonon traps reduce the quasiparticle density in superconducting  circuits	2019	Out of equilibrium quasiparticles (QPs) are one of the main sources ofdecoherence in superconducting quantum circuits, and are particularlydetrimental in devices with high kinetic inductance, such as high impedanceresonators, qubits, and detectors. Despite significant progress in theunderstanding of QP dynamics, pinpointing their origin and decreasing theirdensity remain outstanding tasks. The cyclic process of recombination andgeneration of QPs implies the exchange of phonons between the superconductingthin film and the underlying substrate. Reducing the number of substratephonons with frequencies exceeding the spectral gap of the superconductorshould result in a reduction of QPs. Indeed, we demonstrate that surroundinghigh impedance resonators made of granular aluminum (grAl) with lower gappedthin film aluminum islands increases the internal quality factors of theresonators in the single photon regime, suppresses the noise, and reduces therate of observed QP bursts. The aluminum islands are positioned far enough fromthe resonators to be electromagnetically decoupled, thus not changing theresonator frequency, nor the loading. We therefore attribute the improvementsobserved in grAl resonators to phonon trapping at frequencies close to thespectral gap of aluminum, well below the grAl gap.
Investigation of the Power Consumption of the PETsys TOFPET2 ASIC	2019	In state-of-the-art positron emission (PET) tomography systems,application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs)are commonly used to preciselydigitize the signals of analog silicon photo-multipliers (SiPMs). However, whenoperating PET electronics in a magnetic resonance (MR) system, one faces thechallenge of mutual interference of these imaging techniques. To prevent signaldeterioration along long analog signal lines, PET electronics with a low powerconsumption digitizing the signals close to the SiPMs are preferred. In thisstudy, we evaluate the power consumption of the TOFPET2 ASIC. Its powerconsumption ranges from 3.6 to 7.2 mW/channel as a function of the input stageimpedance and discriminator noise settings. We present an analytical modelallowing to compute the power consumption of a given ASIC configuration. Theconfigured input stage impedance and discriminator noise have an impact on thecoincidence resolution time, energy resolution, and photon trigger level. Sincethe TOFPET2 ASIC delivers state-of-the-art performance with a power consumptionsimilar or even lower than other ASICs typically used for PET applications, itis a favorable candidate to digitize the signals of SiPMs in futuresimultaneous PET/MR systems.
Observation of quantum many-body effects due to zero point fluctuations  in superconducting circuits	2019	Electromagnetic fields possess zero point fluctuations (ZPF) which lead toobservable effects such as the Lamb shift and the Casimir effect. In thetraditional quantum optics domain, these corrections remain perturbative due tothe smallness of the fine structure constant. To provide a direct observationof non-perturbative effects driven by ZPF in an open quantum system we wire ahighly non-linear Josephson junction to a high impedance transmission line,allowing large phase fluctuations across the junction. Consequently, theresonance of the former acquires a relative frequency shift that is orders ofmagnitude larger than for natural atoms. Detailed modelling confirms that thisrenormalization is non-linear and quantum. Remarkably, the junction transfersits non-linearity to about 30 environmental modes, a striking back-actioneffect that transcends the standard Caldeira-Leggett paradigm. This work opensmany exciting prospects for longstanding quests such as the tailoring ofmany-body Hamiltonians in the strongly non-linear regime, the observation ofBloch oscillations, or the development of high-impedance qubits.
Energy-efficient ultrafast SOT-MRAMs based on low-resistivity spin Hall  metal Au0.25Pt0.75	2019	Many key electronic technologies (e.g., large-scale computing, machinelearning, and superconducting electronics) require new memories that are fast,reliable, energy-efficient, and of low-impedance at the same time, which hasremained a challenge. Non-volatile magnetoresistive random access memories(MRAMs) driven by spin-orbit torques (SOTs) have promise to be faster and moreenergy-efficient than conventional semiconductor and spin-transfer-torquemagnetic memories. This work reports that the spin Hall effect oflow-resistivity Au0.25Pt0.75 thin films enables ultrafast antidamping-torqueswitching of SOT-MRAM devices for current pulse widths as short as 200 ps. Ifcombined with industrial-quality lithography and already-demonstratedinterfacial engineering, our results show that an optimized MRAM cell based onAu0.25Pt0.75 can have energy-efficient, ultrafast, and reliable switching, e.g.a write energy of < 1 fJ (< 50 fJ) for write error rate of 50% (<1e-5) for 1 nspulses. The antidamping torque switching of the Au0.25Pt0.75 devices is 10times faster than expected from a rigid macrospin model, most likely because ofthe fast micromagnetics due to the enhanced non-uniformity within the freelayer. These results demonstrate the feasibility of Au0.25Pt0.75-basedSOT-MRAMs as a candidate for ultrafast, reliable, energy-efficient,low-impedance, and unlimited-endurance memory.
Towards Quantifying Neurovascular Resilience	2019	Whilst grading neurovascular abnormalities is critical for prompt surgicalrepair, no statistical markers are currently available for predicting the riskof adverse events, such as stroke, and the overall resilience of a network tovascular complications. The lack of compact, fast, and scalable simulationswith network perturbations impedes the analysis of the vascular resilience tolife-threatening conditions, surgical interventions and long-term follow-up. Weintroduce a graph-based approach for efficient simulations, which statisticallyestimates biomarkers from a series of perturbations on the patient-specificvascular network. Analog-equivalent circuits are derived from clinicalangiographies. Vascular graphs embed mechanical attributes modelling theimpedance of a tubular structure with stenosis, tortuosity and completeocclusions. We evaluate pressure and flow distributions, simulating healthytopologies and abnormal variants with perturbations in key pathologicalscenarios. These describe the intrinsic network resilience to pathology, anddelineate the underlying cerebrovascular autoregulation mechanisms. Lastly, aputative graph sampling strategy is devised on the same formulation, to supportthe topological inference of uncertain neurovascular graphs.
Melanoma detection with electrical impedance spectroscopy and dermoscopy  using joint deep learning models	2019	The initial assessment of skin lesions is typically based on dermoscopicimages. As this is a difficult and time-consuming task, machine learningmethods using dermoscopic images have been proposed to assist human experts.Other approaches have studied electrical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) as abasis for clinical decision support systems. Both methods represent differentways of measuring skin lesion properties as dermoscopy relies on visible lightand EIS uses electric currents. Thus, the two methods might carry complementaryfeatures for lesion classification. Therefore, we propose joint deep learningmodels considering both EIS and dermoscopy for melanoma detection. For thispurpose, we first study machine learning methods for EIS that incorporatedomain knowledge and previously used heuristics into the design process. As aresult, we propose a recurrent model with state-max-pooling which automaticallylearns the relevance of different EIS measurements. Second, we combine this newmodel with different convolutional neural networks that process dermoscopicimages. We study ensembling approaches and also propose a cross-attentionmodule guiding information exchange between the EIS and dermoscopy model. Ingeneral, combinations of EIS and dermoscopy clearly outperform models that onlyuse either EIS or dermoscopy. We show that our attention-based, combined modeloutperforms other models with specificities of 34.4% (CI 31.3-38.4), 34.7% (CI31.0-38.8) and 53.7% (CI 50.1-57.6) for dermoscopy, EIS and the combined model,respectively, at a clinically relevant sensitivity of 98%.
Acoustic scattering by cascades with complex boundary conditions:  compliance, porosity and impedance	2019	We present a solution for the scattered field caused by an incident waveinteracting with an infinite cascade of blades with complex boundaryconditions. This extends previous studies by allowing the blades to becompliant, porous or satisfying a generalised impedance condition. Beginningwith the convected wave equation, we employ Fourier transforms to obtain anintegral equation amenable to the Wiener--Hopf method. This Wiener--Hopf systemis solved using a method that avoids the factorisation of matrix functions. TheFourier transform is inverted to obtain an expression for the acousticpotential function that is valid throughout the entire domain. We observe thatthe principal effect of complex boundary conditions is to perturb the zeros ofthe Wiener--Hopf kernel, which correspond to the duct modes in the inter-bladeregion. We focus efforts on understanding the role of porosity, and present arange of results on sound transmission and generation. The behaviour of theduct modes is discussed in detail in order to explain the physical mechanismsbehind the associated noise reductions. In particular, we show that cut-on ductmodes do not exist for arbitrary porosity coefficients. Conversely, theacoustic modes are unchanged by modifications to the boundary conditions.Consequently, we observe that even modest values of porosity can result inreductions in the sound power level of $5$ dB for the first mode and $20$ dBfor the second mode. The solution is essentially analytic (the only numericalrequirements are matrix inversion and root finding) and is therefore extremelyrapid to compute.
Broadband Anomalous Reflection with Dispersion Controlled Metasurfaces	2019	Metasurfaces have emerged as a promising technology for the manipulation ofelectromagnetic waves within a thin layer. Initially based on narrowband designprinciples, the field has since expanded to include broadband achromaticdesigns, which maintain reflection or refraction angles over some bandwidth,and broadband dispersive designs, which maintain high efficiency in a broadbandwidth, but with varying reflection or refraction angle. To date most ofthese broadband structures were designed using relatively ad-hoc methods. Forplanar metallic structures used at microwave and millimeter waves, there existrigorous narrowband design methods, based on the equivalent impedance of thepatterned metallic layers. In this work we extend these methods, to show howbroadband impedance functions can be fitted to LC resonance models. Thisenables the realization of broadband reflective metasurfaces, using relativelysimple geometries. We show the limitations on bandwidth that arise when using astructure with a single resonance, and the minimum physically realizablefrequency, which is dictated by the substrate properties. We demonstrate thatfor achromatic metasurfaces, the required capacitance and inductance valuesbecome extreme as the metasurface size increases, leading to difficulties inrealizing them with meta-atoms. Therefore, we apply our method to the designand realization of a broadband dispersive metasurface, which avoids extremevalues. We perform measurements at millimeter wave frequencies, showing afractional bandwidth of 18.22\%, compared to 9.98\% for a reference designbased on the more conventional narrowband approach.
Interfacial Load Monitoring and Failure Detection in Total Joint  Replacements via Piezoresistive Bone Cement and Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2019	Aseptic loosening, or loss of implant fixation, is a common complicationfollowing total joint replacement. Revision surgeries cost the healthcaresystem over $8 billion annually in the US. Despite the prevalence of asepticloosening, timely and accurate detection remains a challenge becausetraditional imaging modalities such as plain radiographs struggle to reliablydetect the early stages of implant loosening. Motivated by this challenge, wepresent a novel approach for in vivo monitoring and failure detection ofcemented joint replacements. Poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) bone cement ismodified with low volume fractions of chopped carbon fiber (CF) to impartpiezoresistive-based self-sensing. Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) isthen used to detect and monitor load-induced deformation and fracture ofCF/PMMA in a phantom tank. We therefore show that EIT indeed is able to adeptlydetect loading force on a prosthetic surrogate, distinguish between increasingload magnitudes, detect failure of implant fixation, and even distinguishbetween cement cracking and cement de-bonding. Because EIT is a low-cost,physiologically benign, and potentially real-time imaging modality, thefeasibility study herein presented has potential to transform the standard ofcare for post-operative monitoring of implant conditions. Beyond clinicalrelevance, this technique could positively impact orthopedic researchers byproviding, via in vivo monitoring, insight into the factors that initiateaseptic loosening.
Moir Potential Impedes Interlayer Exciton Diffusion in van der Waals  Heterostructures	2019	The properties of van der Waals (vdW) heterostructures are drasticallyaltered by a tunable moir\'e superlattice arising from periodic variations ofatomic alignment between the layers. Exciton diffusion represents an importantchannel of energy transport in semiconducting transition metal dichalcogenides(TMDs). While early studies performed on TMD heterobilayers have suggested thatcarriers and excitons exhibit long diffusion lengths, a rich variety ofscenarios can exist. In a moir\'e crystal with a large supercell size and deeppotential, interlayer excitons may be completely localized. As the moir\'eperiod reduces at a larger twist angle, excitons can tunnel between supercellsand diffuse over a longer lifetime. The diffusion length should be the longestin commensurate heterostructures where the moir\'e superlattice is completelyabsent. In this study, we experimentally demonstrate that the moir\'e potentialimpedes interlayer exciton diffusion by comparing a number of WSe2/MoSe2heterostructures prepared with chemical vapor deposition and mechanicalstacking with accurately controlled twist angles. Our results provide criticalguidance to developing 'twistronic' devices that explore the moir\'esuperlattice to engineer material properties.
Broadband Free Space Impedance in $\mathrm{Co_2Z}$ Hexaferrites by  Substitution of Quadrivalent Heavy Transition Metal Ions for Miniaturized RF  Devices	2020	Polycrystalline samples of Z-type hexaferrites, having nominal compositions$\mathrm{Ba_3Co_{2+x}Fe_{24-2x}M_xO_{41}}$ where M = $\mathrm{Ir^{4+}, Hf^{4+},Mo^{4+}}$ and x=0 and 0.05, were processed via ceramic processing protocols inpursuit of low magnetic and dielectric losses as well as equivalentpermittivity and permeability. Fine process control was conducted to ensureoptimal magnetic properties. Organic dispersants (i.e., isobutylene and maleicanhydride) were employed to achieve maximum densities. Crystallographicstructure, characterized by X-ray diffraction, revealed that doping with$\mathrm{Ir^{4+}, Hf^{4+}, Mo^{4+}}$ did not adversely affect the crystalstructure and phase purity of the Z-type hexaferrite. The measured microwaveand magnetic properties show that the resonant frequency shifts depending onthe specific dopant allowing for tunability of the operational frequency andbandwidth. The frequency bandwidth in which permittivity and permeability arevery near equal (i.e., ~400 MHz for $\mathrm{Mo^{4+}}$ (x), where x=0.05doping) is shown to occur at frequencies between 0.2 and 1.0 GHz depending ondopant type. These results give rise to low loss at 650 MHz, with considerablesize reduction of an order of magnitude, while maintaining the characteristicimpedance of free space (i.e., 377 $\mathrm{\Omega}$). These results allow forminiaturization and optimized band-pass performance of magnetodielectricmaterials for communication devices such as antenna and radomes that can beengineered to operate over desired frequency ranges using cost effective andvolumetric processing methodologies.
Intrinsic Anisotropy and Pinning Anisotropy in Nanostructured  YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-}$ from Microwave Measurements	2020	Anisotropy is an intrinsic factor that dictates the magnetic properties ofYBCO, thus with great impact for many applications. Artificial pinning centresare often introduced in an attempt to mitigate its effect, resulting in lessanisotropic electrical and magnetic properties. However, the nanoengineering ofthe superconductor makes the quantification of the anisotropy itself uncertain:the intrinsic anisotropy due to the layered structure, quantified by theanisotropy factor $\gamma$, mixes up with the additional anisotropy due topinning. As a consequence, there is no consensus on the experimental anisotropyfactor $\gamma$ that can result in YBCO when directional (twin planes,nanorods) or isotropic defects are present. We present here measurements of themagnetic field and angular dependent surface impedance in very differentnanostructured YBCO films, grown by chemical route and by pulsed laserdeposition, with different kind of defects (nanorods, twin planes,nanoparticles). We show that the surface impedance measurements are able todisentangle the intrinsic anisotropy from the directional pinning anisotropy,thanks to the possibility to extract the true anisotropic flux--flowresistivity and by correctly exploiting the angular scaling. We find in allfilms that the intrinsic anisotropy $\gamma = 5.3\pm0.7$. By contrast, thepinning anisotropy determines a much complex, feature--rich and nonuniversal,sample--dependent angular landscape.
A Self-Matched Leaky-Wave Antenna for Ultrahigh-Field MRI with Low SAR	2020	The technology of magnetic resonance imaging is developing towards highermagnetic fields to improve resolution and contrast. However, whole-body imagingat 7 T or even higher fields remains challenging due to wave interference,tissue inhomogneities and high RF power deposition. Nowadays, proper RFexcitation of a human body in prostate and cardiac MRI is only possible toachieve by using phased arrays of antennas attached to the body (so-calledsurface coils). Due to safety concerns, the design of such coils aims tominimize the local specific absorption rate (SAR) keeping the highest possibleRF signal in the region of interest. All previously demonstrated approacheswere based on resonant structures such as e. g.dipoles, capacitively-loadedloops, TEM-line sections. In this study, we show that there is a bettercompromise between the transmit signal and the local SAR using non-resonantsurface coils due to weaker RF near fields in the close proximity of theirconductors. With this aim, we propose and experimentally demonstrate a firstleaky-wave surface coil implemented as a periodically-slotted microstriptransmission line. Due to its non-resonant radiation, the proposed coil inducesonly slightly over half the peak local SAR compared to a state-of-the-artdipole coil, but has the same transmit efficiency in prostate imaging at 7 T.Unlike other coils, the leaky-wave coil intrinsically matches its inputimpedance to the averaged wave impedance of body tissues in a broad frequencyrange, which makes it very attractive for future clinical applications of 7 TMRI.
Broadband Magnetoresistance in Ferromagnetic and Paramagnetic Samples of  La0.7Ca0.3-xSrxMnO3	2020	We have studied the room-temperature magnetoimpedance of paramagnetic (x =0.06) and ferromagnetic (x = 0.1) samples in La0.7Ca0.3-xSrxMnO3 series using aradio-frequency impedance analyzer and also microwave power absorption using anetwork analyzer. In both measurements, samples were enclosed tightly inside acopper stripcoil and impedance or reflection coefficient of this copperstripcoil was measured as a function of the applied magnetic field fordifferent frequencies of current (f = 0.1 to 2.5 GHz). The direction of theapplied magnetic field was perpendicular to the alternating magnetic fieldproduced by the coil. In the ferromagnetic sample (x = 0.1), magnetoresistanceshows a peak around zero field for lower frequencies but a peak appears at Haway from the origin at higher frequencies. The position of the peak shiftstowards higher fields with increasing frequency. A similar trend is also foundfor the paramagnetic sample (x = 0.06) but the peak occurs at a higher fieldcompared to the ferromagnetic sample for the same frequency. Microwave powerabsorption also shows features similar to magnetoresistance. Line shapeanalysis of the data was performed by fitting the data to a Lorentzianfunction. It is concluded that the observed features are imprints offerromagnetic resonance in x = 0.1 and paramagnetic resonance in x = 0.06samples.
Trapped air metamaterials for ultrasonic sub-wavelength imaging in water	2020	Acoustic metamaterials constructed from conventional base materials canexhibit exotic phenomena such as negative refractive index, extraordinarytransmission-absorption and sub-wavelength imaging. These are typicallyachieved by combining geometrical and resonance effects. Holey-structuredacoustic metamaterials have already shown potential for sub-wavelength acousticimaging in air, where it is relatively simple to achieve the requireddifference in acoustic impedance needed to create resonances within the holes.However, the use of polymers for metamaterial operation in water is difficult,due to the much lower difference in acoustic impedance between water and themany polymers used, for example, in additive manufacturing. Hence, metals arecommonly used. Here we show that this can be overcome by trapping air layers sothat they surround each water-filled channel, making sub-wavelength imaging inwater possible. The operation of such a Trapped air design is confirmed at200-300 kHz ultrasonic frequencies via both finite element modelling andexperimental measurements in a water tank. It is also shown quantitatively thatthe trapped air design outperforms its metal counterpart. The results indicatea way forward for exploiting additive-manufacturing for realising acousticmetamaterials in water at ultrasonic frequencies.
High-efficiency, Wideband GRIN Lenses with Intrinsically Matched  Unit-cells	2020	We present an automated design procedure for the rapid realization ofwideband millimeter-wave lens antennas. The design method is based upon thecreation of a library of matched unit-cells which comprise wideband impedancematching sections on either side of a phase-delaying core section. The phaseaccumulation and impedance match of each unit-cell is characterized overfrequency and incident angle. The lens is divided into rings, each of which isassigned an optimal unit-cell based on incident angle and required local phasecorrection given that the lens must collimate the incident wavefront. Aunit-cell library for a given realizable permittivity range, lens thickness,and unit-cell stack-up can be used to design a wide variety of flat widebandlenses for various diameters, feed elements, and focal distances. Ademonstration GRIN lens antenna is designed, fabricated, and measured in bothfar-field and near-field chambers. The antenna functions as intended from 14GHz to 40 GHz and is therefore suitable for all proposed 5G MMW bands, Ku- andKa-band fixed satellite services. The use of intrinsically matched unit-cellsresults in aperture efficiency ranging from 31% to 72% over the 2.9:1 bandwidthwhich is the highest aperture efficiency demonstrated across such a wideoperating band.
Detection and localization of Coronary Arterial Lesion with the Aid of  Impedance Cardiography	2020	In recent years, coronary artery disease is escalating and is likely toassume an epidemic proportion by 2030. Currently the reliable methods fordetection of coronary arterial lesions are either conventional coronaryangiogram (CAG) or MDCT (Multiple Detector Computed Tomography) coronaryangiogram. Conventional CAG is an invasive procedure. Conventional CAG and CT(Computed Tomography) angiogram, both require expert supervision of either aninterventional cardiologist or a radiologist. In this work, we have proposed anovel design and method for non-invasive detection and localization of coronaryarterial lesion using Impedance Cardiography (ICG). The ICG signal recorded bythe proposed device is used to extract feature points and compute augmentationindex, amplitude and other time related parameters. The extracted features areused as input to a trained artificial neural network, for detection andprediction of coronary arterial lesions. The trained network generatesspecialized models, to be used for diagnosis of arterial lesions. The proposedmethodology detects lesion in Left main coronary artery (LMCA), Left anteriordescending artery (LAD), Diagonal branch, Left circumflex artery (LCX), andRight coronary artery (RCA) with an accuracy of 92%, 82%, 76%, 76%, 84%respectively. The proposed device could be also used by a common individual fordetection of arterial lesion without any expert supervision, unassisted. Theproposed algorithm eliminates the need of CAG for diagnosis of coronaryarterial lesions (stenosis), and provides an insight into a new method fornon-invasive monitoring of cardiovascular haemodynamics, detection andlocalization of coronary arterial lesion.
Distortion-Based Detection of High Impedance Fault in Distribution  Systems	2020	Detecting the High impedance fault (HIF) in distribution systems plays animportant role in power utilization safety. However, many HIFs are challengingto be identified due to their low currents and diverse characteristics. Inparticular, the slight nonlinearity during weak arcing processes, thedistortion offset caused by the lag of heat dissipations, and the interferenceof background noises could lead to invalid of traditional detection algorithms.This paper proposes a distortion-based algorithm to improve the reliability ofHIF detection. Firstly, the challenges brought by the diversity of HIFcharacteristics are illustrated with the experiments in a 10kV distributionsystem. Then, HIFs are classified into five types according to theircharacteristics. Secondly, an interval slope is defined to describe thewaveform distortions of HIFs, and is extracted with the methods of the linearleast square filtering (LLSF) and the Grubbs-criterion-based robust localregression smoothing (Grubbs-RLRS), so that feature descriptions underdifferent fault conditions can be unified. Thirdly, an algorithm, as well asthe criteria, is proposed to identify the fault features described by theinterval slopes. Finally, the detection reliability of the algorithm isthoroughly verified with field HIF data, and the results show the improvementsby comparing it to other ad-vanced algorithms.
The electronic state of vortices in YBa2Cu3Oy investigated by complex  surface impedance measurement	2001	The electromagnetic response to microwaves in the mixed state ofYBa2Cu3Oy(YBCO) was measured in order to investigate the electronic stateinside and outside the vortex core. The magnetic-field dependence of thecomplex surface impedance at low temperatures was in good agreement with ageneral vortex dynamics description assuming that the field-independent viscousdamping force and the linear restoring force were acting on the vortices. Inother words, both real and imaginary parts of the complex resistivity, \rho_1,and \rho_2, were linear in B. This is explained by theories for d-wavesuperconductors. Using analysis based on the Coffey-Clem description of thecomplex penetration depth, we estimated that the vortex viscosity \eta at 10 Kwas (4 \sim 5) \times 10^{-7} Ns/m^2. This value corresponds to \omega_0 \tau\sim 0.3 - 0.5, where \omega_0 and \tau are the minimal gap frequency and thequasiparticle lifetime in the vortex core, respectively. These results suggestthat the vortex core in YBCO is in the moderately clean regime. Investigationof the moderately clean vortex core in high-temperature superconductors issignificant because physically new effects may be expected due to d-wavecharacteristics and to the quantum nature of cuprate superconductors. Thebehavior of Z_s as a function of B across the first order transition (FOT) ofthe vortex lattice was also investigated. Unlike Bi2Sr2CaCu2Oy (BSCCO), nodistinct anomaly was observed around the FOT in YBCO. Our results suggest thatthe rapid increase of X_s due to the change of superfluid density at the FOTwould be observed only in highly anisotropic two-dimensional vortex systemslike BSCCO. We discuss these results in terms of the difference of theinterlayer coupling and the energy scale between the two materials.
Notes on Recent Approaches Concerning the  Kirchhoff-Law-Johnson-Noise-based Secure Key Exchange	2009	"We critically analyze the results and claims in [Physics Letters A 373 (2009)901-904].  We show that the strong security leak appeared in the simulations is only anartifact and not caused by ""multiple reflections"". Since no wave modes exist atcable length of 5% of the shortest wavelength of the signal, no wave is presentto reflect it.  In the high wave impedance limit, the conditions used in the simulations areheavily unphysical (requiring cable diameters up to 28000 times greater thanthe measured size of the known universe) and the results are modeling artifactsdue to the unphysical values.  At the low cable impedance limit, the observed artifacts are due to violatingthe recommended (and tested) conditions by neglecting the cable capacitancerestrictions and using about 100 times longer cable than recommended withoutcable capacitance compensation arrangement.  We implement and analyze the general circuitry of Liu's circulator andconfirm that they are conceptually secure against passive attacks. We introducean asymmetric, more robust version without feedback loop. Then we crack allthese systems by an active attack: a circulator-based man-in-the middle attack.  Finally, we analyze the proposed method to increase security by dropping onlyhigh-risk bits. We point out the differences between different types ofhigh-risk bits and show the shortage of this strategy for some simple keyexchange protocols."
Outgassing of icy bodies in the solar system - I. The sublimation of  hexagonal water ice through dust layers	2011	Our knowledge about the physical processes determining the activity of cometswere mainly influenced by several extremely successful space missions, thepredictions of theoretical models and the results of laboratory experiments.However, novel computer models should not be treated in isolation but should bebased on experimental results. Therefore, a new experimental setup wasconstructed to investigate the temperature dependent sublimation properties ofhexagonal water ice and the gas diffusion through a dry dust layer covering theice surface. We show that this experimental setup is capable to reproduce knowngas production rates of pure hexagonal water ice. The reduction of the gasproduction rate due to an additional dust layer on top of the ice surface wasmeasured and compared to the results of another experimental setup in which thegas diffusion through dust layers at room temperature was investigated. Wefound that the relative permeability of the dust layer is inverselyproportional to its thickness, which is also predicted by theoretical models.However, the measured absolute weakening of the gas flow was smaller thanpredicted by models. This lack of correspondence between model and experimentmay be caused by an ill-determination of the boundary condition in thetheoretical models, which further demonstrates the necessity of laboratoryinvestigations. Furthermore, the impedance of the dust layer to the iceevaporation was found to be similar to the impedance at room temperature, whichmeans that the temperature profile of the dust layer is not influencing thereduction of the gas production. Finally, we present the results of an extendedinvestigation of the sublimation coefficient, which is an important factor forthe description of the sublimation rate of water ice and, thus, an importantvalue for thermophysical modeling of icy bodies in the solar system.
Declarative Ajax Web Applications through SQL++ on a Unified Application  State	2013	Implementing even a conceptually simple web application requires aninordinate amount of time. FORWARD addresses three problems that reducedeveloper productivity: (a) Impedance mismatch across the multiple languagesused at different tiers of the application architecture. (b) Distributed dataaccess across the multiple data sources of the application (SQL database, userinput of the browser page, session data in the application server, etc). (c)Asynchronous, incremental modification of the pages, as performed by Ajaxactions.  FORWARD belongs to a novel family of web application frameworks that attackimpedance mismatch by offering a single unifying language. FORWARD's languageis SQL++, a minimally extended SQL. FORWARD's architecture is based on twonovel cornerstones: (a) A Unified Application State (UAS), which is a virtualdatabase over the multiple data sources. The UAS is accessed via distributedSQL++ queries, therefore resolving the distributed data access problem. (b)Declarative page specifications, which treat the data displayed by pages asrendered SQL++ page queries. The resulting pages are automaticallyincrementally modified by FORWARD. User input on the page becomes part of theUAS.  We show that SQL++ captures the semi-structured nature of web pages andsubsumes the data models of two important data sources of the UAS: SQLdatabases and JavaScript components. We show that simple markup is sufficientfor creating Ajax displays and for modeling user input on the page as UAS datasources. Finally, we discuss the page specification syntax and semantics thatare needed in order to avoid race conditions and conflicts between the userinput and the automated Ajax page modifications.  FORWARD has been used in the development of eight commercial and academicapplications. An alpha-release web-based IDE (itself built in FORWARD) enablesdevelopment in the cloud.
Non-isentropic layers in matter behind shock and ramp compression waves	2014	According to the ideal fluid dynamics approach, the temperature and entropyvalues of a medium undergo a jump increase in the shock front as well as oncontact interface between different materials after the shock wave propagation,but remain constant behind the shock front out of the contact interface. In thereal condensed matter, the shock fronts and transition regions near theinterfaces have finite thicknesses; therefore, the temperature field isdisturbed around the interfaces. In this work, such disturbances arenumerically analyzed for the problems of formation of the steady shock wave atimpact and ramp loading of metals, reflection of the steady shock wave from afree surface, and the shock wave passing through the interface between twodifferent materials. Theoretical analysis and computations show that thenon-isentropic layers (the high-entropy ones with the increased temperature andthe low-entropy ones with the decreased temperature) arise near the interfacesin the above problems of shock and ramp loading. The impact produces thehigh-entropy layer; while the ramp loading can result in the both high- andlow-entropy layers. At the shock wave passing through the interface, thehigh-entropy layer is formed in the lower-impedance material and thelow-entropy in the higher-impedance one. These high- and low-entropy layersshould be taken into account in simulations of shock-wave processes in thintargets or in other cases where surface effects are important. For example,melting can take place in the high-entropy layer on the interface betweencolliding plates at shock intensities lower than the bulk melting threshold;also the temperature perturbations near the studied surface can affect theresult of pyrometric measurements. A mathematical model with accounting for thedislocation plasticity is described here as well as the appropriate numericalscheme is proposed.
Generalized Impedance Boundary Conditions for Strongly Absorbing  Obstacles: the full Wave Equations	2014	"This paper is devoted to the study of the generalized impedance boundaryconditions (GIBCs) for a strongly absorbing obstacle in the {\bf time} regimein two and three dimensions. The GIBCs in the time domain are heuristicallyderived from the corresponding conditions in the time harmonic regime. Thelatters are frequency dependent except the one of order 0; hence the formersare non-local in time in general. The error estimates in the time regime can bederived from the ones in the time harmonic regime when the frequency dependenceis well-controlled. This idea is originally due to Nguyen and Vogelius in\cite{NguyenVogelius2} for the cloaking context. In this paper, we present theanalysis to the GIBCs of orders 0 and 1. To implement the ideas in\cite{NguyenVogelius2}, we revise and extend the work of Haddar, Joly, andNguyen in \cite{HJNg1}, where the GIBCs were investigated for a fixed frequencyin three dimensions. Even though we heavily follow the strategy in\cite{NguyenVogelius2}, our analysis on the stability contains new ingredientsand ideas. First, instead of considering the difference between solutions ofthe exact model and the approximate model, we consider the difference betweentheir derivatives in time. This simple idea helps us to avoid the machineryused in \cite{NguyenVogelius2} concerning the integrability with respect tofrequency in the low frequency regime. Second, in the high frequency regime,the Morawetz multiplier technique used in \cite{NguyenVogelius2} does not fitdirectly in our setting. Our proof makes use of a result by H\""ormander in\cite{Hor}. Another important part of the analysis in this paper is thewell-posedness in the time domain for the approximate problems imposed withGIBCs on the boundary of the obstacle, which are non-local in time."
Universal Dielectric Enhancement from Externally Induced Double Layer  Without $$-Potential	2015	Motivated by recent experiments showing over $10^4$-fold increase in inducedpolarization from electrochemically inert, conducting materials in dilutesaline solutions, we theoretically demonstrate a new mechanism for dielectricenhancement, in the absence of $\zeta-$potentials at interfaces betweennon-insulating particles and an electrolyte solution. We further show that themagnitude of such enhancement obeys universal scaling laws, independent of theparticle's electrical properties and valid across particle shapes: for a dilutesuspension of identical, but arbitrarily shaped particles of a linear dimension$a$ and volume fraction $f$, as $\omega\to0$ the effective real dielectricconstant of the mixture is enhanced from that of water by a factor$1+f~(P_r+(a/\lambda)P_i)$, and the frequency-dependent phase shift of itsimpedance has a scale-invariant maximum $f\,\mathsf{\Theta}$ if particles aremuch more conductive than the solution. Here $\lambda$ is the solution's Debyelength and $P_r$, $P_i$, $\mathsf{\Theta}$ are dimensionless numbers determinedsolely by the particles' shape. Even for a very dilute electrolyte solution(e.g. $10^{-3}$ molar), sub-mm sized particles, at volume fraction $f=0.1$, cangive a $10^4$-fold dielectric enhancement, producing an easily observable phaseshift maximum in a simple impedance measurement.We also derive frequencycutoffs as conditions for observing these enhancements, showing that insulatingparticles produce no enhancement without $\zeta$-potential.To prove theseresults for particles of arbitrary shapes, we develop a physical picture wherean externally induced double layer (EIDL), in contrast to the Guoy-Chapmandouble layer on interfaces with significant $\zeta$-potentials, dominates thelow-frequency dynamics and produces dielectric enhancement.
An effective medium theory for predicting the existence of surface  states	2015	We build an effective medium theory for two-dimensional photonic crystalscomprising a rectangular lattice of dielectric cylinders with the incidentelectric field polarized along the axis of the cylinders. In particular, wediscuss the feasibility of constructing an effective medium theory for the casewhere the Bloch wave vector is far away from the center of Brillouin zone,where the optical response of the photonic crystal is necessarily anisotropicand hence the effective medium description becomes inevitability angledependent. We employ the scattering theory and treat the two-dimensional systemas a stack of one-dimensional arrays. We consider only the zero-orderinterlayer diffraction and all the higher order diffraction terms of interlayerscattering are ignored. This approximation works well when the higher orderdiffraction terms are all evanescent waves and the interlayer distance is farenough for them to decay out. Scattering theory enables the calculation oftransmission and reflection coefficients of a finite sized slab, and we extractthe effective parameters such as the impedance ($Z_e$) and the refractive index($n_e$) using a parameter retrieval method. We note that $n_e$ is uniquelydefined only in a very limited region of the reciprocal space. ($n_e k_0 a<<1$,where $k_0$ is the wave vector inside the vacuum and a is thickness of the slabfor retrieval), but $Z_e$ is uniquely defined and has a well-defined meaninginside a much larger domain in the reciprocal space. For a lossless system, theeffective impedance $Z_e$ is purely real for the pass band and purely imaginaryin the band gaps. Using the sign of the imaginary part of $Z_e$, we canclassify the band gaps into two groups and this classification explains whythere is usually no surface state on the boundary of typical fully gappedphotonic crystals comprising of a lattice of dielectric cylinders.
Anderson localization and Brewster anomaly of electromagnetic waves in  randomly-stratified anisotropic media	2017	Anderson localization of $p$-polarized waves and the Brewster anomalyphenomenon, which is the delocalization of $p$-polarized waves at a specialincident angle, in randomly-stratified anisotropic media are studiedtheoretically for two different random models. In the first model, the randomparts of the transverse and longitudinal components of the dielectric tensor,between which the longitudinal component is the one in the stratificationdirection, are assumed to be uncorrelated, while, in the second model, they areproportional to each other. We calculate the localization length in a preciseway using the invariant imbedding method. From analytical considerations, weprovide an interpretation of the Brewster anomaly as a phenomenon arising whenthe wave impedance is effectively uniform. Similarly, the ordinary Brewstereffect is interpreted as an impedance matching phenomenon. We derive theexistence condition for the Brewster anomaly and concise analytical expressionsfor the localization length, which are accurate in the weak disorder regime. Wefind that the Brewster anomaly can arise only when disorder is sufficientlyweak and only in the second model with a positive ratio of the random parts.The incident angle at which the anomaly occurs depends sensitively on the ratioof the random parts and the average values of the tensor components. In thecases where the critical angle of total reflection exists, the angle at whichthe anomaly occurs can be either bigger or smaller than the critical angle.When the transverse and longitudinal components are uncorrelated, localizationis dominated by the the transverse component at small incident angles. Whenonly the longitudinal component is random, the localization length diverges as$\theta^{-4}$ as the incident angle $\theta$ goes to zero and is also argued todiverge for all $\theta$ in the strong disorder limit.
Antenna Systems for Wireless Capsule Endoscope: Design, Analysis and  Experimental Validation	2018	Wireless capsule endoscopy (WCE) systems are used to capture images of thehuman digestive tract for medical applications. The antenna is one of the mostimportant components in a WCE system. In this paper, we provide novel smallantenna solutions for a WCE system operating at the 433 MHz ISM band. Thein-body capsule transmitter uses an ultrawideband outer-wall conformal loopantenna, whereas the on-body receiver uses a printed monopole antenna with apartial ground plane. A colon-equivalent tissue phantom and CST Gustav voxelhuman body model were used for the numerical studies of the capsule antenna.The simulation results in the colon-tissue phantom were validated throughin-vitro measurements using a liquid phantom. According to the phantomsimulations, the capsule antenna has -10 dB impedance matching from 309 to 1104MHz. The ultrawideband characteristic enables the capsule antenna to toleratethe detuning effects due to electronic modules in the capsule and due to theproximity of various different tissues in gastrointestinal tracts. The on-bodyantenna was numerically evaluated on the colon-tissue phantom and the CSTGustav voxel human body model, followed by in-vitro and ex-vivo measurementsfor validation. The on-body antenna exceeds -10 dB impedance matching from 390MHz to 500 MHz both in simulations and measurements. Finally, this paperreports numerical and experimental studies of the path loss for the radio linkbetween an in-body capsule transmitter and an on-body receiver using ourantenna solutions. The path loss both in simulations and measurements is lessthan 50 dB for any capsule orientation and location.
Domain Decomposition with local impedance conditions for the Helmholtz  equation	2018	"We consider one-level additive Schwarz preconditioners for a family ofHelmholtz problems with increasing wavenumber $k$. These problems arediscretized using nodal conforming finite elements of any (fixed) order onmeshes chosen to maintain accuracy as $k$ increases. The action of thepreconditioner requires solution of independent (parallel) subproblems (withimpedance boundary conditions) on overlapping subdomains of diameter $H$ andoverlap $\delta\leq H$. The solutions of these subproblems are linked togetherusing prolongation/restriction operators defined using a partition of unity;this formulation was previously proposed in [J.H. Kimn and M. Sarkis, {\emComp. Meth. Appl. Mech. Engrg.}~196, 1507-1514, 2007]. In numerical experiments(with $\delta \sim H$) we observe robust (i.e.~$k-$independent) GMRESconvergence as $k$ increases, with $H$ decreasing moderately as $k$ increases.This provides a highly-parallel, $k-$robust one-level domain-decompositionmethod. We provide supporting theory by studying the preconditioner applied toa range of absorptive problems, $k^2\mapsto k^2+ \mathrm{i} \epsilon$, withabsorption parameter $\epsilon$. Working in the Helmholtz ""energy"" innerproduct, and using the underlying theory of Helmholtz boundary-value problems,we prove a $k-$independent upper bound on the norm of the preconditionedmatrix, valid for all $\vert \epsilon\vert \lesssim k^2$. We also prove astrictly-positive lower bound on the distance of the field of values of thepreconditioned matrix from the origin which holds when $\epsilon/k$ is constantor growing arbitrarily slowly with $k$. These results imply robustness of thepreconditioner for the corresponding absorptive problem as $k$ increases andgive theoretical support for the observed robustness of the preconditioner forthe pure Helmholtz problem."
The Two Faces of Capacitance: New Interpretations for Electrical  Impedance Measurements of Perovskite Solar Cells and Their Relation to  Hysteresis	2018	Perovskite solar cells are notorious for exhibiting transient behaviour notseen in conventional inorganic semiconductor devices. Significant inroads havebeen made into understanding this fact in terms of rapid ion migration, now awell-established property of the prototype photovoltaic perovskite MAPbI$_3$and strongly implicated in the newer mixed compositions. Here we study themanifestations of ion migration in frequency-domain small-signal measurements,focusing on the popular technique of Electrical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS).We provide new interpretations for a variety of previously puzzling features,including giant photo-induced low-frequency capacitance and negativecapacitance in a variety of forms. We show that these apparently strangemeasurements can be rationalized by the splitting of AC current into twocomponents, one associated with charge-storage, and the other with thequasi-steady-state recombination current of electrons and holes. The lattercontribution to the capacitance can take either a positive or a negative sign,and is potentially very large when slow, voltage-sensitive processes such asion migration are at play. Using numerical drift-diffusion semiconductormodels, we show that giant photo-induced capacitance, inductive loop features,and low-frequency negative capacitance all emerge naturally as consequences ofion migration via its coupling to quasi-steady-state electron and holecurrents. In doing so, we unify the understanding of EIS measurements with thecomparably well-developed theory of rate dependent current-voltage (I-V)measurements in perovskite cells. Comparing the two techniques, we argue thatEIS is more suitable for quantifying I-V hysteresis than conventional methodsbased on I-V sweeps, and demonstrate this application on a variety of celltypes.
PHD Thesis: Existence, Uniqueness & Explicit Bounds for Scattering By  Rough Surfaces	2019	We study 4 problems in the area of scattering of time harmonic acoustic orelectromagnetic waves by unbounded rough surfaces/inhomogeneous layers.Specifically we study: i) a boundary value problem (BVP) for the Helmholtzequation, in both 2 and 3 dimensions, modelling scattering of time harmonicwaves due to a source that lies within a finite distance of the boundary andwhich decays along the boundary, by a layer of spatially varying refractiveindex above an unbounded rough surface on which the field vanishes; ii) a BVPfor the Helmholtz equation with an impedance boundary condition, in 2 and 3dimensions, modelling the scattering of time harmonic acoustic waves due to asource that lies within a finite distance of the boundary and which decaysalong the boundary, by an unbounded rough impedance surface; iii) a problem ofscattering of time harmonic waves by a layer of spatially varying refractiveindex at the interface between semi-infinite half-spaces of fixed positiverefractive index (the waves arising due to a source that lies within a finitedistance of the layer and which decays along the layer); iv) a BVP for theHelmholtz equation with a Dirichlet boundary condition, in 3 dimensions,modelling the scattering of time harmonic acoustic waves due to a point source,by an unbounded, rough, sound soft surface. We study i), ii) and iii) byvariational methods; via analysis of equivalent variational formulations weprove these problems to be well-posed under various restrictions on the surface(must be Lipschitz), the frequency, the rate of change of the refractive indexetc. We study iv) via a Brakhage-Werner type integral equation formulation,based on an ansatz for the solution as a combined single- and double-layerpotential. We establish that when the rough surface is the graph of a Lipschitzfunction, the problem is well-posed for arbitrary frequency.
Spine-Inspired Continuum Soft Exoskeleton for Stoop Lifting Assistance	2019	Back injuries are the most prevalent work-related musculoskeletal disordersand represent a major cause of disability. Although innovations in wearablerobots aim to alleviate this hazard, the majority of existing exoskeletons areobtrusive because the rigid linkage design limits natural movement, thuscausing ergonomic risk. Moreover, these existing systems are typically onlysuitable for one type of movement assistance, not ubiquitous for a wide varietyof activities. To fill in this gap, this paper presents a new wearable robotdesign approach continuum soft exoskeleton. This spine-inspired wearable robotis unobtrusive and assists both squat and stoops while not impeding walkingmotion. To tackle the challenge of the unique anatomy of spine that isinappropriate to be simplified as a single degree of freedom joint, our robotis conformal to human anatomy and it can reduce multiple types of forces alongthe human spine such as the spinae muscle force, shear, and compression forceof the lumbar vertebrae. We derived kinematics and kinetics models of thismechanism and established an analytical biomechanics model of human-robotinteraction. Quantitative analysis of disc compression force, disc shear forceand muscle force was performed in simulation. We further developed a virtualimpedance control strategy to deliver force control and compensate hysteresisof Bowden cable transmission. The feasibility of the prototype wasexperimentally tested on three healthy subjects. The root mean square error offorce tracking is 6.63 N (3.3 % of the 200N peak force) and it demonstratedthat it can actively control the stiffness to the desired value. This continuumsoft exoskeleton represents a feasible solution with the potential to reduceback pain for multiple activities and multiple forces along the human spine.
Microwave-to-optical transduction using a mechanical supermode for  coupling piezoelectric and optomechanical resonators	2019	The successes of superconducting quantum circuits at local manipulation ofquantum information and photonics technology at long-distance transmission ofthe same have spurred interest in the development of quantum transducers forefficient, low-noise, and bidirectional frequency conversion of photons betweenthe microwave and optical domains. We propose to realize such functionalitythrough the coupling of electrical, piezoelectric, and optomechanicalresonators. The coupling of the mechanical subsystems enables formation of aresonant mechanical supermode that provides a mechanically-mediated, efficientsingle interface to both the microwave and optical domains. The conversionprocess is analyzed by applying an equivalent circuit model that relatesdevice-level parameters to overall figures of merit for conversion efficiency$\eta$ and added noise $N$. These can be further enhanced by proper impedancematching of the transducer to an input microwave transmission line. Theperformance of potential transducers is assessed through finite-elementsimulations, with a focus on geometries in GaAs, followed by considerations ofthe AlN, LiNbO$_3$, and AlN-on-Si platforms. We present strategies formaximizing $\eta$ and minimizing $N$, and find that simultaneously achieving$\eta>50~\%$ and $N < 0.5$ should be possible with current technology. We findthat the use of a mechanical supermode for mediating transduction is a keyenabler for high-efficiency operation, particularly when paired with anappropriate microwave impedance matching network. Our comprehensive analysis ofthe full transduction chain enables us to outline a development path for therealization of high-performance quantum transducers that will constitute avaluable resource for quantum information science.
A New Dual System For The Fundamental Units, including and going beyond  the newly revised SI	2019	We propose a new system for the fundamental units, which includes and goesbeyond the present redefinition of the SI, by choosing also $c=\hbar=1$. Byfixing $c=c_\circ $m/s = 1, $\hbar=\hbar_\circ $ Js = 1 and$\underline{\mu_\circ}=\mu_\circ $N/A$^2$ = 1, it allows us to define themetre, the joule, and the ampere as equal to (1/299 792 458) s, $(1/\hbar_\circ= .948 ... \times \ 10^{34})\ {\rm s}^{-1}$ and $\sqrt{\mu_\circ \rm N}=\sqrt{\mu_\circ c_\circ / \hbar_\circ}\ {\rm s}^{-1}= 1.890...\times 10^{18}\{\rm s}^{-1}$. It presents at the same time the advantages and elegance of asystem with $\hbar = c = \underline{\mu_\circ} = \underline{\epsilon_\circ } =k = N_A = 1\,$, where the vacuum magnetic permeability, electric permittivity,and impedance are all equal to 1. All units are rescaled from the natural onesand proportional to the s, s$^{-1}$, s$^{-2}$, ... or just 1, as for thecoulomb, ohm and weber, now dimensionless. The coulomb is equal to$\sqrt{\mu_\circ c_\circ / \hbar_\circ}= 1.890... \times 10^{18}$, and theelementary charge to $e=1.602...\times 10^{-19} {\rm C} =\sqrt{4\pi\alpha}=.3028... $ . The ohm is equal to $1/\mu_\circ c_\circ$ sothat the impedance of the vacuum is $Z_\circ = 376.730... \Omega =1$. The voltis $ 1/ \sqrt{{\mu_\circ c_\circ \hbar_\circ}}\ {\rm s}^{-1} = 5.017... \times\10^{15}\ {\rm s}^{-1}$, and the tesla $c_\circ $V/m = $\sqrt{{c_\circ^3}/{\mu_\circ\hbar_\circ}}\ {\rm s}^{-2} = 4.509... \times10^{32}\ {\rm s}^{-2}$. The weber is $ 1/ \sqrt{{\mu_\circ c_\circ\hbar_\circ}} = 5.017... \times\ 10^{15}$. $\ K_J =483\,597. \ $... GHz/V $=e/\pi = $ .09639..., and $R_K = 25\,812.\ ...\ \Omega =1/2\alpha\simeq 68.518$.One can also fix $e$ = 1.602 176 634 $\times 10^{-19}$ C, at the price ofadjusting the coulomb and all electrical units with $\mu_\circ=4\pi\times10^{-7}\eta^2$ where $\eta^2, \propto \alpha$, is very close to 1.
Classification of stroke using Neural Networks in Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2020	Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) is an emerging non-invasive medicalimaging modality. It is based on feeding electrical currents into the patient,measuring the resulting voltages at the skin, and recovering the internalconductivity distribution. The mathematical task of EIT image reconstruction isa nonlinear and ill-posed inverse problem. Therefore any EIT imagereconstruction method needs to be regularized, typically resulting in blurredimages. One promising application is stroke-EIT, or classification of strokeinto either ischemic or hemorrhagic. Ischemic stroke involves a blood clot,preventing blood flow to a part of the brain causing a low-conductivity region.Hemorrhagic stroke means bleeding in the brain causing a high-conductivityregion. In both cases the symptoms are identical, so a cost-effective andportable classification device is needed. Typical EIT are not optimal forstroke-EIT because of blurriness. This paper explores the possibilities ofmachine learning in improving the classification results. Two paradigms arecompared: (a) learning from the EIT data, that is Dirichlet-to-Neumann (DN)maps and (b) extracting robust features from data and learning from them. Thefeatures of choice are Virtual Hybrid Edge Detection (VHED) functions[Greenleaf {\it et al.}, Analysis \& PDE 11, 2018] that have a geometricinterpretation and whose computation from EIT data does not involve calculatinga full image of the conductivity. We report the measures of accuracy,sensitivity and specificity of the networks trained with EIT data and VHEDfunctions separately. Computational evidence based on simulated noisy EIT datasuggests that the regularized grey-box paradigm (b) leads to significantlybetter classification results than the black-box paradigm (a).
Broadband Electrical Action Sensing Techniques with conducting wires for  low-mass dark matter axion detection	2020	Due to the inverse Primakoff effect it has been shown that when axionsinteract with a DC magnetic B-field the resulting electrical action willproduce an AC electromotive force which oscillates at the Compton frequency ofthe axion, and may be modeled as an oscillating effective impressed magneticcurrent boundary source. We use this result to calculate the sensitivity of newexperiments to low-mass axions using the quasi-static technique. First, wecalculate the current induced in an electric dipole antenna (straightconducting wire) when the DC B-field is spatially constant. We show that anexperiment based on the dipole antenna is not as sensitive as current low-massexperiments. Following this we extend the topology by making use of the fullextent of the spatially varying DC B-field. This extension is achieved bytransforming the 1D conducting wire to a 2D winding, to fully link theeffective magnetic current boundary source and thus couple to the full axioninduced electrical action. In this case the conductor becomes a coil windingwhere the voltage induced across the winding increases proportionally to thenumber of windings. We investigate two different topologies: The 1st uses asingle winding, and couples to the effective short circuit current generated inthe winding, which is read out using a sensitive low impedance SQUID amplifier:The 2nd uses multiple windings, with every turn effectively increasing the thevoltage output proportional to the winding number. The read out of thisconfiguration is optimised by implementing a cryogenic low-noise high inputimpedance voltage amplifier. The end result is a new Broadband ElectricalAction Sensing Techniques with orders of magnitude improved sensitivity, whichis linearly proportional to the axion photon coupling and capable of detectingQCD dark matter axions.
A Constraint on the Formation of Dwarf Elliptical Galaxies in the Dense  Coma Cluster Core	1996	Deep CCD photometry and positions for a new sample of $\simeq 250$ dwarfelliptical (dE) galaxies in the Coma cluster core are analyzed. A significantcolor gradient is detected in their projected radial distribution, given by$\Delta (B$--$R)/\Delta (\log R_{\rm cc}) = -0.08\pm0.02$ mag. Calibratingthese dE galaxies against Galactic globular clusters yields a correspondingmetallicity gradient which goes as $Z \propto R_{\rm cc}^{-0.29}$. Simulationsreveal that this gradient in the projected radial distribution corresponds to atrue (three-dimensional) radial color gradient which goes as $\Delta(B$--$R)/\Delta (\log r) \simeq -0.20$ mag, or $Z \propto r^{-0.69}$, over thesame radial range. If this radial gradient is a primordial one, it isconsistent with a model in which the intracluster gas exerted a significantconfinement pressure, impeding the outflow of supernovae-driven metal-rich gasfrom the young dE galaxies.
The Galactic Center Isolated Nonthermal Filaments as Analogs of Cometary  Plasma Tails	1999	We propose a model for the origin of the isolated nonthermal filamentsobserved at the Galactic center based on an analogy to cometary plasma tails.We invoke the interaction between a large scale magnetized galactic wind andembedded molecular clouds. As the advected wind magnetic field encounters adense molecular cloud, it is impeded and drapes around the cloud, ultimatelyforming a current sheet in the wake. This draped field is further stretched bythe wind flow into a long, thin filament whose aspect ratio is determined bythe balance between the dynamical wind and amplified magnetic field pressures.The key feature of this cometary model is that the filaments are dynamicconfigurations, and not static structures. As such, they are localamplifications of an otherwise weak field and not directly connected to anystatic global field. The derived field strengths for the wind and wake areconsistent with observational estimates. Finally, the observed synchrotronemission is naturally explained by the acceleration of electrons to high energyby plasma and MHD turbulence generated in the cloud wake.
Combination Frequencies in the Fourier Spectra of White Dwarfs	2000	Combination frequencies are observed in the Fourier spectra of pulsating DAand DB white dwarfs. They appear at sums and differences of frequenciesassociated with the stellar gravity-modes. Brickhill (1992) proposed that thecombination frequencies result from mixing of the eigenmode signals as thesurface convection zone varying in depth when undergoing pulsation. This depthchanges cause time-dependent thermal impedance, which mix different harmonicfrequencies in the light curve.  Following Brickhill's proposal, we developed analytical expressions todescribe the amplitudes and phases of these combination frequencies. Theparameters that appear in these expressions are: the depth of the stellarconvection zone when at rest, the sensitivity of this depth towards changes instellar effective temperature, the inclination angle of the stellar pulsationaxis with respect to the line of sight, and lastly, the spherical degrees ofthe eigenmodes involved in the mixing. Adopting reasonable values for theseparameters, we apply our expressions to a DA and a DB variable white dwarf. Wefind reasonable agreement between theory and observation, though somediscrepancies remain unexplained. We show that it is possible to identify thespherical degrees of the pulsation modes using the combination frequencies.
A reduced transfer equation in one-dimensional spherical geometry with  central symmetry	2003	The transfer equation in spherical geometry with central symmetry, which is apartial differential equation in two variables r and m, is reduced to aone-dimensional transfer equation in r parametric in m. This is done bydropping the angular derivative from the equation in conservation form withoutimpeding the moments of the specific intensity. The justification for thisreduction of the transfer equation is demonstrated analytically andnumerically. The numerical demonstration is made by comparing the moments,zeroth to fourth, obtained using the analytic solutions in r of both thereduced equation and the transfer equation in conservation form using thediscrete ordinates method. The agreement between the two sets of data isperfect within round-off errors.
Polarizing Grids, Their Assemblies and Beams of Radiation	2003	This article gives an analysis of the behavior of polarizing grids andreflecting polarizers by solving Maxwell's equations, for arbitrary angles ofincidence and grid rotation, for cases where the excitation is provided by anincident plane wave or a beam of radiation. The scattering and impedance matrixrepresentations are derived and used to solve more complicated configurationsof grid assemblies. The results are also compared with data obtained in thecalibration of reflecting polarizers at the Owens Valley Radio Observatory(OVRO). From this analysis, we propose a method for choosing the optimum gridparameters (wire radius and spacing). We also provide a study of the effects oftwo types of errors (in wire separation and radius size) that can be introducedin the fabrication of a grid.
The nuclear reaction waiting points, Mg22, Si26, S30, and Ar34, and  bolometrically double peaked type I X-ray bursts	2003	Type I X-ray bursts with a double peak in the bolometric luminosity have beenobserved from several sources. The separation between the two peaks are on theorder of a few seconds. We propose a nuclear waiting point impedance in thethermonuclear reaction flow to explain these observations. Nuclear structureinformation suggests the potential waiting points: Mg22, Si26, S30 and Ar34,which arise in conditions, where a further reaction flow has to await abeta-decay, because the (alpha,p)-reaction is too weak to overcome the targetCoulomb-barrier and the (p,gamma)-reaction is quenched by photo-disintegrationat the burst temperature. The conclusion is that the effects of theexperimentally unknown S30(alpha,p)Cl33 and Ar34(alpha,p)K37 might be directlyvisible in the observation of X-ray burst light curves.
Multi-seeded multi-mode formation of embedded clusters in the RMC:  Clusters baked in swept-up shells	2005	This is the first of a series of three papers on clustered star formation inthe Rosette Molecular Complex. Here we investigate star formation in theinterfacing layers between the expanding Rosette Nebula and its surroundingcloud, based on an analysis of the spatially complete and unbiased 2MASS data.Two medium-mass infrared clusters with ages of around 1 Myr are identified inthe south and south-east arcs of the fragmented shell. The majority of thecandidate cluster members in these radiation and pressure-confined regions arefound to be almost uniformly distributed, roughly following the compressionlayers traced by the distribution of optical depth at 100 $\mu$m, and may welldevelop into gravitationally unbound systems upon their emergence from theparental cloud. These expanding shells are believed to be playing importantroles in impeding the emerging young open cluster NGC 2244 from intrudingimmediately and deeply into the ambient molecular cloud, where sequentialformation of massive clusters is taking place.
Doppler imaging of Speedy Mic using the VLT, Fast spot evolution on a  young K-dwarf star	2005	"We study the short-term evolution of starspots on the ultrafast-rotating starHD197890 (""Speedy Mic"" = BO Mic, K 0-2V, P_rot = 0.380 d) based on two Dopplerimages taken about 13 stellar rotations apart. Each image is based on spectradensely sampling a single stellar rotation. The images were reconstructed byour Doppler imaging code CLDI (Clean-like Doppler imaging) from line profilesextracted by spectrum deconvolution. Our Doppler images constructed from twoindependent wavelength ranges agree well on scales down to 10 degrees on thestellar surface. In conjunction with nearly parallel V-band photometry ourobservations reveal a significant evolution of the spot pattern during aslittle as two stellar rotations. We suggest that such a fast spot evolutiondemands care when constructing Doppler images of highly active stars based onspectral time series extending over several stellar rotations. The fastintrinsic spot evolution on BO Mic impedes the determination of a surfacedifferential rotation; in agreement with earlier results by other authors wedetermine an upper limit of |alpha| < 0.004 +- 0.002."
Delayed detonations in full-star models of Type Ia supernova explosions	2007	Aims: We present the first full-star three-dimensional explosion simulationsof thermonuclear supernovae including parameterized deflagration-to-detonationtransitions that occur once the flame enters the distributed burning regime.Methods: Treating the propagation of both the deflagration and the detonationwaves in a common front-tracking approach, the detonation is prevented fromcrossing ash regions. Results: Our criterion triggers the detonation wave atthe outer edge of the deflagration flame and consequently it has to sweeparound the complex structure and to compete with expansion. Despite the impededdetonation propagation, the obtained explosions show reasonable agreement withglobal quantities of observed type Ia supernovae. By igniting the flame indifferent numbers of kernels around the center of the exploding white dwarf, weset up three different models shifting the emphasis from the deflagration phaseto the detonation phase. The resulting explosion energies and iron groupelement productions cover a large part of the diversity of type Ia supernovae.Conclusions: Flame-driven deflagration-to-detonation transitions, ifhypothetical, remain a possibility deserving further investigation.
Low-Temperatures Vortex Dynamics in Twinned Superconductors	1993	We discuss the low-temperature dynamics of magnetic flux lines in sampleswith a family of parallel twin planes. A current applied along the twin planesdrives flux motion in the direction transverse to the planes and acts like anelectric field applied to {\it one-dimensional} carriers in disorderedsemiconductors. As in flux arrays with columnar pins, there is a regime wherethe dynamics is dominated by superkink excitations that correspond to Mottvariable range hopping (VRH) of carriers. In one dimension, however, rareevents, such as large regions void of twin planes, can impede VRH and dominatetransport in samples that are sufficiently long in the direction of fluxmotion. In short samples rare regions can be responsible for mesoscopiceffects.
Kinetic Inductance of Josephson Junction Arrays: Dynamic and Equilibrium  Calculations	1994	We show analytically that the inverse kinetic inductance $L^{-1}$ of anoverdamped junction array at low frequencies is proportional to the admittanceof an inhomogeneous equivalent impedance network. The $ij^{th}$ bond in thisequivalent network has an inverse inductance$J_{ij}\cos(\theta_i^0-\theta_j^0-A_{ij})$, where $J_{ij}$ is the Josephsoncoupling energy of the $ij^{th}$ bond, $\theta_i^0$ is the ground-state phaseof the grain $i$, and $A_{ij}$ is the usual magnetic phase factor. We use thistheorem to calculate $L^{-1}$ for square arrays as large as $180\times 180$.The calculated $L^{-1}$ is in very good agreement with the low-temperaturelimit of the helicity modulus $\gamma$ calculated by conventional equilibriumMonte Carlo techniques. However, the finite temperature structure of $\gamma$,as a function of magnetic field, is \underline{sharper} than thezero-temperature $L^{-1}$, which shows surprisingly weak structure. Intriangular arrays, the equilibrium calculation of $\gamma$ yields a series ofpeaks at frustrations $f = \frac{1}{2}(1-1/N)$, where $N$ is an integer $\geq2$, consistent with experiment.
Twin-Boundary Pinning of Superconducting Vortex Arrays	1994	We discuss the low-temperature dynamics of magnetic flux lines inhigh-temperature superconductors in the presence of a family of parallel twinplanes that contain the $c$ axis. A current applied along the twin planesdrives flux motion in the direction transverse to the planes and acts like anelectric field applied to {\it one-dimensional} carriers in disorderedsemiconductors. As in flux arrays with columnar pins, there is a regime wherethe dynamics is dominated by superkink excitations that correspond to Mottvariable range hopping (VRH) of carriers. In one dimension, however, rareevents, such as large regions void of twin planes, can impede VRH and dominatetransport in samples that are sufficiently long in the direction of fluxmotion. In short samples rare regions can be responsible for mesoscospiceffects. The phase boundaries separating various transport regimes arediscussed. The effect of tilting the applied field out of the twin planes isalso considered. In this case the resistivity from flux motion is found todepend strongly on the tilt angle.
On Thermometer Operation of Ultrasmall Tunnel Junctions	1994	The temperature dependence of the I-V characteristics of many single-electrontunneling devices enable thermometer operation of these systems. We investigatetwo normal conducting kinds of them, {\sl (a)} a single junction in ahigh-impedance environment, and {\sl (b)} a double junction. Thecharacteristics of both devices show a crossover from Coulomb blockade at lowtemperatures to ohmic behavior at high temperatures. The related differentialconductivity dip allows the determination of the junctions temperature. Bothconfigurations {\sl (a)} and {\sl (b)} are expected to work at least within therange $0.5\le\beta E_{\rm C}\le 10$, where $E_{\rm C}$ is the Coulomb energy ofthe system under investigation. We present an analytical solution for both low-and high-temperature case of {\sl (a)} and {\sl (b)} as well as numericalresults and their fit, including the effect of co-tunneling in case of a doublejunction.
Quantum Fluctuations in the Equilibrium State of a Thin Superconducting  Loop	1996	We study the oscillatory flux dependence of the supercurrent in a thinsuperconducting loop, closed by a Josephson junction. Quantum fluctuations ofthe order parameter in the loop affect the shape and renormalize the amplitudeof the supercurrent oscillations. In a short loop, the amplitude of thesinusoidal flux dependence is suppressed. In a large loop, the supercurrentshows a saw-tooth dependence on flux in the classical limit. Quantumfluctuations not only suppress the amplitude of the oscillations, but alsosmear the cusps of the saw-tooth dependence. The oscillations approach asinusoidal form with increasing fluctuation strength. At any finite length ofthe loop, the renormalized current amplitude is finite. This amplitude shows apower-law dependence on the junction conductance, with an exponent depending onthe low-frequency impedance of the loop.
Anomalous vortex dynamics in 2D superconductors	1996	Low -frequency dynamic impedance($\sigma^{-1}(\omega,T)\equiv(\sigma_{1}+i\sigma_{2})^{-1}$) measurements onJosephson junction arrays with finite vortex screening length $\xi$, found that$\sigma_{1}\sim |\log{\omega}|$, $\sigma_{2}\sim$ constant. This impliesanomalously sluggish vortex mobilities $\mu_{V}(\omega)\sim\sigma_{1}^{-1}$,and is in conflict with general dynamical scaling expressions that yield, forlow-$\omega$, $\sigma_{1}\rightarrow\xi^{2}$ and $\sigma_{2}\rightarrow 0$. Wecalculate : a) $\sigma(\omega,T)$ by real-space vortex scaling; b)$\mu_{V}(\omega)$ using Mori's formalism for a screened Coulomb gas. We find,in addition to the usual critical (large-$\omega$) and hydrodynamic(low-$\omega$) regimes, a new intermediate-frequency scaling regime into whichthe experimental data fall. This resolves the above mentioned conflict andmakes explicit predictions for the scaling form of $\sigma(\omega,T)$, testablein SNS and SIS arrays.
Role of Metastable States in Phase Ordering Dynamics	1997	We show that the rate of separation of two phases of different densities(e.g. gas and solid) can be radically altered by the presence of a metastableintermediate phase (e.g. liquid). Within a Cahn-Hilliard theory we study thegrowth in one dimension of a solid droplet from a supersaturated gas. A movinginterface between solid and gas phases (say) can, for sufficient (transient)supersaturation, unbind into two interfaces separated by a slab of metastableliquid phase. We investigate the criteria for unbinding, and show that it maystrongly impede the growth of the solid phase.
AC Dynamics and Metastability of a Flux-Line Lattice	1997	"We have measured the complex surface impedance of 2H-NbSe_2 in the mixedstate over a wide range of magnetic field(0-2T) and frequency(10-3000MHz). Acrossover between pinned and viscous dynamics of flux-lines is observed at apinning frequency, $\omega_p$. The measured $\omega_p$ is compared to thatpredicted by a single-particle ""washboard potential"" model for the pinninginteraction. When the flux lattice is prepared in an ordered state byzero-field cooling or by driving it with a large current, $\omega_p$ is in goodagreement with the predicted value. However, when it is prepared in ametastable disordered state by field cooling, $\omega_p$ is nearly two ordersof magnitude higher than expected indicating a complete break-down of thesingle-particle model."
Parallel Quantum-Point-Contacts as High-Frequency-Mixers	1997	We present the results of high-frequency mixing experiments performed uponparallel quantum point-contacts defined in the two-dimensional electron gas ofan Al_{x}Ga_{1-x}As/GaAs-heterostructure. The parallel geometry, fabricatedusing a novel double-resist technology, enables the point-contact device to beimpedance matched over a wide frequency range and, in addition, increases thepower levels of the mixing signal while simultaneously reducing the parasiticsource-drain capacitance. Here, we consider two parallel quantum point-contactdevices with 155 and 110 point-contacts respectively; both devices operatedsuccessfully at liquid helium and liquid nitrogen temperatures with a minimalconversion loss of 13 dB.
Periodic Anderson model with correlated conduction electrons	1997	We investigate a periodic Anderson model with interacting conductionelectrons which are described by a Hubbard-type interaction of strength U_c.Within dynamical mean-field theory the total Hamiltonian is mapped onto animpurity model, which is solved by an extended non-crossing approximation. Weconsider the particle-hole symmetric case at half-filling. Similar to the caseU_c=0, the low-energy behavior of the conduction electrons at high temperaturesis essentially unaffected by the f-electrons and for small U_c a quasiparticlepeak corresponding to the Hubbard model evolves first. These quasiparticlesscreen the f-moments when the temperature is reduced further, and the systemturns into an insulator with a tiny gap and flat bands. The formation of thequasiparticle peak is impeded by increasing either U_c or the c-fhybridization. Nevertheless almost dispersionless bands emerge at lowtemperature with an increased gap, even in the case of initially insulatinghost electrons. The size of the gap in the one-particle spectral density at lowtemperatures provides an estimate for the low-energy scale and increases as U_cincreases.
Systematics of two-component superconductivity in  $YBa_{2}Cu_{3}O_{6.95}$ from microwave measurements of high quality single  crystals	1997	Systematic microwave surface impedance measurements of YBCO single crystalsgrown in $BaZrO_3$ crucibles reveal new properties that are not directly seenin similar measurements of other YBCO samples. Two key observations obtainedfrom complex conductivity are: a new normal conductivity peak at around 80K andadditional pairing below 65K. High pressure oxygenation of one of the crystalsstill yields the same results ruling out any effect of macroscopic segregationof O-deficient regions. A single complex order parameter cannot describe thesedata, and the results suggest at least two superconducting components.Comparisons with model calculations done for various decoupled two-componentscenarios (i.e. s+d, d+d) are presented. Systematics of three single crystalsshow that the 80K quasiparticle peak is correlated with the normal stateinelastic scattering rate. Close to Tc, the data follow a mean-field behavior.Overall, our results strongly suggest the presence of multiple pairingtemperature and energy scales in $YBa_{2}Cu_{3}O_{6.95}$.
Microwave properties of $(Pr_xY_{1-x})Ba_2Cu_3O_{7-}$ : Influence  of magnetic scattering	1997	We report measurements of the surface impedance $Z_s=R_s+iX_s$ of$(Pr_xY_{1-x})Ba_2Cu_3O_{7-\delta}$, $(x=0,0.15,0.23,0.3,0.4,0.5)$. Increasing$Pr$ concentration leads to some striking results not observed in samples dopedby non-magnetic constituents. The three principal features of the $R_s(T)$ data- multiple structure in the transition, a high residual resistance and, at high$Pr$ concentrations, an upturn of the low $T$ data, are all characteristic ofthe influence of magnetic scattering on superconductivity, and appear to becommon to materials where magnetism and superconductivity coexist. The low $T$behavior of $\lambda (T)$ appears to change from $T$ to $T^4$ at large $Pr$doping, and provides evidence of the influence of magnetic pairbreaking of the$Pr$.
Electron transport in a quantum wire with realistic Coulomb interaction	1998	Electron transport in a quantum wire with leads is investigated with actualCoulomb interaction taken into account. The latter includes both the directinteraction of electrons with each other and their interaction via the imagecharges induced in the leads. Exact analytical solution of the problem is foundwith the use of the bosonization technique for one-dimensional electrons andthree-dimensional Poisson equation for the electric field. The Coulombinteraction is shown to change significantly the electron density distributionalong the wire as compared with the Luttinger liquid model with short-rangeinteractions. In DC and low frequency regimes, the Coulomb interaction causesthe charge density to increase strongly in the vicinity of the contacts withthe leads. The quantum wire impedance shows an oscillating behavior versus thefrequency caused by the resonances of the charge waves. The Coulomb interactionproduces a frequency dependent renormalization of the charge wave velocity.
Microwave Spectroscopy of Thermally Excited Quasiparticles in  YBa_2Cu_3O_{6.99}	1998	We present here the microwave surface impedance of a high purity crystal of$YBa_2Cu_3O_{6.99}$ measured at 5 frequencies between 1 and 75 GHz. This dataset reveals the main features of the conductivity spectrum of the thermallyexcited quasiparticles in the superconducting state. Below 20 K there is aregime of extremely long quasiparticle lifetimes, due to both the collapse ofinelastic scattering below $T_c$ and the very weak impurity scattering in thehigh purity $BaZrO_3$-grown crystal used in this study. Above 20 K, thescattering increases dramatically, initially at least as fast as $T^4$.
Duality in the Quantum Dissipative Villain Model and application to  Mesoscopic Josephson Junction Circuits	1998	We study exact self duality in the model of a Brownian particle in awashboard (WB) potential which describes a Josephson Junction (JJ) coupled toan environment, for arbitrary temperature and arbitrary form of the spectraldensity of the environment. To this end we introduce the Quantum DissipativeVillain Model (QDVM), which models tunneling of a degree of freedom coupled toa linear quantum environment through an infinite set of states. We derivegeneral exact mappings on various dual discrete representations(one-dimensional Coulomb gases or surface roughening models) which are exactlyself-dual. Then we show how the QDVM maps exactly onto the WB model and useduality relations to calculate the leading terms of the total impedance of a JJcircuit, for general frequency dependence of the spectral density of theenvironment and arbitrary temperature.
Exact Multifractal Exponents for Two-Dimensional Percolation	1999	The harmonic measure (or diffusion field or electrostatic potential) near apercolation cluster in two dimensions is considered. Its moments, summed overthe accessible external hull, exhibit a multifractal spectrum, which Icalculate exactly. The generalized dimensions D(n) as well as the MF functionf(alpha) are derived from generalized conformal invariance, and are shown to beidentical to those of the harmonic measure on 2D random walks or self-avoidingwalks. An exact application to the anomalous impedance of a rough percolativeelectrode is given. The numerical checks are excellent. Another set of exactand universal multifractal exponents is obtained for n independentself-avoiding walks anchored at the boundary of a percolation cluster. Theseexponents describe the multifractal scaling behavior of the average nth momentof the probabity for a SAW to escape from the random fractal boundary of apercolation cluster in two dimensions.
Discovery of the Acoustic Faraday Effect in Superfluid 3He-B	1999	We report the discovery of the acoustic Faraday effect in superfluid 3He-B.The observation of this effect provides the first direct evidence forpropagating transverse acoustic waves in liquid 3He, a mode first predicted byLandau in 1957. The Faraday rotation is large and observable because ofspontaneously broken spin-orbit symmetry in 3He-B. We compare the experimentalobservations with a simulation of the transverse acoustic impedance thatincludes the field-induced circular birefringence of transverse waves.
Phenomenological Model of the Nonlinear Microwave Response of a  Superconductor Containing Weak Links	1999	A phenomenological model is proposed which describes the effect of both dcand rf magnetic fields, $H$, on the microwave surface impedance, Z_s=R_s+jX_s,of a superconductor containing weak link. Two cases are considered; a weak linkbetween two grains, shunted by another grain, and a non-shunted weak link. Inboth cases the dependences of R_s and X_s on applied field H were found to beanomalous. Under certain conditions, the values of Z_s(H) can fall below thezero-field values. Comparison with experiment is performed, and very goodqualitative and (in some cases) quantitative agreement is found.
Harmonic generation from YBCO microwave resonators	1999	Measurement of harmonic power on a suspended stripline microwave resonatorpatterned out of thin film YBa_2Cu_3O_7 (YBCO) has been carried out as afunction of temperature and microwave power. The third harmonic power P_3 showsa subtle nonlinear dependence on the fundamental power P_1 on a log-log scale.Fit to a straight line yields slopes of P_3 vs. P_1 between 1.5 to 3, contraryto elementary calculations that predict a slope of exactly 3. It is shown thatthird harmonic power generated from higher order terms in the nonlinearimpedance could account for the discrepancy quantitatively without resorting toany additional ad-hoc assumptions. Results of measurement of fifth harmonicpower is presented as a confirmation. A small second harmonic power is alsoobserved that does not show anomalous power dependence within the experimentalaccuracy.
Andreev Reflection Enhanced Shot Noise in Mesoscopic SNS Junctions	1999	Current noise is measured with a SQUID in low impedance and transparentNb-Al-Nb j unctions of length comparable to the phase breaking length and muchlonger than the thermal length. The shot noise amplitude is compared withtheoretical predictions of doubled shot noise in diffusivenormal/superconductor (NS) junctions due to the Andreev reflections. We discussthe heat dissipation away from the normal part through the NS interfaces. Aweak applied magnetic field reduces the amplitude of the 1/f noise by a factorof two, showing that even far from equilibrium the sample is in the mesoscopicregime.
Effect of the electromagnetic environment on arrays of small normal  metal tunnel junctions: Numerical and experimental investigation	1999	We present results of a set of experiments to investigate the effect ofdissipative external electromagnetic environment on tunneling in linear arraysof junctions in the weak tunneling regime. The influence of this resistancedecreases as the number of junctions in the chain increases and ultimatelybecomes negligible. Further, there is a value of external impedance, typically\~5 k$\Omega$, at which the half-width of the zero-voltage dip in theconductance curve shows a maximum. Some new analytical formulae, based on thephase-correlation theory, along with numerical results will be presented.
Arrays of Josephson junctions in an environment with vanishing impedance	1999	The Hamiltonian operator for an unbiased array of Josephson junctions withgate voltages is constructed when only Cooper pair tunnelling and chargingeffects are taken into account. The supercurrent through the system and thepumped current induced by changing the gate voltages periodically are discussedwith an emphasis on the inaccuracies in the Cooper pair pumping.Renormalisation of the Hamiltonian operator is used in order to reliablyparametrise the effects due to inhomogeneity in the array and non-ideal gatingsequences. The relatively simple model yields an explicit, testable predictionbased on three experimentally motivated and determinable parameters.
Microwave Electrodynamics of the Antiferromagnetic Superconductor  GdBa_2Cu_3O_{7-}	1999	The temperature dependence of the microwave surface impedance andconductivity are used to study the pairing symmetry and properties of cupratesuperconductors. However, the superconducting properties can be hidden by theeffects of paramagnetism and antiferromagnetic long-range order in thecuprates. To address this issue we have investigated the microwaveelectrodynamics of GdBa_2Cu_3O_{7-\delta}, a rare-earth cuprate superconductorwhich shows long-range ordered antiferromagnetism below T_N=2.2 K, the Neeltemperature of the Gd ion subsystem. We measured the temperature dependence ofthe surface resistance and surface reactance of c-axis oriented epitaxial thinfilms at 10.4, 14.7 and 17.9 GHz with the parallel plate resonator techniquedown to 1.4 K. Both the resistance and the reactance data show an unusualupturn at low temperature and the resistance presents a strong peak around T_Nmainly due to change in magnetic permeability.
Antiferromagnetic Alignment and Relaxation Rate of Gd Spins in the High  Temperature Superconductor GdBa_2Cu_3O_(7-delta)	2000	The complex surface impedance of a number of GdBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$single crystals has been measured at 10, 15 and 21 GHz using a cavityperturbation technique. At low temperatures a marked increase in the effectivepenetration depth and surface resistance is observed associated with theparamagnetic and antiferromagnetic alignment of the Gd spins. The effectivepenetration depth has a sharp change in slope at the N\'eel temperature, $T_N$,and the surface resistance peaks at a frequency dependent temperature below 3K.The observed temperature and frequency dependence can be described by a modelwhich assumes a negligibly small interaction between the Gd spins and theelectrons in the superconducting state, with a frequency dependent magneticsusceptibility and a Gd spin relaxation time $\tau_s $ being a strong functionof temperature. Above $T_N$, $\tau_s$ has a component varying as $1 / (T -T_N)$, while below $T_N$ it increases $\sim T^{-5}$.
Microwave Electrodynamics of Electron-Doped Cuprate Superconductors	2000	We report microwave cavity perturbation measurements of the temperaturedependence of the penetration depth, lambda(T), and conductivity, sigma(T) ofPr_{2-x}Ce_{x}CuO_{4-delta} (PCCO) crystals, as well as parallel-plateresonator measurements of lambda(T) in PCCO thin films. Penetration depthmeasurements are also presented for a Nd_{2-x}Ce_{x}CuO_{4-delta} (NCCO)crystal. We find that delta-lambda(T) has a power-law behavior for T<T_c/3, andconclude that the electron-doped cuprate superconductors have nodes in thesuperconducting gap. Furthermore, using the surface impedance, we have derivedthe real part of the conductivity, sigma_1(T), below T_c and found a behaviorsimilar to that observed in hole-doped cuprates.
Nonlinear Effect of Transport Current on Response of Metals to  Electromagnetic Radiation	2000	The nonlinear interaction of DC current flowing in a thin metal film with anexternal low-frequency AC electromagnetic field is studied theoretically. Thenonlinearity is related to the influence of the magnetic field of the DCcurrent and the magnetic field of the wave on the form of electrontrajectories. This magnetodynamic mechanism of nonlinearity is the most typicalfor pure metals at low temperatures. We find that such interaction causes sharpkinks in the temporal dependence of the AC electric field of the wave onsurface of the sample. The phenomenon of amplification of the electromagneticsignal on the metal surface is predicted. We also calculate the nonlinearsurface impedance and show that it turns out to be imaginary-valued and itsmodulus decreases drastically with the increase of the wave amplitude.
The influence of chiral surface states on the London penetration depth  in Sr$_2$RuO$_4$	2000	The London penetration depth for the unconventional superconductorSr$_2$RuO$_4$ is analyzed assuming an order parameter which breaks timereversal symmetry and parity simultaneously. Such a superconducting statepossesses chiral quasiparticle states with subgap energies at the surface. Weshow that these subgap states can give a significant contribution to thelow-temperature behavior of the London penetration depth yielding a $ T^2 $power-law even though bulk quasiparticle spectrum is gapped. The presence ofseveral electron bands gives rise to interband transition among the subgapsurface states and influences the properties of the surface impedance.Furthermore, the surface states lead also to a non-linear Meissner effect.
Triple approach to determination of the c-axis penetration depth in  BSCCO crystals	2000	The c-axis penetration depth $\lambda_c$ inBi$_2$Sr$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+\delta}$ (BSCCO) single crystals as a function oftemperature has been determined using three high-frequency techniques, namely:(i) measurements of the ac-susceptibility at a frequency of 100 kHz fordifferent sample alignments with respect to the ac magnetic field; (ii)measurements of the surface impedance in both superconducting and normal statesof BSCCO crystals at 9.4 GHz; (iii) measurements of the surface barrier field$H_J(T)\propto 1/\lambda_c(T)$ at which Josephson vortices penetrate into thesample. Careful analysis of these measurements, including both numericalsolution of the electrodynamic problem of the magnetic field distribution in ananisotropic plate at an arbitrary temperature and influence of defects in thesample, has allowed us to estimate $\lambda_c(0)\approx 50 \mu$m in BSCCOcrystals overdoped with oxygen ($T_c\approx 84$ K) and $\lambda_c(0)\approx 150\mu$m at the optimal doping level ($T_c\approx 90$ K). The results obtained bydifferent techniques are in reasonable agreement.
Infiltration through porous media	2000	We study the kinetics of infiltration in which contaminant particles, whichare suspended in a flowing carrier fluid, penetrate a porous medium. Theprogress of the ``invader'' particles is impeded by their trapping on active``defender'' sites which are on the surfaces of the medium. As the defendersare used up, the invader penetrates further and ultimately breaks through. Westudy this process in the regime where the particles are much smaller than thepores so that the permeability change due to trapping is negligible. We developa family of microscopic models of increasing realism to determine thepropagation velocity of the invasion front, as well as the shapes of theinvader and defender profiles. The predictions of our model agree qualitativelywith experimental results on breakthrough times and the time dependence of theinvader concentration at the output. Our results also provide practicalguidelines for improving the design of deep bed filters in which infiltrationis the primary separation mechanism.
Collective pinning of a frozen vortex liquid in ultrathin  superconducting YBa_2Cu_3O_7 films	2000	The linear dynamic response of the two-dimensional (2D) vortex medium inultrathin YBa_2Cu_3O_7 films was studied by measuring their ac sheet impedanceZ over a broad range of frequencies \omega. With decreasing temperature thedissipative component of Z exhibits, at a temperature T*(\omega) well above themelting temperature of a 2D vortex crystal, a crossover from a thermallyactivated regime involving single vortices to a regime where the response hasfeatures consistent with a description in terms of a collectively pinned vortexmanifold. This suggests the idea of a vortex liquid which, below T*(\omega),appears to be frozen at the time scales 1/\omega of the experiments.
Memory Effect in Silicon Nitride in Silicon Devices	2000	The dominant dielectric used currently in silicon devices is silicon oxide.Its application for future devices will be impeded by several fundamentallimitations which lead to low reliability of semiconductor devices and to thenecessity of alternative dielectrics. Amorphous silicon nitride and oxynitrideare considered now as alternative to silicon oxide in future devices. One ofthe unique property of amorphous silicon nitride is the electron and holecapture by the deep traps with extremely long life time (10 years) in thecaptured state (the memory effect). This property is employed in memory devicesand microprocessors in computers. Despite numerous efforts the nature of trapsresponsible for the memory effect in this material is so far unclear. In thispaper we discuss the nature of such traps using the quantum-chemicalsimulation. The calculations show that the defects responsible for the electronand hole capture in amorphous silicon nitride can be the Si-Si defects createdby excess silicon atoms.
Low Energy Quasiparticle Excitation in the Vortex State of Borocarbide  Superconductor YNi_2B_2C	2000	We have measured the low temperature heat capacity Cp and microwave surfaceimpedance Zs in the vortex state of YNi_2B_2C. In contrast to conventionals-wave superconductors, Cp shows a nearly \sqrt H-dependence. This \sqrtH-dependence persists even after the introduction of the columnar defects whichchange the electronic structure of the vortex core regime dramatically andstrongly disturb the regular vortex lattice. On the other hand, flux flowresistivity obtained from Zs is nearly proportional to H. Taken together, theseresults indicate that the vortex state of YNi_2B_2C is fundamentally differentfrom the conventional s-wave counterparts, in that the delocalizedquasiparticle states around the vortex core play a much more important role,similar to d-wave superconductors.
Critical currents and vortex dynamics in super-conducting MgB2	2001	"The recently-discovered MgB2 super-conductor has a transition temperature Tcapproaching 40K, placing it intermediate between the families of low and hightemperature super-conductors (LTS and HTS). In practical applications,super-conductors are permeated by quantised magnetic flux vortices, and when acurrent flows there is dissipation unless the vortices are ""pinned"" in someway, and so inhibited from moving under the influence of the Lorentz force.This vortex motion sets the limiting critical current density Jc in thesuper-conductor. Vortex behaviour has proved to be more complicated in the HTSthan in LTS materials. While this has stimulated extensive theoretical andexperimental research, it has impeded applications. Clearly it is important toexplore vortex behaviour in MgB2; here we report on Jc, and also on the creeprate S, which is a measure of how fast the ""persistent"" currents decay. Ourresults show that naturally-occurring grain boundaries are highly transparentto supercurrent, and suggest that the steep decline in Jc with increasingmagnetic field H reflects a weakening of the vortex pinning energy, possiblybecause this compound forms naturally with a high degree of crystallineperfection."
Tunneling into 1D and quasi-1D conductors and Luttinger-liquid behavior	2001	The paper addresses the problem whether and how it is possible to detect theLuttinger-liquid behavior from the $IV$ curves for tunneling to 1D or quasi-1Dconductors. The power-law non-ohmic $IV$ curve, which is usually considered asa manifestation of the Luttinger-liquid behavior, can be also deduced from thetheory of the Coulomb blockaded junction between 3D conductors affected by theenvironment effect. In both approaches the power-law exponents are determinedby the ratio of the impedance of an effective electric circuit to the quantumresistance. Though two approaches predict different power-law exponents(because of a different choice of effective circuits), the difference becomesnegligible for a large number of conductance channels.
Vibrational and acoustical properties of a liquid drop in the  phase-separated fluid with a highly mobile interface	2001	We study the oscillation spectrum and acoustic properties of a liquid drop inthe phase-separated fluid when the interfacial dynamics of phase conversion canbe described in terms of the kinetic growth coefficient. For a readily mobileinterface, i.e., as the growth coefficient becomes comparable with a reciprocalof the acoustic impedance, anomalous behavior is found in the oscillationspectrum of a drop as well as in the velocity and absorption of a sound wavepropagating through a suspension of drops in the two-phase system. Comparedwith the known case of two immiscible fluids, the high interface mobility leadsto an anomalous softening of the radial drop pulsations and to the frequency-and temperature-dependent behavior for the sound velocity and absorptioncoefficient in a two-phase suspension.
Energy gap and London penetration depth of MgB_2 films determined by  microwave resonator measurement	2001	We have measured the temperature dependence of the microwave surfaceimpedance Z_s = R_s + i\Omega\mu_0 of a MgB2 film at a frequency \Omega /2\Piof 18 GHz employing a dielectric resonator technique. We found that thetemperature dependence of the magnetic field penetration depth \Lamda can befitted by \Lamda(T)= \Lamda(0) [1-(T/Tc)^2] ^(-1/2) with \Lamda(0)=(260 +/-20)nm. The absolute value of \Lamda(0) was confirmed by direct measurementsemploying submillimeter wave transmission spectroscopy at 430 GHz. The analysisof the \Lamda(T) data below Tc/2 revealed significant deviations from thequadratic temperature dependence. In contrast, we found that an exponentialtemperature dependence fits the experimental data within the statisticalmeasurement error for temperature changes of \Lamda of +/- 0.4 nm. Thisobservation indicates thermal excitation of quasiparticles over a finite energygap of (3.3 +/- 0.3) meV corresponding to \Delta /kTc = 1.2 +/- 0.1. Ourresults strongly supports a multipgap or a strongly anisotropic gap and theabsence of nodes in the gap function.
Nonlinear Dielectric Microwave Losses in MgO Substrates	2001	We have investigated the nonlinear surface impedance and two-toneintermodulation distortion of nine epitaxial YBa2Cu3O7-d films on MgOsubstrates, using stripline resonators, at frequencies f=2.3-11.2GHz andtemperatures T=1.7K-Tc. The power dissipation decreased by up to one order ofmagnitude as the microwave electric field was increased to about 100V/m forT<20 K, while the reactance Xs showed only a weak increase. The minimum of thelosses correlated with a plateau in the intermodulation signal. The samefeatures were observed for a Nb film on MgO. The anomalous response is due tononlinear dielectric losses in the substrate, which can be described by defectdipole relaxation.
Study of the microwave electrodynamic response of MgB2 thin films	2001	We present a study on the power dependence of the microwave surface impedancein thin films of the novel superconductor MgB2. 500 nm thick samples exhibitingcritical temperatures ranging between 26 and 38 K are synthesized by an ex-situpost-anneal of e-beam evaporated boron in the presence of an Mg vapor at 900 C.Preliminary results on films grown in situ by a high rate magnetron sputteringtechnique from stoichiometric MgB2 and Mg targets are also reported. Microwavemeasurements have been carried out employing a dielectrically loaded niobiumsuperconducting cavity operating at 19.8 GHz and 4 K. The study shows that theelectrodynamic response of MgB2 films is presently dominated by extrinsicsources of dissipation, appearing already at low microwave power, likely to beascribed to the presence of grain boundaries and normal inclusions in thesamples.
Recent developments in the characterization of superconducting films by  microwaves	2001	We describe and analyze selected surface impedance data recently obtained bydifferent groups on cuprate, ruthenate and diboride superconducting films onmetallic and dielectric substrates for fundamental studies and microwaveapplications. The discussion includes a first review of microwave data on MgB2,the weak-link behaviour of RABiTS-type YBa2Cu3O7-d tapes, and the observationof a strong anomalous power-dependence of the microwave losses in MgO at lowtemperatures. We demonstrate how microwave measurements can be used toinvestigate electronic, magnetic, and dielectric dissipation and relaxation inthe films and substrates. The impact of such studies reaches from theextraction of microscopic information to the engineering of materials andfurther on to applications in power systems and communication technology.
Energy gap, penetration depth and surface resistance of MgB2 thin films  determined by microwave resonator mesurements	2001	We have measured the temperature dependence of the microwave surfaceimpedance Zs = Rs + i\Omega\mu_0 \Lamda of two c-axis oriented MgB2 films at afrequency \Omega /(2\pi) of 17.9 GHz employing a dielectric (sapphire)resonator technique. The temperature dependence of the magnetic fieldpenetration depth \Lamda can be well fitted from 5 K close to Tc by thestandard BCS integral expression assuming the reduced energy gap Delta(0)/kTcto be as low as 1.13 and 1.03 for the two samples. For the penetration depth atzero temperatures, values of 110 nm and 115 nm were determined from the fit.Our results clearly indicates the s-wave character of the order parameter. Thetemperature dependence of the surface resistance Rs below Tc/2 is consistentwith the low value of the energy gap. The surface resistance below 8 K wasfound to be below the resolution limit of 100 microOhm of our measurementtechnique.
A technique to directly excite Luttinger liquid collective modes in  carbon nanotubes at GHz frequencies	2002	We present a technique to directly excite Luttinger liquid collective modesin carbon nanotubes at GHz frequencies. By modeling the nanotube as anano-transmission line with distributed kinetic and magnetic inductance as wellas distributed quantum and electrostatic capacitance, we calculate the complex,frequency dependent impedance for a variety of measurement geometries. Excitingvoltage waves on the nano-transmission line is equivalent to directly excitingthe yet-to-be observed one dimensional plasmons, the low energy excitation of aLuttinger liquid. Our technique has already been applied to 2d plasmons andshould work well for 1d plasmons. Tubes of length 100 microns must be grown forGHz resonance frequencies. Ohmic contact is not necessary with our technique;capacitive contacts can work.
Flexural Plate Wave Devices Fabricated from Silicon Carbide Membranes	2002	Flexural Plate Wave (FPW) devices fabricated from Silicon Carbide (SiC)membranes are presented here which exhibit electrical and mechanicalcharacteristics in its transfer functions that makes it very useful as a lowvoltage probe device capable of functioning in small areas that are commonlyinaccessible to ordinary devices. The low input impedance characteristic ofthis current driven device makes it possible for it to operate at very lowvoltages, thereby reducing the hazards for flammable or explosive areas to beprobed. The Flexural Plate Wave (FPW) devices are of a family of gravimetrictype sensors that permit direct measurements of the mass of the vibratingelement. The primary objective was to study the suitability of Silicon Carbide(SiC) membranes as a replacement of Silicon Nitride (SiN) membrane in flexuralplate wave devices developed by Sandia National Laboratories
Free flux flow resistivity in strongly overdoped high-T_c cuprate;  purely viscous motion of the vortices in semiclassical d-wave superconductor	2002	"We report the free flux flow (FFF) resistivity associated with a purelyviscous motion of the vortices in moderately clean d-wave superconductorBi:2201 in the strongly overdoped regime (T_c=16K) for a wide range of themagnetic field in the vortex state. The FFF resistivity is obtained bymeasuring the microwave surface impedance at different microwave frequencies.It is found that the FFF resistivity is remarkably different from that ofconventional s-wave superconductors. At low fields (H<0.2H_c2) the FFFresistivity increases linearly with H with a coefficient which is far largerthan that found in conventional s-wave superconductors. At higher fields, theFFF resistivity increases in proportion to \sqrt H up to H_c2. Based on theseresults, the energy dissipation mechanism associated with the viscous vortexmotion in ""semiclassical"" d-wave superconductors with gap nodes is discussed.Two possible scenarios are put forth for these field dependence; theenhancement of the quasiparticle relaxation rate and the reduction of thenumber of the quasiparticles participating the energy dissipation in d-wavevortex state."
Effects of superconducting gap anisotropy on the flux flow resistivity  in Y(Ni_{1-x}Pt_x)_2B_2C	2002	The microwave complex surface impedance Z_s of Y(Ni_{1-x}Pt_x)_2B_2C wasmeasured at 0.5 K under magnetic fields H up to 7T. In nominally pureYNi_2B_2C, which is a strongly anisotropic s-wave superconductor, the flux flowresistivity \rho_f calculated from Z_s was twice as large as that expected fromthe conventional normal-state vortex core model. In Pt-doped samples where thegap anisotropy is smeared out, the enhancement of \rho_f is reduced and \rho_fapproaches to the conventional behavior. These results indicate that energydissipation in the vortex core is strongly affected by the anisotropy of thesuperconducting gap.
Low-frequency characterization of quantum tunneling in flux qubits	2002	We propose to investigate flux qubits by the impedance measurement technique(IMT), currently used to determine the current--phase relation in Josephsonjunctions. We analyze in detail the case of a high-quality tank circuit coupledto a persistent-current qubit, to which IMT was successfully applied in theclassical regime. It is shown that low-frequency IMT can give considerableinformation about the level anticrossing, in particular the value of thetunneling amplitude. An interesting difference exists between applying the acbias directly to the tank and indirectly via the qubit. In the latter case, aconvenient way to find the degeneracy point in situ is described. Our designonly involves existing technology, and its noise tolerance is quantitativelyestimated to be realistic.
Epitaxial growth and transport properties of Sr$_2$CrWO$_6$ thin films	2002	We report on the preparation and characterization of epitaxial thin films ofthe double-perovskite Sr$_2$CrWO$_6$ by Pulsed Laser Deposition (PLD). Onsubstrates with low lattice mismatch like SrTiO$_3$, epitaxial Sr$_2$CrWO$_6$films with high crystalline quality can be grown in a molecular layer-by-layergrowth mode. Due to the similar ionic radii of Cr and W, these elements show nosublattice order. Nevertheless, the measured Curie temperature is well above400 K. Due to the reducing growth atmosphere required for double perovskites,the SrTiO$_3$ substrate surface undergoes an insulator-metal transitionimpeding the separation of thin film and substrate electric transportproperties.
Systematic Design of Antireflection Coating for Semi-infinite  One-dimensional Photonic Crystals Using Bloch Wave Expansion	2002	We present a systematic method for designing a perfect antireflection coating(ARC) for a semi-infinite one-dimensional (1D) photonic crystal (PC) with anarbitrary unit cell. We use Bloch wave expansion and time reversal symmetry,which leads exactly to analytic formulas of structural parameters for the ARCand renormalized Fresnel coefficients of the PC. Surface immittance (admittanceand impedance) matching plays an essential role in designing the ARC of 1DPC's, which is shown together with a practical example.
Peak-effect and surface crystal-glass transition for surface-pinned  vortex array	2002	The peak effect has been investigated in clean Nb crystals with artificiallycorrugated surfaces by measuring the linear surface impedance in the 1kHz-1MHzfrequency range. From a two-mode analysis of the complex spectra, we establishthat vortex dynamics is governed by surface pinning and deduce the associatedvortex slippage length. We demonstrate experimentally and theoretically thatthe peak effect is related to a transition from collective to individualsurface pinning. A proper account of the peak-effect anomalies impliessoftening of the shear rigidity by disorder-induced lattice deformations. Thisleads to a vortex crystal-glass transition induced by surface defects.
Quantum Effects in Small-Capacitance Single Josephson Junctions	2003	We have measured the current-voltage (I-V) characteristics ofsmall-capacitance single Josephson junctions at low temperatures (T=0.02-0.6K), where the strength of the coupling between the single junction and theelectromagnetic environment was controlled with one-dimensional arrays of dcSQUIDs. The single-junction I-V curve is sensitive to the impedance of theenvironment, which can be tuned IN SITU. We have observed Coulomb blockade ofCooper-pair tunneling and even a region of negative differential resistance,when the zero-bias resistance R_0' of the SQUID arrays is much higher than thequantum resistance R_K = h/e^2 = 26 kohm. The negative differential resistanceis evidence of coherent single-Cooper-pair tunneling within the theory ofcurrent-biased single Josephson junctions. Based on the theory, we havecalculated the I-V curves numerically in order to compare with the experimentalones at R_0' >> R_K. The numerical calculation agrees with the experimentsqualitatively. We also discuss the R_0' dependence of thesingle-Josephson-junction I-V curve in terms of the superconductor-insulatortransition driven by changing the coupling to the environment.
Anomalous acoustic reflection on a sliding interface or a shear band	2003	We study the reflection of an acoustic plane wave from a steadily slidingplanar interface with velocity strengthening friction or a shear band in aconfined granular medium. The corresponding acoustic impedance is utterlydifferent from that of the static interface. In particular, the system beingopen, the energy of an in-plane polarized wave is no longer conserved, the workof the external pulling force being partitioned between frictional dissipationand gain (of either sign) of coherent acoustic energy. Large values of thefriction coefficient favor energy gain, while velocity strengthening tends tosuppress it. An interface with infinite elastic contrast (one rigid medium) andV-independent (Coulomb) friction exhibits spontaneous acoustic emission, asalready shown by M. Nosonovsky and G.G. Adams (Int. J. Ing. Sci., {\bf 39},1257 (2001)). But this pathology is cured by any finite elastic contrast, or bya moderately large V-strengthening of friction.  We show that (i) positive gain should be observable for rough-on-flatmulticontact interfaces (ii) a sliding shear band in a granular medium shouldgive rise to sizeable reflection, which opens a promising possibility for thedetection of shear localization.
Anomaly in the dielectric response at the charge orbital ordering  transition of crystalline Pr0.67Ca0.33MnO3	2003	The complex impedance of a Pr0.67Ca0.33MnO3 crystal has been measured. Thefrequency dependence is studied for a wide range of temperatures (50K-403K) andis found to be characteristic of relaxation process with a single Debye timerelaxation constant, which is interpreted as a dielectric constant of thematerial. A strong peak is observed in this dielectric constant (up to twomillions) at the charge ordering transition suggesting an interpretation interms of ordering of electric dipoles at TCO or in term of phase separation.Comparison with Pr0.63Ca0.37MnO3 - in which the phase separation is muchsmaller and the peak in the dielectric constant is absent - suggests aninterpretation in term of phase separation between insulating and metallicstates.
Theory of weak continuous measurements in a strongly driven quantum bit	2003	Continuous spectroscopic measurements of a strongly driven superconductingqubit by means of a high-quality tank circuit (a linear detector) are understudy. Output functions of the detector, namely, a spectrum of voltagefluctuations and an impedance, are expressed in terms of the qubit spectrum andmagnetic susceptibility. The nonequilibrium spectrum of the currentfluctuations in the qubit loop and the linear response function of the drivenqubit coupled to a heat bath are calculated with Bloch-Redfield and rotatingwave approximations. Backaction effects of the qubit on the tank and the tankon the qubit are analyzed quantitatively. We show that the voltage spectrum ofthe tank provides detailed information about a frequency and a decay rate ofRabi oscillations in the qubit. It is found that both an efficiency ofspectroscopic measurement and measurement-induced decoherence of the qubitdemonstrate a resonant behaviour as the Rabi frequency approaches the resonantfrequency of the tank. We determine conditions when the spectroscopicobservation of the Rabi oscillations in the flux qubit with the tank circuitcan be considered as a weak continuous quantum measurement.
Thermal fluctuations in ultrasmall intrinsic Josephson junctions	2003	Current-voltage curves of small area hysteretic intrinsic Josephsonjunctions, for which the Josephson energy $E_J=\hbar J_c/2e$ is of order ofthermal energy $kT$, are investigated. A non-monotonic temperature dependenceof the switching current is observed and explained by thermal phasefluctuations. At low temperatures premature switching from the superconductinginto the resistive state is the most important effect of fluctuations. At hightemperatures only a single resistive branch is observed. At the cross-overtemperature a hysteretic phase-diffusion branch exists. It shows the importanceof a frequency-dependent impedance of an external circuit formed by the leads.
Magnetic-field and current-density distributions in thin-film  superconducting rings and disks	2003	We show how to calculate the magnetic-field and sheet-current distributionsfor a thin-film superconducting annular ring (inner radius a, outer radius b,and thickness d<<a) when either the penetration depth obeys lambda < d/2 or, iflambda > d/2, the two-dimensional screening length obeys Lambda = 2 lambda^2/d<< a for the following cases: (a) magnetic flux trapped in the hole in theabsence of an applied magnetic field, (b) zero magnetic flux in the hole whenthe ring is subjected to an applied magnetic field, and (c) focusing ofmagnetic flux into the hole when a magnetic field is applied but no net currentflows around the ring. We use a similar method to calculate the magnetic-fieldand sheet-current distributions and magnetization loops for a thin,bulk-pinning-free superconducting disk (radius b) containing a dome of magneticflux of radius a when flux entry is impeded by a geometrical barrier.
Detection of weak-order phase transitions in ferromagnets by ac  resistometry	2003	It is shown that ac resistometry can serve as an effective tool for thedetection of phase transitions, such as spin reorientation or premartensiticphase transitions, which generally are not disclosed by dc resistivitymeasurement. Measurement of temperature dependence of impedance, $Z(T)$, allowsone to unmask the anomaly, corresponding to a weak-order phase transition. Theappearance of such an anomaly is accounted for by a change in the effectivepermeability $\mu$ of a sample upon the phase transition. Moreover, frequencydependence of $\mu$ makes it possible to use the frequency of the applied accurrent as an adjusting parameter in order to make this anomaly morepronounced. The applicability of this method is tested for the rare earth Gdand Heusler alloy Ni$_2$MnGa.
Surface impedance of superconductive thin films as a function of  frequency in microwave range	2003	We report measurements of the complex resistivity in $YBCO$ and $MgB_2$ thinfilms over a continuous frequency spectrum in the microwave range, making useof a Corbino disk geometry. The paper mainly focuses on the extraction of theresistivity from raw data, displaying data analisys procedure and its limits ofvalidity. We obtain and show resistivity curves as a function of frequency andtemperature denoting a frequency dependent widening of the superconductivetransition.
Electron transport through interacting quantum dots	2003	We present a detailed theoretical investigation of the effect of Coulombinteractions on electron transport through quantum dots and double barrierstructures connected to a voltage source via an arbitrary linear impedance.Combining real time path integral techniques with the scattering matrixapproach we derive the effective action and evaluate the current-voltagecharacteristics of quantum dots at sufficiently large conductances. Ouranalysis reveals a reach variety of different regimes which we specify indetails for the case of chaotic quantum dots. At sufficiently low energies theinteraction correction to the current depends logarithmically on temperatureand voltage. We identify two different logarithmic regimes with the crossoverbetween them occurring at energies of order of the inverse dwell time ofelectrons in the dot. We also analyze the frequency-dependent shot noise inchaotic quantum dots and elucidate its direct relation to interaction effectsin mesoscopic electron transport.
Multi-level quantum description of decoherence in superconducting qubits	2003	We present a multi-level quantum theory of decoherence for a general circuitrealization of a superconducting qubit. Using electrical network graph theory,we derive a Hamiltonian for the circuit. The dissipative circuit elements(external impedances, shunt resistors) are described using the Caldeira-Leggettmodel. The master equation for the superconducting phases in the Born-Markovapproximation is derived and brought into the Bloch-Redfield form in order todescribe multi-level dissipative quantum dynamics of the circuit. The modeltakes into account leakage effects, i.e. transitions from the allowed qubitstates to higher excited states of the system. As a special case, we truncatethe Hilbert space and derive a two-level (Bloch) theory with characteristicrelaxation (T_1) and decoherence (T_2) times. We apply our theory to the classof superconducting flux qubits; however, the formalism can be applied for bothsuperconducting flux and charge qubits.
Microwave Spectroscopy of PrOs_4Sb_12: Josephson-Coupled Two-Band  Superconductivity and Itinerant f Electrons	2003	We report microwave surface impedance measurements made on a single crystalof PrOs_4Sb_12 across the frequency range 0.5 to 21 GHz. The penetration depthdata provide clear thermodynamic evidence for superconductivity arising in twobands coupled by Josephson pair-tunneling, indicating two order parameters withthe same symmetry. Detailed conductivity spectra obtained using high-resolutionbolometry confirm this picture and extend it, revealing the itinerant nature ofthe Pr f electrons through the observation of quasiparticles with heavilyrenormalized mass.
A Millikelvin Scanned Probe for Measurement of Nanostructures	2003	We demonstrate a scanning force microscope, based upon a quartz tuning fork,that operates below 100 mK and in magnetic fields up to 6 T. The microscope hasa conducting tip for electrical probing of nanostructures of interest, and itincorporates a low noise cryogenic amplifier to measure both the vibrations ofthe tuning fork and the electrical signals from the nanostructures. Atmillikelvin temperatures the imaging resolution is below 1 um in a 22 um x 22um range, and a coarse motion provides translations of a few mm. This scannedprobe is useful for high bandwidth measurement of many high impedancenanostructures on a single sample. We show data locating an SET within an arrayand measure its coulomb blockade with a sensitivity of 2.6 x 10^-5 e/Hz^1/2.
Evidence for entangled states of two coupled flux qubits	2003	We have studied the low-frequency magnetic susceptibility of two inductivelycoupled flux qubits using the impedance measurement technique (IMT), throughtheir influence on the resonant properties of a weakly coupled high-qualitytank circuit. In a single qubit, an IMT dip in the tank's current--voltagephase angle at the level anticrossing yields the amplitude of coherent fluxtunneling. For two qubits, the difference (IMT deficit) between the sum ofsingle-qubit dips and the dip amplitude when both qubits are at degeneracyshows that the system is in a mixture of entangled states (a necessarycondition for entanglement). The dependence on temperature and relative biasbetween the qubits allows one to determine all the parameters of the effectiveHamiltonian and equilibrium density matrix, and confirms the formation ofentangled eigenstates.
Magnetization reversal process and nonlinear magneto-impedance in  Cu/NiFe and Nb/NiFe composite wires	2004	The magnetization reversal of Cu/NiFe and Nb/NiFe composite wires carrying ACcurrent is studied. The frequency spectrum of a voltage induced in a pick-upcoil wound around the wire is analyzed. The frequency spectrum is shown toconsist of even harmonics within a wide range of AC current amplitudes andlongitudinal DC magnetic fields. The strong dependencies of the harmonicamplitudes on the DC field are found. The results obtained may be of importancefor the design of weak magnetic field sensors.
Radio-Frequency Method for Investigation of Quantum Properties of  Superconducting Structures	2004	We implement the impedance measurement technique (IMT) for characterizationof interferometer-type superconducting qubits. In the framework of this method,the interferometer loop is inductively coupled to a high-quality tank circuit.We show that the IMT is a powerful tool to study a response of externallycontrolled two-level system to different types of excitations. Conclusiveinformation about qubits is obtained from the read-out of the tank properties.
Local Geometry of the Fermi Surface and the Cyclotron Resonance in  Metals in a Normal Magnetic Field	2004	In this paper we present a detailed theoretical analysis of the cyclotronresonance in metals in the magnetic field directed along a normal to thesurface of a sample. We show that this resonance occurs due to local geometryof the Fermi surface of a metal. When the Fermi surface (FS) includes segmentswhere its curvature turns zero or diverges, this could give rise to resonancefeatures in the frequency/magnetic field dependence of the surface impedance orits derivative with respect to the field. Otherwise the resonance is scarcelydetectable unlike the well-known cyclotron resonance in a parallel magneticfield. The proposed theory agrees with experimantal results concerning bothconvenient and organic metals.
Transport in Nanotubes: Effect of Remote Impurity Scattering	2004	Theory of the remote Coulomb impurity scattering in single--wall carbonnanotubes is developed within one--electron approximation. Boltzmann equationis solved within drift--diffusion model to obtain the tube conductivity. Theconductivity depends on the type of the nanotube bandstructure (metal orsemiconductor) and on the electron Fermi level. We found exponential dependenceof the conductivity on the Fermi energy due to the Coulomb scattering rate hasa strong dependence on the momentum transfer. We calculate intra-- andinter--subband scattering rates and present general expressions for theconductivity. Numerical results, as well as obtained analytical expressions,show that the degenerately doped semiconductor tubes may have very highmobility unless the doping level becomes too high and the inter--subbandtransitions impede the electron transport.
Field-Induced Resistive Switching in Metal-Oxide Interfaces	2004	We investigate the polarity-dependent field-induced resistive switchingphenomenon driven by electric pulses in perovskite oxides. Our data show thatthe switching is a common occurrence restricted to an interfacial layer betweena deposited metal electrode and the oxide. We determine through impedancespectroscopy that the interfacial layer is no thicker than 10 nm and that theswitch is accompanied by a small capacitance increase associated with chargeaccumulation. Based on interfacial I-V characterization and measurement of thetemperature dependence of the resistance, we propose that a field-createdcrystalline defect mechanism, which is controllable for devices, drives theswitch.
Radio-frequency operation of a double-island single-electron transistor	2004	We present results on a double-island single-electron transistor (DISET)operated at radio-frequency (rf) for fast and highly sensitive detection ofcharge motion in the solid state. Using an intuitive definition for the chargesensitivity, we compare a DISET to a conventional single-electron transistor(SET). We find that a DISET can be more sensitive than a SET for identical,minimum device resistances in the Coulomb blockade regime. This is ofparticular importance for rf operation where ideal impedance matching to 50 Ohmtransmission lines is only possible for a limited range of device resistances.We report a charge sensitivity of 5.6E-6 e/sqrt(Hz) for a rf-DISET, togetherwith a demonstration of single-shot detection of small (<=0.1e) charge signalson microsecond timescales.
Tailoring of ferromagnetic Pr0.85Ca0.15MnO3/ferroelectric Ba0.6Sr0.4TiO3  superlattices for multiferroic properties	2004	Superlattices composed of ferromagnetic Pr0.85Ca0.15MnO3 and ferroelectricBa0.6Sr0.4TiO3 layers were fabricated on (100) SrTiO3 substrates by apulsed-laser deposition method. The capacitance and resistive parts of thesamples were analyzed from the complex impedance measurements, performed on thesamples using a special experimental set-up. The superlattice with largerferroelectric thickness shows unique characteristics which are not present inthe parent ferromagnetic thin film. The superlattice show both ferromagneticand ferroelectric transitions which is an evidence for the coexistence of boththe properties. The high magnetoresistance (40 % at 80K) shown by thesuperlattice can be attributed to the coupling between ferromagnetic andferroelectric layers, i.e, to the magnetoelectric effect.
Spectroscopic Evidence for Multiple Order Parameter Components in the  Heavy Fermion Superconductor CeCoIn_5	2004	Point-contact spectroscopy was performed on single crystals of theheavy-fermion superconductor CeCoIn_5 between 150 mK and 2.5 K. A pulsedmeasurement technique ensured minimal Joule heating over a wide voltage range.The spectra show Andreev-reflection characteristics with multiple structureswhich depend on junction impedance. Spectral analysis using the generalizedBlonder-Tinkham-Klapwijk formalism for d-wave pairing revealed two coexistingorder parameter components, with amplitudes Delta_1 = 0.95 +/- 0.15 meV andDelta_2 = 2.4 +/- 0.3 meV, which evolve differently with temperature. Ourobservations indicate a highly unconventional pairing mechanism, possiblyinvolving multiple bands.
Concept of Multiply Connected Superconducting Tapes	2004	The possibility of a substantial reduction of weight and size of electricalgenerators is the main incentive behind the effort to develop superconductingarmature windings based on coated conductors in the form of wide tapes withlarge aspect ratio. The main obstacle to the application of coatedsuperconductors in stator windings is the large losses incurred due to the acmagnetic field produced by the rotor's dc coils of the field windings. In therange of frequencies typical for aircraft generators, the hysteretic losses inwide tapes are unacceptably high. They can be reduced by dividing thesuperconducting layer into multiple filaments separated by non-superconductingbarriers. However, the lack of current sharing between the filaments makes theconductor vulnerable to the localized defects, so that a single blockage canimpede the flow of transport current through the whole length of a givenfilament. We present estimates of reliability as well as the magnetizationlosses in multiply connected superconductors. In this type of superconductingtape, a sparse network of superconducting bridges, which allows for currentsharing, connects the filaments. The trade-off between the different types oflosses and the connectivity requirement imposes restrictions on the number offilaments and properties of the network of bridges.
Speeding up a single-molecule DNA motor with a simple catalyst	2004	We demonstrate a catalytic control method for speeding up the single-moleculeDNA motor introduced by Li and Tan [Nano Lett. {\bf 2}, 315 (2002)]. A keyrate-limiting barrier in the reaction part of the cycle is the tendency for thesecond fuel strand $B$ to fold into the chair-like configuration of theoriginal motor strand $M$. This seriously impedes the restoration reaction. Wehave designed a catalytic strand to inhibit the folding of $B$. Introduction ofthe catalyst speeds up the restoration reaction by roughly a factor of 2. Thecatalyst shows robust behavior for more than one cycle. The experimental datacan be understood with a model with intermediate products. This techniqueprovides dynamic control of the restoration rate of the motor without affectingthe straightening rate.
Dielectric resonances of ordered passive arrays	2005	The electrical and optical properties of ordered passive arrays, constitutedof inductive and capacitive components, are usually deduced from Kirchhoff'srules. Under the assumption of periodic boundary conditions, comparable resultsmay be obtained via an approach employing transfer matrices. In particular,resonances in the dielectric spectrum are demonstrated to occur if alleigenvalues of the transfer matrix of the entire array are unity. The lattercondition, which is shown to be equivalent to the habitual definition of aresonance in impedance for an array between electrodes, allows for a convenientand accurate determination of the resonance frequencies, and may thus be usedas a tool for the design of materials with a specific dielectric response. Forthe opposite case of linear arrays in a large network, where periodic boundarycondition do not apply, several asymptotic properties are derived. Throughoutthe article, the derived analytic results are compared to numerical models,based on either Exact Numerical Renormalisation or the spectral method.
Higher moments of noise	2005	"In this article we present simple approaches to the calculation of P(i) (theprobability distribution of current fluctuations) in a tunnel junction, and tothe effect of the environment on noise measurements in terms of themodification of P. We do not provide rigorous calculations, but simpleconsiderations that bear the essential ingredients of the phenomena. We alsodiscuss the effect of a finite measurement bandwidth. We report experimentalresults of the first measurement of the third moment of voltage fluctuations intunnel junctions, from room temperature down to 50mK. Then we discussextensions of that measurements to finite frequencies and to the study of othersystems. We show the first data of the third moment in the regime where thefrequency is larger than the temperature. Finally we discuss a new quantity,the ""noise thermal impedance"", which links the second and third moment."
Universal statistics of the local Green's function in quantum chaotic  systems with absorption	2005	We establish a general relation between the statistics of the local Green'sfunction for systems with chaotic wave scattering and a uniform energy loss(absorption) and its two-point correlation function for the same system withoutabsorption. Within the random matrix approach this kind of a fluctuationdissipation relation allows us to derive the explicit analytical expression forthe joint distribution function of the real and imaginary parts of the localGreen function for all symmetry classes as well as at an arbitrary degree ofthe time-reversal symmetry breaking in the system. The outstanding problem ofthe orthogonal symmetry is further reduced to simple quadratures. The resultscan be applied, in particular, to the experimentally accessible impedance andreflection in a microwave cavity attached to a single-mode antenna.
Modeling of asymmetric giant magnetoimpedance in amorphous ribbons with  a surface crystalline layer	2005	A model describing the asymmetric giant magnetoimpedance (GMI) infield-annealed amorphous ribbons is proposed. It is assumed that the ribbonconsists of an inner amorphous core and surface hard magnetic crystallinelayers. The model is based on a simultaneous solution of linearizied Maxwellequations and Landau-Lifshitz equation. The coupling between the surface layersand the amorphous core is described in terms of an effective bias field.Analytical expressions for the frequency and field dependences of the ribbonimpedance are found. The calculated dependences are in a qualitative agreementwith results of experimental studies of the high-frequency asymmetric giant GMIin field-annealed amorphous ribbons.
Quantum phase slips in the presence of finite-range disorder	2005	To study the effect of disorder on quantum phase slips (QPS) insuperconducting wires, we consider the plasmon-only model where disorder can beincorporated into a first-principles instanton calculation. We consider weakbut general finite-range disorder and compute the formfactor in the QPS rateassociated with momentum transfer. We find that the system maps ontodissipative quantum mechanics, with the dissipative coefficient controlled bythe wave (plasmon) impedance Z of the wire and with a superconductor-insulatortransition at Z=6.5 kOhm. We speculate that the system will remain in thisuniversality class after resistive effects at the QPS core are taken intoaccount.
Relaxor ferroelectricity and colossal magnetocapacitive coupling in  ferromagnetic CdCr2S4	2005	Multiferroic materials, which reveal magnetic and electric order, are in thefocus of recent solid state research. Especially the simultaneous occurrence offerroelectricity and ferromagnetism, combined with an intimate coupling ofmagnetization and polarization via magneto-capacitive effects, could pave theway for a new generation of electronic devices. Here we present measurements ona simple cubic spinel with unusual properties: It shows ferromagnetic order andsimultaneously relaxor ferroelectricity, i.e. a ferroelectric cluster state,reached by a smeared-out phase transition, both with sizable orderingtemperatures and moments. Close to the ferromagnetic ordering temperature themagneto-capacitive coupling, characterized by a variation of the dielectricconstant in an external magnetic field, reaches colossal values of nearly 500%.We attribute the relaxor properties to geometric frustration, which is wellknown for magnetic moments, but here is found to impede long-range order of thestructural degrees of freedom.
Dynamical Coulomb blockade of multiple Andreev reflections	2005	"We analyze the dynamical Coulomb blockade of multiple Andreev reflections(MAR) in a superconducting quantum point contact coupled to a macroscopicimpedance. We find that at very low transmission the blockade scales as $n^2$with $n = {Int}(2\Delta/eV)$, where $V$ is the bias voltage and $\Delta$ is thesuperconducting gap, as it would correspond to the occurrence of ""shots"" ofcharge $ne$. For higher transmission the blockade is reduced both due to Pauliprinciple and to elastic renormalization of the MAR probability, and forcertain voltage regions it may even become an ""antiblockade"", i.e. the currentis enhanced due to the coupling with the electromagnetic environment."
Microwave Transport in Metallic Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes	2005	The dynamical conductance of electrically contacted single-walled carbonnanotubes is measured from dc to 10 GHz as a function of source-drain voltagein both the low-field and high-field limits. The ac conductance of the nanotubeitself is found to be equal to the dc conductance over the frequency rangestudied for tubes in both the ballistic and diffusive limit. This clearlydemonstrates that nanotubes can carry high-frequency currents at least as wellas dc currents over a wide range of operating conditions. Although a detailedtheoretical explanation is still lacking, we present a phenomenological modelof the ac impedance of a carbon nanotube in the presence of scattering that isconsistent with these results.
Topological defects in triplet superconductors UPt$_{3}$,  Sr$_{2}$RuO$_{4}$, etc	2005	After a brief introduction on nodal superconductors, we review thetopological defects in triplet superconductors such as UPt$_{3}$,Sr$_{2}$RuO$_{4}$, etc. This is in part motivated by the surprising discoveryof Ana Celia Mota and her colleagues that in some triplet superconductors theflux motion is completely impeded (the ideal pinning). Among topologicaldefects the most prominent is Abrikosov's vortex with quantum flux $\phi_{0}=\frac{hc}{2e}$. Abrikosov's vortex is universal and ubiquitous and seen in bothconventional and unconventional superconductors by the Bitter decorationtechnique, small angle neutron scattering (SANS), scanning tunneling microscopy(STM), micromagnetometer and more recently by Lorentz electron micrograph. Inorder to interpret the experiment by Mota et al a variety of textures areproposed. In particular, in analogy to superfluid $^{3}$He-A the$\hat{\ell}$-soliton and $\hat{d}$-soliton play the prominent role. We reviewthese notions and point out possible detection of these domain walls andhalf-quantum vortices in some triplet superconductors.
Impeded Growth of Magnetic Flux Bubbles in the Intermediate State  Pattern of Type I Superconductors	2005	"Normal state bubble patterns in Type I superconducting Indium and Lead slabsare studied by the high resolution magneto-optical imaging technique. The sizeof bubbles is found to be almost independent of the long-range interactionbetween the normal state domains. Under bubble diameter and slab thicknessproper scaling, the results gather onto a single master curve. On this basis,in the framework of the ""current-loop"" model [R.E. Goldstein, D.P. Jackson andA.T. Dorsey, Phys. Rev. Lett. 76, 3818 (1996)], we calculate the equilibriumdiameter of an isolated bubble resulting from the competition between theBiot-and-Savart interaction of the Meissner current encircling the bubble andthe superconductor-normal interface energy. A good quantitative agreement withthe master curve is found over two decades of the magnetic Bond number. Theisolation of each bubble in the superconducting matrix and the existence of apositive interface energy are shown to preclude any continuous size variationof the bubbles after their formation, contrary to the prediction of mean-fieldmodels."
Magnetocapacitance effect in perovskite-superlattice based multiferroics	2005	We report the structural and magnetoelectrical properties ofLa$_{0.7}$Ca$_{0.3}$MnO$_3$/BaTiO$_3$ perovskite superlattices grown on(001)-oriented SrTiO$_3$ by the pulsed laser deposition technique. Magnetichysteresis loops together with temperature dependent magnetic propertiesexhibit well-defined coercivity and magnetic transition temperature (T$_C$)\symbol{126}140 K. $DC$ electrical studies of films show that themagnetoresistance (MR) is dependent on the BaTiO$_3$ thickness and negative$MR$ as high as 30% at 100K are observed. The $AC$ electrical studies revealthat the impedance and capacitance in these films vary with the appliedmagnetic field due to the magnetoelectrical coupling in these structures - akey feature of multiferroics. A negative magnetocapacitance value in the filmas high as 3% per tesla at 1kHz and 100K is demonstrated, opening the route fordesigning novel functional materials.
Microwave response of bulk MgB2 samples of different granularity	2005	The microwave response of three high-density bulk MgB2 samples has beeninvestigated in the linear and nonlinear regimes. The three samples,characterized by different mean size of grains, have been obtained by reactiveinfiltration of liquid Mg in powdered B preforms. The linear response has beenstudied by measuring the microwave surface impedance; the nonlinear response bydetecting the power radiated by the sample at the second-harmonic frequency ofthe driving field. Our results suggest that bulk MgB2 prepared by the liquid Mginfiltration technique is particularly promising for manufacturing resonantcavities operating at microwave frequencies.
Four-qubit device with mixed couplings	2005	We present the first experimental results on a device with more than twosuperconducting qubits. The circuit consists of four three-junction fluxqubits, with simultaneous ferro- and antiferromagnetic coupling implementedusing shared Josephson junctions. Its response, which is dominated by theground state, is characterized using low-frequency impedance measurement with asuperconducting tank circuit coupled to the qubits. The results are found to bein excellent agreement with the quantum-mechanical predictions.
"Ion exchange phase transitions in ""doped"" water--filled channels"	2005	Ion transport through narrow water--filled channels is impeded by a highelectrostatic barrier. The latter originates from the large ratio of thedielectric constants of the water and a surrounding media. We show that``doping'', i.e. immobile charges attached to the walls of the channel,substantially reduces the barrier. This explains why most of the biological ionchannels are ``doped''. We show that at rather generic conditions the channelsmay undergo ion exchange phase transitions (typically of the first order). Uponsuch a transition a finite latent concentration of ions may either enter orleave the channel, or be exchanged between the ions of different valences. Wediscuss possible implications of these transitions for the Ca-vs.-Naselectivity of biological Ca channels. We also show that transport of divalentCa ions is assisted by their fractionalization into two separate excitations.
Giant magnetoimpedance in composite wires with insulator layer between  non-magnetic core and soft magnetic shell	2005	A method for calculation of the magnetoimpedance in composite wires having aninsulator layer between non-magnetic core and soft magnetic shell is described.It is assumed that the magnetic shell has a helical anisotropy and the drivingcurrent flows through the core only. The distribution of eddy currents andexpressions for the impedance are found by means of a solution of Maxwellequations taking into account the magnetization dynamics within the shellgoverned by the Landau-Lifshitz equation. The effect of the insulator layer onthe magnetoimpedance is analyzed.
Dynamics of Josephson junctions and single-flux-quantum networks with  superconductor-insulator-normal metal junction shunts	2005	Within the framework of the microscopic model of tunneling, we modelled thebehavior of the Josephson junction shunted by theSuperconductor-Insulator-Normal metal (SIN) tunnel junction. We found that theelectromagnetic impedance of the SIN junction yields both thefrequency-dependent damping and dynamic reactance which leads to an increase inthe effective capacitance of the circuit. We calculated the dc I-V curves andtransient characteristics of these circuits and explained their quantitativedifferences to the curves obtained within the resistively shunted junctionmodel. The correct operation of the basic single-flux-quanta circuits with suchSIN-shunted junctions, i.e. the Josephson transmission line and the toggleflip-flop, have also been modelled.
A Twisted Pair Cryogenic Filter	2006	In low temperature transport measurements, there is frequently a need toprotect a device at cryogenic temperatures from thermal noise originating inwarmer parts of the experiment. There are also a wide range of experiments,such as high precision transport measurements on low impedance devices, inwhich a twisted-pair wiring configuration is useful to eliminate magneticpickup. Furthermore, with the rapid growth in complexity of cryogenicexperiments, as in the field of quantum computing, there is a need for morefiltered lines into a cryostat than are often available using the bulky lowtemperature filters in use today. We describe a low cost filter that providesthe needed RF attenuation while allowing for tens of wires in a twisted pairconfiguration with an RF-tight connection to the sample holder. Our filterconsists of manganin twisted pairs wrapped in copper tape with a light-tightconnection to the shield of the sample holder. We demonstrate agreement of ourfilter with a theoretical model up to the noise floor of our measurementapparatus (90 dB). We describe operation of our filter in noise thermometryexperiments down to 10 mK.
GHz sandwich strip inductors based on Fe-N Films	2006	Planar strip inductors consisting of two Fe-N films enclosing a conductingfilm made of Cu, were fabricated on oxidized Si substrates. The inductors were1mm long, 2 to 100 um wide, with layers of thickness ~0.1 um for the magneticfilms and ~0.5 um for the conductor. The soft (Hc=4-8 Oe) magnetic layers werebiased during impedance measurement by applying an external field along thestrip length thereby facilitating the transverse susceptibility configuration.Biased strips exhibited 70 to 100% inductance enhancement at 1GHz with qualityfactors Q=4.5 to 3, respectively. The magnetic contribution to the total fluxin the narrow devices was less than predicted theoretically, which wasattributed to hardening of the magnetic material at the edges of the strip,where the deposition was close to 60 degree incidence. Test films werefabricated on tilted substrates and found to develop a very high anisotropy (upto 1 kOe) for deposition angles larger than 30 degrees. Optimizing the fluxclosure at the strip edges and using thicker conductor layers is essential forfurther improving the performance of sandwich strip inductors.
Tunneling of Cooper pairs across voltage biased asymmetric  single-Cooper-pair transistors	2006	We analyze tunneling of Cooper pairs across voltage biased asymmetricsingle-Cooper-pair transistors. Also tunneling of Cooper pairs across twocapacitively coupled Cooper-pair boxes is considered, when the capacitivecoupling and Cooper pair tunneling are provided by a small Josephson junctionbetween the islands. The theoretical analysis is done at subgap voltages, wherethe current-voltage characteristics depend strongly on the macroscopiceigenstates of the island(s) and their coupling to the dissipative environment.As the environment we use an impedance which satisfies Re[Z]<<R_Q and a fewLC-oscillators in series with Z. The numerically calculated I-V curves arecompared with experiments where the quantum states of mesoscopic SQUIDs areprobed with inelastic Cooper pair tunneling. The main features of the observedI-V data are reproduced. Especially, we find traces of band structure in thehigher excited states of the Cooper-pair boxes as well as traces of multiphotonprocesses between two Cooper-pair boxes in the regime of large Josephsoncoupling.
Direct imaging of lattice strain-induced stripe phases in an  optimally-doped manganite	2006	In a manganite film without quenched disorder, we show texturing in the formof insulating and metallic stripes above and below Curie temperature (Tc),respectively, by high resolution scanning tunneling microscopy/spectroscopy(STM/STS). The formation of these stripes involves competing orbital and chargeorders, and are an outcome of overlapping electron wave-functions mediated bylong-range lattice strain. Contrary to popular perception, electronicallyhomogeneous stripe phase underlines the efficacy of the lattice strain inbringing about charge density modulation and in impeding the cross-talk betweenthe order parameters, which otherwise evolves inhomogeneously in the form oforbitally-ordered insulating and orbitally disordered metallic phases.
Observation of a Transition from BCS to HTSC-like Superconductivity in  Ba_{1-x}K_xBiO_3 Single Crystals	2006	A study of temperature dependences of the upper critical field B_{c2}(T) andsurface impedance Z(T)=R(T)+iX(T) in Ba_{1-x}K_xBiO_3 single crystals that havetransition temperatures in the range 6 < T_c < 32 K (roughly 0.6>x>0.4) revealsa transition from BCS to unusual type of superconductivity. B_{c2}(T) curvescorresponding to the crystals that have T_c>20 K have positive curvature (likein some HTSC), and those of the crystals with T_c<15 K fall on the usualWerthamer-Helfand-Hohenberg curve. R(T) and X(T) dependences of the crystalswith T_c~30 K and T_c~11 K are respectively linear (like in HTSC) andexponential (BCS) in the temperature range T << T_c. The experimental resultsare discussed in connection with the extended saddle point model by Abrikosov.
Radiation From Flux Flow In Josephson Junction Structures	2006	We derive the radiation power from a single Josephson junction (JJ) and fromlayered superconductors in the flux-flow regime. For the JJ case we formulatethe boundary conditions for the electric and magnetic fields at the edges ofthe superconducting leads using the Maxwell equations in the dielectric mediaand find dynamic boundary conditions for the phase difference in JJ whichaccount for the radiation. In a finite-length JJ the power conversionefficiency is determined by the dissipation inside JJ and it tends to unity asdissipation vanishes independently of mismatch of the junction and dielectricmedia impedances. We formulate also the dynamic boundary conditions for thephase difference in intrinsic Josephson junctions in layered high-temperaturesuperconductors at the boundary with free space. Using these boundaryconditions, we find the dynamic phase difference in the linear regime forrectangular and triangular lattices of Josephson vortices and evaluateradiation into a free space for these simple cases.
Imaging of Microscopic Sources of Resistive and Reactive Nonlinearities  in Superconducting Microwave Devices	2006	The technique of low-temperature Laser Scanning Microscopy (LSM) has beenapplied to the investigation of local microwave properties in operatingYBa2Cu3O7/LaAlO3 thin-film resonators patterned into a meandering striptransmission line. By using a modified newly developed procedure ofspatially-resolved complex impedance partition, the influence of inhomogeneouscurrent flow on the formation of nonlinear (NL) microwave response in suchplanar devices is analyzed in terms of the independent impact from resistiveand inductive components. The modified procedure developed here is dramaticallyfaster than our previous method. The LSM capability to probe the spatialvariations of two-tone, third-order intermodulation currents on micron lengthscales is used to find the 2D distribution of the local sources of microwaveNL. The results show that the dominant sources of microwave NL are stronglylocalized in the resistive domains.
Scattering of surface plasmon polaritons by one-dimensional  inhomogeneities	2006	The scattering of surface plasmons polaritons by a one-dimensional defect ofthe surface is theoretically studied, by means of both Rayleigh and modalexpansions. The considered defects are either relief perturbations orvariations in the permittivity of the metal. The dependence of transmission,reflection and out-of-plane scattering on parameters defining the defect ispresented. We find that the radiated energy is forwardly directed (with respectto the surface plasmon propagation) in the case of an impedance defect.However, for relief defects, the radiated energy may be directed into backwardor forward (or both) directions, depending on the defect width.
A Position Sensitive X-ray Spectrophotometer using Microwave Kinetic  Inductance Detectors	2006	The surface impedance of a superconductor changes when energy is absorbed andCooper pairs are broken to produce single electron (quasiparticle) excitations.This change may be sensitively measured using a thin-film resonant circuitcalled a microwave kinetic inductance detector (MKID). The practicalapplication of MKIDs for photon detection requires a method of efficientlycoupling the photon energy to the MKID. We present results on positionsensitive X-ray detectors made by using two aluminum MKIDs on either side of atantalum photon absorber strip. Diffusion constants, recombination times, andenergy resolution are reported. MKIDs can easily be scaled into large arrays.
Scaling of the microwave magneto-impedance in  Tl$_2$Ba$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+}$ thin films	2006	We present measurements of the magnetic field-induced microwave complexresistivity changes at 47 GHz in Tl$_2$Ba$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+\delta}$ (TBCCO)thin films, in the ranges 58 K$<T<T_{c}$ and 0$<\mu_{0}H<$0.8 T. The largeimaginary part $\Delta\rho_{2}(H)$ points to strong elastic response, but thedata are not easily reconciled with a rigid vortex model. We find that, over awide range of temperatures, all the pairs of curves $\Delta\rho_{1}(H)$ and$\Delta\rho_{2}(H)$ can be collapsed on a pair of scaling curves$\Delta\rho_{1}[H/H^{*}(T)]$, $\Delta\rho_{2}[H/H^{*}(T)]$, with the samescaling field $H^{*}(T)$. We argue that $H^{*}(T)$ is related to the loss ofvortex rigidity due to a vortex transformation.
Cooper Pair Transport in a Resistor-Biased Josephson Junction Array	2006	The dc transport properties of long arrays of small Al Josephson junctions,biased through on-chip Cr resistors, are studied. The IV-characteristics show alarge Coulomb threshold for current as well as negative-slope regionsindicating the regime of autonomous Bloch oscillations up to rather highfrequencies of f = I/2e ~1 GHz, comparable to those reported by other groupsfor single junctions. On the other hand, a small depth of the back-bendingimplies a low duty cycle and a broad spectrum of the oscillations, which weattribute to the insufficiently high impedance of the bias resistors. Aself-sustained switching process at a small bias current is used to study thestatistics of the switching voltages and to determine the effective Blochcapacitance which was found to considerably exceed the geometric junctioncapacitance.
RF bifurcation of a Josephson junction: microwave embedding circuit  requirements	2006	A Josephson tunnel junction which is RF-driven near a dynamical bifurcationpoint can amplify quantum signals. The bifurcation point will exist robustlyonly if the electrodynamic environment of the junction meets certain criteria.In this article we develop a general formalism for dealing with the non-lineardynamics of Josephson junction embedded in an arbitrary microwave circuit. Wefind sufficient conditions for the existence of the bifurcation regime: a) theembedding impedance of the junction need to present a resonance at a particularfrequency $\omega_{R}$, with the quality factor $Q$ of the resonance and theparticipation ratio $p$ of the junction satisfying $Qp\gg 1$, b) the drivefrequency should be low frequency detuned away from $\omega_{R}$ by more than$\sqrt{3}\omega_{R}/(2Q)$.
Transient stability of a power system with superconducting fault current  limiters	2007	The influence of a superconducting fault current limiter (FCL) on thetransient stability of the synchronic operation of electric machines isanalyzed for different locations of the inductive FCL in a network and fordifferent parameters of the device. It is shown that the stability can beimproved or degraded depending on the FCL impedance under a fault and the timeof the recovery of the initial state of the limiter after a fault. Improvingthe transient stability with the inductive superconducting FCL is demonstratedin the experiments on the electrodynamic model of a power system. The expansionof the obtained results for other FCL designs is discussed.
Model-Independent Sum Rule Analysis Based on Limited-Range Spectral Data	2007	Partial sum rules are widely used in physics to separate low- and high-energydegrees of freedom of complex dynamical systems. Their application, though, ischallenged in practice by the always finite spectrometer bandwidth and is oftenperformed using risky model-dependent extrapolations. We show that, givenspectra of the real and imaginary parts of any causal frequency-dependentresponse function (for example, optical conductivity, magnetic susceptibility,acoustical impedance etc.) in a limited range, the sum-rule integral from zeroto a certain cutoff frequency inside this range can be safely derived usingonly the Kramers-Kronig dispersion relations without any extra modelassumptions. This implies that experimental techniques providing both activeand reactive response components independently, such as spectroscopicellipsometry in optics, allow an extrapolation-independent determination ofspectral weight 'hidden' below the lowest accessible frequency.
Broadband dielectric microwave microscopy on $$m length scales	2007	We demonstrate that a near-field microwave microscope based on a transmissionline resonator allows imaging in a substantially wide range of frequencies, sothat the microscope properties approach those of a spatially-resolved impedanceanalyzer. In the case of an electric probe, the broadband imaging can be usedin a direct fashion to separate contributions from capacitive and resistiveproperties of a sample at length scales on the order of one micron. Using amicrowave near-field microscope based on a transmission line resonator weimaged the local dielectric properties of a Focused Ion Beam (FIB) milledstructure on a high-dielectric-constant Ba_{0.6}Sr_{0.4}TiO_3 (BSTO) thin filmin the frequency range from 1.3 GHz to 17.4 GHz. The electrostaticapproximation breaks down already at frequencies above ~10 GHz for the probegeometry used, and a full-wave analysis is necessary to obtain qualitativeinformation from the images.
Magnetoelastic nature of solid oxygen epsilon-phase structure	2007	For a long time a crystal structure of high-pressure epsilon-phase of solidoxygen was a mistery. Basing on the results of recent experiments that havesolved this riddle we show that the magnetic and crystal structure ofepsilon-phase can be explained by strong exchange interactions ofantiferromagnetic nature. The singlet state implemented on quaters of O2molecules has the minimal exchange energy if compared to other possible singletstates (dimers, trimers). Magnetoelastic forces that arise from the spatialdependence of the exchange integral give rise to transformation of 4(O2)rhombuses into the almost regular quadrates. Antiferromagnetic character of theexchange interactions stabilizes distortion of crystal lattice in epsilon-phaseand impedes such a distortion in long-range alpha- and delta-phases.
Frequency Response of the Mechanochemically Synthesized AgI-Ag2O-B2O3  Superionic Glasses	2007	The synthesis of xAgI(1-x)[Ag2O.B2O3] amorphous superionic conductors is donevia mechanochemical synthesis route (for x = 0.5 and 0.7). Ionic conductivitiesof 3 mOhm-1cm-1 for x = 0.5 sample and 5mOhm-1cm-1 for x = 0.7 sample at roomtemperature, are observed, which are higher than those of the melt quenchedglassy samples. Impedance plots (Nyquist plots) are found to be depressedsemicircles with a tail at low frequency end. The corresponding equivalentcircuit is postulated and each circuit element is related to a physicalprocess. The ac conductivity is analyzed in view of the universal dynamicresponse (Bode Plots). A unique feature of the mechnochemically synthesizedglasses is that their dc conductivity vs. 1/T behavior exhibit two distinctregions with different activation energies. The activation energy for dcconductivity (Edc) and that for ac conductivity (Eac) and the frequencyexponent n are found to satisfy the UDR-relation, Eac= (1-n)Edc in the lowertemperature regime. In the high temperature region, however, this correlationcould not be established due to lack of sac data over the available frequencydomain.
Polaritons in cuprous oxide perturbed by LA-phonons	2007	We present a comparative analysis of a 'conventional' phonoriton (coherentsuperposition of exciton-photon-phonon) and a polariton (coherentexciton-photon superposition) 'weakly' coupled to the LA-phonons bath.Depending on duration of the pumping laser field the phonon-induced decoherenceresults in two distinct types of excitation. Long ($ms$) laser pumping pulsesform an 'equilibrium' polariton. The generic feature here is a pronouncedphoto-thermal bi-stability. i.e. formation of four distinct branches.Transitions between branches can be achieved by excitation energy fluctuationsas small as $200 neV$ which may impede BEC of the para-excitons. Short ($\mus$) laser pulses create a 'quasi-equilibrium' polariton. In the latter case,for some critical intensity of the laser field we demonstrate possibility ofstrong luminicence from a highly unstable localized state on the lowerpolariton branch.
Sotto Voce: Exploring the Interplay of Conversation and Mobile Audio  Spaces	2002	In addition to providing information to individual visitors, electronicguidebooks have the potential to facilitate social interaction between visitorsand their companions. However, many systems impede visitor interaction. Bycontrast, our electronic guidebook, Sotto Voce, has social interaction as aprimary design goal. The system enables visitors to share audio information -specifically, they can hear each other's guidebook activity using atechnologically mediated audio eavesdropping mechanism. We conducted a study ofvisitors using Sotto Voce while touring a historic house. The results indicatethat visitors are able to use the system effectively, both as a conversationalresource and as an information appliance. More surprisingly, our resultssuggest that the technologically mediated audio often cohered the visitors'conversation and activity to a far greater degree than audio delivered throughthe open air.
Stochastic Theory of Accelerated Detectors in a Quantum Field	1995	We analyze the statistical mechanical properties of n-detectors in arbitrarystates of motion interacting with each other via a quantum field. We use theopen system concept and the influence functional method to calculate theinfluence of quantum fields on detectors in motion, and the mutual influence ofdetectors via fields. We discuss the difference between self and mutualimpedance and advanced and retarded noise. The mutual effects of detectors oneach other can be studied from the Langevin equations derived from theinfluence functional, as it contains the backreaction of the field on thesystem self-consistently. We show the existence of general fluctuation-dissipation relations, and for trajectories without event horizons,correlation-propagation relations, which succinctly encapsulate these quantumstatistical phenomena. These findings serve to clarify some existing confusionsin the accelerated detector problem. The general methodology presented herecould also serve as a platform to explore the quantum statistical properties ofparticles and fields, with practical applications in atomic and optical physicsproblems.
Local Time and the Unification of Physics Part I. Local Time	2001	The notions of time in the theories of Newton and Einstein are reviewed sothat the difficulty which impedes the unification of quantum mechanics (QM) andgeneral relativity (GR) is clarified. It is seen that GR by itself contains anintrinsic difficulty relating to the definition of local clocks, as well asthat GR still requires a kind of absolute that can serve as an objectivereference standard. We present a new understanding of time, which gives aconsistent definition of a local time associated with each local system in aquantum mechanical way, so that it serves the requirements of both GR as wellas QM. As a consequence, QM and GR are reconciled while preserving the currentmathematical formulations of both theories.
Fabrication Process of Rounded Damped Detuned Structure	2000	Following the successful design and fabrication of Damped Detuned Structures(DDS), the JLC/NLC linear collider project advanced to Rounded Damped DetunedStructures (RDDS) with curved cross section of the cavity shape for increasedshunt impedance. Various advanced techniques for fabricating RDDS1 diskscomparing to those for DDS were established to satisfy the dimension accuracyof +-1 micron over the entire surface made by ultra-precision turning. Thesedisks were assembled with almost the same stacking and bonding jigs andprocesses as those of DDS3 assembly. In consequence, the assembly showed littledisk-to-disk misalignment within 1 micron before and after the process. Though,it had 200 micron smooth bowing, which was subsequently corrected as DDS3, andflares at both ends.
Meeting Tight Frequency Requirement of Rounded Damped Detuned Structure	2000	Following successful design and fabrication of damped detuned structures, theR&D for the accelerating structures of the NLC/JLC linear collider projectproceeded to studies of Rounded Damped Detuned Structure with curved crosssection of the cavity shape for increased shunt impedance. The importantfeatures of the structure are the accurately tuned accelerating mode frequencyand the distribution of the first dipole modes smooth and close to the designdistribution. These requirements were met based on the high-accuracy diamondturning with its capability to realize the periphery tolerance of two microns.The lowest dipole mode frequencies scattered by 0.6 MHz RMS. The error in theaccelerating mode frequency averaged over a structure was 0.1 MHz by applying afeed-forward method.
Four-dimensional pure compact U(1) gauge theory on a spherical lattice	1996	We investigate the confinement-Coulomb phase transition in thefour-dimensional (4D) pure compact U(1) gauge theory on spherical lattices. Theaction contains the Wilson coupling beta and the double charge coupling gamma.The lattice is obtained from the 4D surface of the 5D cubic lattice by itsradial projection onto a 4D sphere, and made homogeneous by means ofappropriate weight factors for individual plaquette contributions to theaction. On such lattices the two-state signal, impeding the studies of thistheory on toroidal lattices, is absent for gamma le 0. Furthermore, here aconsistent finite-size scaling behavior of several bulk observables is found,with the correlation length exponent nu in the range nu = 0.35 - 40. Theseobservables include Fisher zeros, specific-heat and cumulant extrema as well aspseudocritical values of beta at fixed gamma. The most reliable determinationof nu by means of the Fisher zeros gives nu = 0.365(8). The phase transition atgamma le 0 is thus very probably of 2nd order and belongs to the universalityclass of a non-Gaussian fixed point.
On the Realization of Assisted Inflation	1999	"We consider conditions necessary for a successful implementation of so-calledassisted inflation. We generalize the applicability of assisted inflationbeyond exponential potentials as originally proposed to include standardchaotic (\lambda \phi^4 or m^2 \phi^2) models as well. We also demonstrate thatin a purely 4-dimensional theory, unless the assisted sector is in factdecoupled, the additional fields of the assisted sector actually impedeinflation. As a specific example of an assisted sector, we consider a5-dimensional KK model for which the extra dimension may be somewhat or muchlarger than the inverse Planck scale. In this case, the assisted sector (comingfrom a KK compactification) eliminates the need for a fine-tuned quarticcoupling to drive chaotic inflation. This is a general result of models withone or more ""large"" extra dimensions."
Properties of the gluon recombination functions	2004	The gluon recombination functions in the twist-4 QCD evolution equations arestudied at the leading logarithmic approximation using both the covariant andnon-covariant methods. We justify that the infrared singularities in thetwist-4 coefficient functions impede us to simply separate the QCD evolutionkernels from the coefficient functions at the equivalent particleapproximation. In particulary, we point out that the gluon recombinationfunctions in the GLR-MQ evolution equation are unavailable. The methodsavoiding the IR divergences are discussed, which can be used in the derivationsof the evolution kernels and coefficient functions at the higher twist level.
Shape and soft functions of HQET and SCET in the 't Hooft Model	2006	The main application of Heavy Quark Effective Theory (HQET) and of SoftCollinear Effective Theory (SCET) is in establishing factorization theorems forexclusive and semi-inclusive decays of heavy mesons. However, the calculationof the soft factors from the HQET or SCET factorization relations is, as usual,impeded by the non-perturbative aspect of the strong interactions. In the hopeof gaining some insights into some of these quantities we compute them in the't Hooft model. We find that the B-meson shape function is exactly given by thesquare of the B-meson light-cone wave-function. The structure of the B-pistructure function is more complicated: it is given by the product ofwave-functions or by a resonant sum depending on the kinematics. The resultsimplifies dramatically in the chiral limit, where it can be compared withgeneral arguments based on Heavy Meson-Chiral Perturbation theory. No attemptis made to use these results for applications to phenomenology.
Superstrings, Gauge Fields and Black Holes	2000	There has been spectacular progress in the development of string andsuperstring theories since its inception thirty years ago. Development in thisarea has never been impeded by the lack of experimental confirmation. Indeed,numerous bold and imaginative strides have been taken and the sheer eleganceand logical consistency of the arguments have served as a primary motivationfor string theorists to push their formulations ahead. In fact the developmentin this area has been so rapid that new ideas quickly become obsolete. On theother hand, this rapid development has proved to be the greatest hindrance fornovices interested in this area. These notes serve as a gentle introduction tothis topic. In these elementary notes, we briefly review the RNS formulation ofsuperstring theory, GSO projection, $D$-branes, bosonic strings, dualities,dynamics of $D$-branes and the microscopic description of Bekenstein entropy ofa black hole.
Brane gas cosmology in M-theory: late time behavior	2002	We investigate the late-time behavior of a universe containing a supergravitygas and wrapped 2-branes in the context of M-theory compactified on T^10. Thesupergravity gas tends to drive uniform expansion, while the branes impede theexpansion of the directions about which they are wrapped. Assuming spatialhomogeneity, we study the dynamics both numerically and analytically. At latetimes the radii obey power laws which are determined by the brane wrappingnumbers, leading to interesting hierarchies of scale between the wrapped andunwrapped dimensions. The biggest hierarchy that could evolve from an initialthermal fluctuation produces three large unwrapped dimensions. We also studyconfigurations corresponding to string winding, in which the M2-branes are allwrapped around the (small) 11th dimension, and show that this recovers thescenario discussed by Brandenberger and Vafa.
Schwinger pair creation of Kaluza-Klein particles: Pair creation without  tunneling	2002	We study Schwinger pair creation of charged Kaluza-Klein particles from astatic KK electric field. We find that the gravitational backreaction of theelectric field on the geometry - which is incorporated via the electric KKMelvin solution - prevents the electrostatic potential from overcoming the restmass of the KK particles, thus impeding the tunneling mechanism which is oftenthought of as responsible for the pair creation. However, we find that paircreation still occurs with a finite rate formally similar to the classicSchwinger result, but via an apparently different mechanism, involving acombination of the Unruh effect and vacuum polarization due to the E-field.
On the Bessmertnyi Class of Homogeneous Positive Holomorphic Functions  of Several Variables	2003	The class of operator-valued functions which are homogeneous of degree one,holomorphic in the open right polyhalfplane, have positive semidefinite realparts there and take selfadjoint operator values at real points, and itssubclass consisting of functions representable in the form of Schur complementof a block of a linear pencil of operators with positive semidefinite operatorcoefficients, are investigated. The latter subclass is a generalization of theclass of characteristic matrix functions of passive 2n-poles considered asfunctions of impedances of its elements, which was introduced by M. F.Bessmertny\u\i. Several equivalent characterizations of the generalizedBessmertny\u{\i} class are given, and its intimate connection with theAgler--Schur class of holomorphic contractive operator-valued functions on theunit polydisk is established.
Dual Scattering Channel Schemes Extending the Johns Algorithm	2003	Dual scattering channel schemes extend the transmission line matrix numericalmethod (JOHNS' TLM algorithm) in two directions. For one point, transmissionline links are replaced by abstract scattering channels in terms of paireddistributions (characteristic impedances are thus neither needed, nor ingeneral defined, e.g.). In the second place, non-trivial cell interfacescattering is admitted during the connection cycle. Both extensions open a widefield of application beyond the range of classical time domain schemes, such asYEE's FDTD method and TLM. A DSC heat propagation [diffusion] scheme innon-orthogonal mesh, wherein heat sources are coupled to a lossy Maxwell field,illustrates the approach.
On realization of the Krein-Langer class Nk of matrix-valued functions  in Hilbert spaces with indefinite metric	2005	In this paper the realization problems for the Krein-Langer class $N_\kappa$of matrix-valued functions are being considered. We found the criterion when agiven matrix-valued function from the class $N_\kappa$ can be realized aslinear-fractional transformation of the transfer function of canonicalconservative system of the M. Livsic type (Brodskii-Livsic rigged operatorcolligation) with the main operator acting on a rigged Pontryagin space $\Pk$with indefinite metric. We specify three subclasses of the class $N_\kappa(R)$of all realizable matrix-valued functions that correspond to differentproperties of a realizing system, in particular, when the domains of the mainoperator of a system and its conjugate coincide, when the domain of thehermitian part of a main operator is dense in $\Pi\kappa$. Alternatively weshow that the class $N_\kappa(R)$ can be realized as transfer matrix-functionsof some canonical impedance systems with self-adjoint main operators in riggedspaces $\Pk$. The case of scalar functions of the class $N_\kappa(R)$ isconsidered in details and some examples are presented.
Solutions of mKdV in classes of functions unbounded at infinity	2006	"In 1974 P. Lax introduced an algebro-analytic mechanism similar to the LaxL-A pair. Using it we prove global existence and uniqueness for solutions ofthe initial value problem for mKdV in classes of smooth functions which can beunbounded at infinity, and may even include functions which tend to infinitywith respect to the space variable. Moreover, we establish the invariance ofthe spectrum and the unitary type of the Schr{\""o}dinger operator under the KdVflow and the invariance of the spectrum and the unitary type of the impedanceoperator under the mKdV flow for potentials in these classes."
On non-overdetermined inverse scattering at zero energy in three  dimensions	2006	"We develop the d-bar -approach to inverse scattering at zero energy indimensions d>=3 of [Beals, Coifman 1985], [Henkin, Novikov 1987] and [Novikov2002]. As a result we give, in particular, uniqueness theorem, precisereconstruction procedure, stability estimate and approximate reconstruction forthe problem of finding a sufficiently small potential v in the Schrodingerequation from a fixed non-overdetermined (""backscattering type"") restriction hon $\Gamma$ of the Faddeev generalized scattering amplitude h in the complexdomain at zero energy in dimension d=3. For sufficiently small potentials v weformulate also a characterization theorem for the aforementioned restriction hon $\Gamma$ and a new characterization theorem for the full Faddeev function hin the complex domain at zero energy in dimension d=3. We show that the resultsof the present work have direct applications to the electrical impedancetomography via a reduction given first in [Novikov, 1987, 1988]."
The inverse conductivity problem with an imperfectly known boundary in  three dimensions	2006	We consider the inverse conductivity problem in a strictly convex domainwhose boundary is not known. Usually the numerical reconstruction from themeasured current and voltage data is done assuming the domain has a known fixedgeometry. However, in practical applications the geometry of the domain isusually not known. This introduces an error, and effectively changes theproblem into an anisotropic one. The main result of this paper is a uniquenessresult characterizing the isotropic conductivities on convex domains in termsof measurements done on a different domain, which we call the model domain, upto an affine isometry. As data for the inverse problem, we assume theRobin-to-Neumann map and the contact impedance function on the boundary of themodel domain to be given.  Also, we present a minimization algorithm based on the use of Cotton--Yorktensor, that finds the pushforward of the isotropic conductivity to our modeldomain, and also finds the boundary of the original domain up to an affineisometry. This algorithm works also in dimensions higher than three, but thenthe Cotton--York tensor has to replaced with the Weyl--tensor.
Chaotic flow and efficient mixing in a micro-channel with a polymer  solution	2003	Microscopic flows are almost universally linear, laminar and stationarybecause Reynolds number, $Re$, is usually very small. That impedes mixing inmicro-fluidic devices, which sometimes limits their performance. Here we showthat truly chaotic flow can be generated in a smooth micro-channel of a uniformwidth at arbitrarily low $Re$, if a small amount of flexible polymers is addedto the working liquid. The chaotic flow regime is characterized by randomlyfluctuating three-dimensional velocity field and significant growth of the flowresistance. Although the size of the polymer molecules extended in the flow maybecome comparable with the micro-channel width, the flow behavior is fullycompatible with that in a table-top channel in the regime of elasticturbulence. The chaotic flow leads to quite efficient mixing, which is almostdiffusion independent. For macromolecules, mixing time in this microscopic flowcan be three to four orders of magnitude shorter than due to moleculardiffusion.
Synchronization of networks with prescribed degree distributions	2004	We show that the degree distributions of graphs do not suffice tocharacterize the synchronization of systems evolving on them. We prove that,for any given degree sequence satisfying certain conditions, there exists aconnected graph having that degree sequence for which the first nontrivialeigenvalue of the graph Laplacian is arbitrarily close to zero. Consequently,complex dynamical systems defined on such graphs have poor synchronizationproperties. The result holds under quite mild assumptions, and shows that thereexists classes of random, scale-free, regular, small-world, and other commonnetwork architectures which impede synchronization. The proof is based on aconstruction that also serves as an algorithm for building non-synchronizingnetworks having a prescribed degree distribution.
Universal Statistics of the Scattering Coefficient of Chaotic Microwave  Cavities	2005	We consider the statistics of the scattering coefficient S of a chaoticmicrowave cavity coupled to a single port. We remove the non-universal effectsof the coupling from the experimental S data using the radiation impedanceobtained directly from the experiments. We thus obtain the normalized, complexscattering coefficient whose Probability Density Function (PDF) is predicted tobe universal in that it depends only on the loss (quality factor) of thecavity. We compare experimental PDFs of the normalized scattering coefficientswith those obtained from Random Matrix Theory (RMT), and find excellentagreement. The results apply to scattering measurements on any wave chaoticsystem.
Delayed Feedback and Chaos on the Driven Diode-Terminated Transmission  Line	2006	A simple model of a distributed, non-linear circuit that produces chaos atGHz frequencies is introduced and tested experimentally. The model circuit is adriven diode-terminated transmission line with the transmission line impedancemismatched to that of the source. Experiments were performed with sinusoidaldriving frequencies of 10 MHz to 1.2 GHz, driving powers of -30 to +50 dBm andtransmission line delay times from 3 to 20 ns. Diode reverse recovery timesranged from 4 to 100 ns. As a result of many experiments, it was found thatchaotic behavior was strongly dependent on the unbiased, small-signal reactanceof the system as seen by the driving source, and influenced by an applied DCvoltage-bias across the diode. In the experiments that showed period-doublingand / or chaos, the reverse recovery times of the diodes were on the order ofboth the driving period and the delay time of the circuits. Comparisons betweentheory and experiment are in general agreement. Chaos produced with a drivingfrequency of 1.105 GHz has been observed experimentally.
Expanding Quark-Gluon Plasmas: Transverse Flow, Chemical Equilibration  and Electromagnetic Radiation	1996	We investigate the chemical equilibration of the parton distributions incollisions of two heavy nuclei. We use initial conditions obtained from aself-screened parton cascade calculation and, for comparison, from the HIJINGmodel. We consider a one-dimensional, as well as a three-dimensional expansionof the parton plasma and find that the onset of the transverse expansionimpedes the chemical equilibration. At energies of 100 GeV/nucleon, the resultsfor one-dimensional and three-dimensional expansion are quite similar except atlarge values of the transverse radius. At energies of several TeV/nucleon, theplasma initially approaches chemical equilibrium, but then is driven away fromit, when the transverse velocity gradients develop. We find that the totalparton multiplicity density remains essentially unaffected by the flow, but theindividual concentrations of quarks, antiquarks, and gluons are sensitive tothe transverse flow. The consequences of the flow are also discernible in thetransverse momenta of the partons and in the lepton pair spectra, where theflow causes a violation of the so-called $M_T$ scaling.
Statistics of electromagnetic transitions as a signature of chaos in  many-electron atoms	1998	Using a configuration interaction approach we study statistics of the dipolematrix elements (E1 amplitudes) between the 14 lower odd states with J=4 and21st to 100th even states with J=4 in the Ce atom (1120 lines). We show thatthe distribution of the matrix elements is close to Gaussian, although thewidth of the Gaussian distribution, i.e. the root-mean-square matrix element,changes with the excitation energy. The corresponding line strengths aredistributed according to the Porter-Thomas law which describes statistics oftransition strengths between chaotic states in compound nuclei. We also showhow to use a statistical theory to calculate mean squared values of the matrixelements or transition amplitudes between chaotic many-body states. We drawsome support for our conclusions from the analysis of the 228 experimental linestrengths in Ce [J. Opt. Soc. Am. v. 8, p. 1545 (1991)], although directcomparison with the calculations is impeded by incompleteness of theexperimental data. Nevertheless, the statistics observed evidence that highlyexcited many-electron states in atoms are indeed chaotic.
Coherent Nonlinear Phenomena in High Energy Synchrotrons: Observations  and Theoretical Models	1998	Nonlinear waves have been observed in synchrotrons for years but havereceived little attention in the literature. While pathological, thesephenomena are worth studying on at least two accounts. First, the formation ofsolitary waves may lead to droplet formation that causes significant beam haloto develop. Secondly, a variety of nonlinear processes are likely involved inthe normal saturation of unstable oscillations, leading to the possibility thatlow-level, but potentially broadband fluctuation spectra may develop. Bothfeatures carry indirectly the signature of the machine impedance. In this workwe review a number of observations of nonlinear longitudinal waves made inFermilab accelerators, and make a first attempt to develop appropriatetheoretical models to explain these observations.
Generalized Optimal Current Patterns and Electrical Safety in EIT	2000	There are a number of constraints which limit the current and voltages whichcan be applied on a multiple drive electrical imaging system. One obviousconstraint is to limit the maximum Ohmic power dissipated in the body. Currentpatterns optimising distinguishability with respect to this constraint aresingular functions of the difference of transconductance matrices with respectto the power norm. (the optimal currents of Isaacson). If one constrains thetotal current ($L^1$ norm) the optimal patterns are pair drives. On the otherhand if one constrains the maximum current on each drive electrode (an$L^\infty$ norm), the optimal patterns have each drive channel set to themaximum source or sink current value. In this paper we consider appropriatesafety constraints and discuss how to find the optimal current patterns withthose constraints.
Superconducting H-mode Structures for Medium Energy Beams	2000	Room temperature IH-type drift tube structures are used at different placesnow for the acceleration of ions with mass over charge ratios up to 65 andvelocities between 0.016 c and 0.1 c. These structures have a high shuntimpedance and allow the acceleration of very intense beams at high acceleratinggradients. The overall power consumption of room temperature IH-mode structuresis comparable with superconducting (sc) structures up to 2 MeV/u. With theKONUS [1] beam dynamics, the required transversal focusing elements, e.g.quadrupole triplets can be placed outside of multicell cavities, which isfavourable for building sc H-mode cavities. The design principles andconsequences to the geometry compared to room temperature (rt) cavities will bedescribed. The results gained from numerical simulations show that a scmulti-gap H21(0)-mode cavity (CH-type) can be an alternative to the scspoke-type or reentrant cavity structures up to beam energies around 150 MeV/u.The main cavity parameters and possible fabrication options will be discussed.  [1] U. Ratzinger, Nucl. Intr. Meth., A 415 (1998) 229.
Efficient Design Scheme of Superconducting Cavity	2000	For many next-generation high intensity proton accelerator applicationsincluding the Spallation Neutron Source (SNS), superconducting (SC) RF providesthe technology of choice for the linac. In designing the superconductingcavity, several features, such as peak fields, inter-cell coupling, mechanicalstiffness, field flatness, external Q, manufacturability, shunt impedance,higher order mode (HOM), etc., should be considered together. A systematicapproach to determine the optimum cavity shape by exploring the entiregeometric space of the cavity has been found. The most efficient use of RFenergy can be accomplished by adjusting the cell shape. A small region inparameter space satisfying all reasonable design criteria has been found. Withthis design procedure, choosing the optimum shape is simplified. In this paper,the whole design procedure of this optimisation scheme is explained and appliedto the SNS cavity design.
Online Model Server for the Jefferson Lab accelerator	2001	A beam physics model server (Art++) has been developed for the Jefferson Labaccelerator. This online model server is a redesign of the ARTEMIS modelserver. The need arose from an impedance mismatch between the currentrequirements and ARTEMIS capabilities. The purpose of the model server is togrant access to both static (machine lattice parameters) and dynamic (actualmachine settings) data using a single programming interface. A set of usefuloptics calculations (R-matrix, orbit fit, etc.) has also been implemented andcan be invoked by clients via the model interface. Clients may also registertheir own dynamic models in the server. The server interacts with clients usingthe CDEV protocol and data integrity is guaranteed by a relational database(Oracle8i) accessed through a persistence layer. By providing a centralizedrepository for both data and optics calculations, the following benefits wereachieved: optimal use of network consumption, software reuse, and ease ofmaintenance.
Strong RF Focusing for Luminosity Increase	2003	A luminosity of a circular collider can be increased by squeezing the bunchlength at the interaction point (IP). A natural way to decrease the bunchlength is to decrease the momentum compaction factor and/or to increase the RFvoltage. However, in such a way we cannot obtain short bunches with highcurrents since wakefields prevent this due to the potential well distortion andthe microwave instability. In present paper we propose to use a strong RFfocusing (with high RF voltage and high momentum compaction factor) to obtainvery short bunches at the IP with progressive bunch elongation towards the RFcavity. This allows placing the most important impedance generating elementsnear the RF cavity where the bunch is longest thus minimizing the effect of thewakefields.
Problems When Studying Holography (Probleme beim Erlernen der  Holographie)	2003	Holography as a subject is neglected largely in current physics lessons andin school books. Even though this topic might be complex, it is applicable andviable in the world that we live in. Holography lends itself to further developknowledge with regard to inference optics. However, misconceptions of studentsimpede the learning process. Research conducted by our research group showsthat problematic perceptions regarding interference optics still exist withphysics students at the intermediate level and on occasion are even sustainedby illustrations in school books. Based on this analysis, a concept for aseries of lessons is introduced. This series can be taught in physics lessonsat the secondary school level II and in basic courses. Initial results fromdealing with the subject of holography in an advanced training course will bepresented.
Strong RF focusing for luminosity increase: short bunches at the IP	2004	One of the key-issues to increase the luminosity in the next generationparticle factories is to reduce the bunch length at the interaction point (IP)as much as possible. This will allow reducing proportionally the transversebeta functions at the IP and increasing the luminosity by the same factor. Thestrong RF focusing consists in obtaining short bunches by substantiallyincreasing the lattice momentum compaction and the RF gradient. In this regimethe bunch length is modulated along the ring and could be minimized at the IP.If the principal impedance generating elements of the ring are located wherethe bunch is long (in the RF cavities region) it is possible to avoid microwaveinstability and excessive bunch lengthening due to the potential welldistortion.
Physical Properties of Sulfur Near the Polymerization Transition	2004	Acoustical measurements, electron spin resonance, and Raman spectroscopy havebeen employed to probe sulfur over the temperature range 80 to 180 C, whichincludes the polymerization transition and the supercooled liquid state.Acoustical properties (sound velocity, absorption and impedance) have beenstudied with both longitudinal and transverse waves at frequencies between 500kHz and 22 MHz. The results confirm that polymeric sulfur is a solution of longchain molecules in monomeric solvent, and that the polymerization transition isnot a second order phase transition, as was proposed theoretically. Sulfur is aviscous liquid, but not viscoelastic, both below and above the polymerizationtransition temperature. It is shown that the classical Navier-Stokes theory isnot applicable to the sound absorption in liquid sulfur in the highly viscousstate.
Optical extinction due to intrinsic structural variations of photonic  crystals	2004	Unavoidable variations in size and position of the building blocks ofphotonic crystals cause light scattering and extinction of coherent beams. Wepresent a new model for both 2 and 3-dimensional photonic crystals that relatesthe extinction length to the magnitude of the variations. The predicted lengthsagree well with our new experiments on high-quality opals and inverse opals,and with literature data analyzed by us. As a result, control over photons islimited to distances up to 50 lattice parameters ($\sim 15 \mu$m) instate-of-the-art structures, thereby impeding large-scale applications such asintegrated circuits. Conversely, scattering in photonic crystals may lead tonovel physics such as Anderson localization and non-classical diffusion.
3D Reconstruction Using Optical Images	2004	Various imaging methods for small animals are rapidly gaining acceptance inbiology and medical research. Optical imaging is a very fast and convenientmethod of biological interrogation, but suffers from significant disadvantages,such as the absence of 3D image reconstruction algorithms. This have up untilnow impeded progress to a quantitative stage. Here we propose a 3Dreconstruction algorithm for imaging light emitted at depths in small livinganimals. We believe the methods discussed here are novel and lead to a novelimaging paradigm, which we call Light Emission Tomography.
Light-Weight Base Station Antenna with Artificial Wire Medium Lens	2005	In this paper we study the possibility of utilizing a loaded wire medium asan artificial material for beam shaping element in base station antennaapplications. The wires in the lattice are loaded with a proper capacitiveimpedance to come up with a structure effectively operating as a dielectriclens at the UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) frequency range.It is proven with full-wave simulations that the interpretation of a finitesize wire lattice as a dielectric lens is physically sound even with a moderatenumber of lattice periods. A prototype having a mechanically reconfigurablebeam width is constructed and measured. It is shown that very promisingperformance can be achieved with a rather simple structure and a cheapmanufacturing process.
Patch antennas with new artificial magnetic layers	2005	A new type of high-impedance surfaces (HIS) has been introduced by C.R.Simovski et al. recently. In this paper, we propose to use such layers asartificial magnetic materials in the design of patch antennas. The new HIS issimulated and patch antennas partially filled by these composite layers aremeasured in order to test how much the antenna dimensions can be reduced. Inorder to experimentally investigate the frequency behavior of the material,different sizes of the patches are designed and tested with the same materiallayer. Also the height of the patch is changed in order to find the bestpossible position for minimizing the antenna size. This composite layer of anartificial magnetic material has made the antenna smaller while keeping thebandwidth characteristics of the antenna about the same. About 40% of sizereduction has been achieved.
Three-dimensional isotropic perfect lens based on LC-loaded transmission  lines	2005	An isotropic three-dimentional perfect lens based on cubic meshes ofinterconnected transmission lines and bulk loads is proposed. The lens isformed by a slab of a loaded mesh placed in between two similar unloadedmeshes. The dispersion equations and the characteristic impedances of theeigenwaves in the meshes are derived analytically, with an emphasis ongenerality. This allows designing of transmission-line meshes with desireddispersion properties. The required backward-wave mode of operation in the lensis realized with simple inductive and capacitive loads. An analyticalexpression for the transmission through the lens is derived and theamplification of evanescent waves is demonstrated. Factors that influenceenhancement of evanescent waves in the lens are studied and the correspondingdesign criteria are established. A possible realization of the structure isoutlined.
"Coherent instabilities of intense high-energy ""white"" charged-particle  beams in the presence of nonlocal effects within the context of the Madelung  fluid description"	2005	"A hydrodynamical description of coherent instabilities that take place in thelongitudinal dynamics of a charged-particle coasting beam in a high-energyaccelerating machine is presented. This is done in the framework of theMadelung fluid picture provided by the Thermal Wave Model. The well knowncoherent instability charts in the complex plane of the longitudinal couplingimpedance for monochromatic beams are recovered. The results are alsointerpreted in terms of the deterministic approach to modulational instabilityanalysis usually given for monochromatic large amplitude wave train propagationgoverned by the nonlinear Schr\""odinger equation. The instability analysis isthen extended to a non-monochromatic coasting beam with a given thermalequilibrium distribution, thought as a statistical ensemble of monochromaticincoherent coasting beams (""white"" beam). In this hydrodynamical framework, thephenomenon of Landau damping is predicted without using any kinetic equationgoverning the phase space evolution of the system."
A dry electrophysiology electrode using CNT arrays	2005	We describe the concept of a dry electrode sensor for biopotentialmeasurement applications (ENOBIO) designed to eliminate the noise andinconvenience associated to the use of electrolytic gel. ENOBIO usesnanotechnology to remove gel-related noise, as well as maintaining a goodcontact impedance to minimise interference noise. The contact surface of theelectrode will be covered with an array/forest of carbon nanotubes and willalso be tested with an Ag/AgCl coating to provide ionic-electronictransduction. The nanotubes are to penetrate the outer layers of the skin, theStratum Corneum, improving electrical contact. We discuss requirements, skinproperties, nanotube penetration and transduction, noise sources, prototypedesign logic and biocompatibility. A future paper will report test results.
Seismic Interevent Time: A Spatial Scaling and Multifractality	2005	The optimal scaling problem for the time t(LxL) between two successive eventsin a seismogenic cell of size L is considered. The quantity t(LxL) is definedfor a random cell of a grid covering a seismic region G. We solve that problemin terms of a multifractal characteristic of epicenters in G known as thetau-function or generalized fractal dimensions; the solution depends on thetype of cell randomization. Our theoretical deductions are corroborated byCalifornia seismicity with magnitude M>2. In other words, the population ofwaiting time distributions for L = 10-100 km provides positive information onthe multifractal nature of seismicity, which impedes the population to beconverted into a unified law by scaling. This study is a follow-up of ouranalysis of power/unified laws for seismicity (see PAGEOPH 162 (2005), 1135 andGJI 162 (2005), 899).
Vector circuit theory for spatially dispersive uniaxial  magneto-dielectric slabs	2006	We present a general dyadic vector circuit formalism, applicable for uniaxialmagneto-dielectric slabs, with strong spatial dispersion explicitly taken intoaccount. This formalism extends the vector circuit theory, previouslyintroduced only for isotropic and chiral slabs. Here we assume that the problemgeometry imposes strong spatial dispersion only in the plane, parallel to theslab interfaces. The difference arising from taking into account spatialdispersion along the normal to the interface is briefly discussed. We derivegeneral dyadic impedance and admittance matrices, and calculate correspondingtransmission and reflection coefficients for arbitrary plane wave incidence. Asa practical example, we consider a metamaterial slab built of conducting wiresand split-ring resonators, and show that neglecting spatial dispersion anduniaxial nature in this structure leads to dramatic errors in calculation oftransmission characteristics.
Measurement of mutual inductance from frequency dependence of impedance  of AC coupled circuit using digital dual-phase lock-in amplifier	2006	We present a simple method to determine the mutual inductance $M$ between twocoils in a coupled AC circuit by using a digital dual-phase lock-in amplifier.The frequency dependence of the real and imaginary parts is measured as thecoupling constant is changed. The mutual inductance $M$ decreases as thedistance $d$ between the centers of coils is increased. We show that thecoupling constant is proportional to $d^{-n}$ with an exponent $n$ ($\approx$3). This coupling is similar to that of two magnetic moments coupled through adipole-dipole interaction.
Focusing inversion techniques applied to electrical resistance  tomography in an experimental tank	2006	We present an algorithm for focusing inversion of electrical resistivitytomography (ERT) data. ERT is a typical example of ill-posed problem.Regularization is the most common way to face this kind of problems; itbasically consists in using a priori information about targets to reduce theambiguity and the instability of the solution. By using the minimum gradientsupport (MGS) stabilizing functional, we introduce the following geometricalprior information in the reconstruction process: anomalies have sharpboundaries. The presented work is embedded in a project (L.A.R.A.) which aimsat the estimation of hydrogeological properties from geophysicalinvestigations. L.A.R.A. facilities include a simulation tank (4 m x 8 m x 1.35m); 160 electrodes are located all around the tank and used for 3-D ERT.Because of the large number of electrodes and their dimensions, it is importantto model their effect in order to correctly evaluate the electrical systemresponse. The forward modelling in the presented algorithm is based on theso-called complete electrode model that takes into account the presence of theelectrodes and their contact impedances. In this paper, we compare the resultsobtained with different regularizing functionals applied on a synthetic model.
Springtide-induced magnification of Earth mantle resonance causes  tectonics and conceals universality of physics at all scales	2006	I demonstrate two fundamental contributions. First, the Earth tectonics isgenerally a consequence of the springtide-induced magnification of mechanicalresonance in the Earth mantle. The same mechanism that causes bridges tocollapse under the soldiers step-marching makes also the Earth lithosphere failunder the springtide-induced magnification of the mantle resonance resulting instrong earthquakes. Secondly, by generalizing the above finding onto any bodyanywhere in all the Universes and at all times, I find that there is nodistinction between physics at intergalactic, Newtonian, quantum, and smallerscales. Thus, the so-called constant of proportionality of physics, G, is not aconstant but a parameter of a most general form: G = s e^2, nonlinearly varyingamongst different scales s. Any scale-related variations of physics,erroneously recognized as such by Einstein and Planck, are only apparent andarise as a consequence of the Earth mantle springtide-induced extremeresonance, which is also critically impeding any terrestrial experiments aimedat estimating the final proportionality G. Gravitation is explained if simplyregarded mechanical and repulsive.
Spatial Correlation Functions of Random Electromagnetic Fields in the  Presence of a Semi-Infinite Isotropic Medium	2006	We extend a previous analysis of spatial correlation functions for classicalelectromagnetic vector fields near a perfectly conducting boundary [PRE, vol.73, 036604 (2006)] to the case of an isotropic semi-infinite medium with planarinterface and characterized by a first-order impedance boundary condition. Theanalytical results are illustrated with calculations for the case of pointseparations in the direction perpendicular to the interface. For the incidentplus reflected field, the dependence of the complex-valued and inhomogeneousspatial correlation function on the permittivity, permeability and conductivityof the medium is determined. For the refracted field, the spatial correlationis again complex-valued but homogeneous and highly sensitive to the value ofthe refractive index. Based on the derived dependencies, novel nonlocalmeasurement methods for precision characterization of electromagnetic materialproperties are suggested. The influence of the directionality of incidence forelectromagnetic beams is investigated. Narrowing the beam width results in aslower decrease of the amplitude of the correlation function as a function ofpoint separation. Previously obtained asymptotic results for statisticallyhomogeneous random free fields are retrieved as special cases.
Comparison of two models of a Double Inlet Miniature Pulse Tube  Refrigerator - Part B : Electrical Analogy	2007	The design of a Double Inlet Pulse Tube Refrigerator is investigated by meansof an analogy with an electric circuit. The results obtained with the electricscheme are compared with both those of the thermodynamic model (Part A) andexperiments. The basic formulation of equivalent electronic components isdiscussed and a few improvements are proposed to adjust the theoreticalexpressions of the electrical impedances of capillaries and regenerator inorder to consider additional effects such pressure drops due to geometricalsingularities at different internal flow regimes. A simplified formulation forthe regenerator inefficiency is deduced from considerations on its harmonicfunctioning. The main purpose of this analysis considers especially the designof miniature cryocoolers dedicated to electronic applications. These models areapplied to a commercial miniature refrigerator. A discussion of their relevanceis achieved and a few suggestions on the refrigerator design are proposed toimprove the cooling production.
"Comment on: ``Solving the riddle of the bright mismatches: Labeling and  effective binding in oligonucleotide arrays"""	2006	"In a recent paper [Phys. Rev. E 68, 011906 (2003)], Naef and Magnascosuggested that the ""bright"" mismatches observed in Affymetrix microarrayexperiments are caused by the fluorescent molecules used to label RNA targetsequences, which would impede target-probe hybridization. Their conclusion isbased on the observation of ""unexpected"" asymmetries in the affinities obtainedby fitting microarray data from publicly available experiments. We point outhere that the observed asymmetry is due to the inequivalence of RNA and DNA,and that the reported affinities are consistent with stacking free energiesobtained from melting experiments of unlabeled nucleic acids in solution. Theconclusion of Naef and Magnasco is therefore based on an unjustifiedassumption."
What does an observed quantum system reveal to its observer ?	2000	The evolution of a quantum system under observation becomes retarded or evenimpeded. We review this ``quantum Zeno effect'' in the light of the criticismthat has been raised upon a previous attempt to demonstrate it, of laterreexaminations of both the projection postulate and the significance of theobservations, and of the results of a recent experiment on an individual coldatom. Here, the micro-state of the quantum system gets unveiled with theobservation, and the effect of measurement is no longer mixed up with dephasingthe object's wave function by the reactive effect of the detection. A procedureis outlined that promises to provide, by observation, an upper limit for thedelay of even an exponential decay.
Causality, stability and passivity for a mirror in vacuum	2001	The mean force exerted upon a perfect mirror moving in vacuum in a twodimensional spacetime has the same expression as the radiation reaction forcecomputed in classical electron theory. It follows that unacceptable runawaysolutions are predicted. We show that this instability problem does not appearwhen partially transmitting mirrors are studied. The mechanical impedancedescribing the mirror coupled to vacuum radiation pressure is computedexplicitly; recoil is neglected. It is found to be a passive function, so thatstability is ensured. This is connected to the fact that no energy can beextracted from the vacuum state.
Monte Carlo Simulation of Laser Diodes Sub-Poissonian Light Generation	2001	When laser diodes are driven by high-impedance electrical sources thevariance of the number of photo-detection events counted over large timedurations is less than the average number of events (sub-Poissonian light). Thepaper presents a Monte Carlo simulation that keeps track of each leveloccupancy (0 or 1) in the conduction and valence bands, and of the number oflight quanta in the optical cavity. When there is good electron-lattice thermalcontact the electron and hole temperatures remain equal to that of the lattice.In that case, elementary laser-diode noise theory results are accuratelyreproduced by the simulation. But when the thermal contact is poor (or, almostequivalently, at high power levels) new effects occur (spectral-hole burning,temperature fluctuations, statistical fluctuations of the optical gain) thatare difficult to handle theoretically. Our numerical simulation shows that thefrequency domain over which the photo-current spectral density is below theshot-noise level becomes narrower as the optical power increases.
Quantum Fluctuations in Josephson Junction Comparators	2002	We have developed a method for calculation of quantum fluctuation effects, inparticular of the uncertainty zone developing at the potential curvature signinversion, for a damped harmonic oscillator with arbitrary time dependence offrequency and for arbitrary temperature, within the Caldeira-Leggett model. Themethod has been applied to the calculation of the gray zone width Delta Ix ofJosephson-junction balanced comparators driven by a specially designedlow-impedance RSFQ circuit. The calculated temperature dependence of Delta Ixin the range 1.5 to 4.2K is in a virtually perfect agreement with experimentaldata for Nb-trilayer comparators with critical current densities of 1.0 and 5.5kA/cm^2, without any fitting parameters.
Temperature correction to the Casimir force in cryogenic range and  anomalous skin effect	2003	Temperature correction to the Casimir force is considered for real metals atlow temperatures. With the temperature decrease the mean free path forelectrons becomes larger than the field penetration depth. In this conditiondescription of metals with the impedance of anomalous skin effect is shown tobe more appropriate than with the permittivity. The effect is crucial for thetemperature correction. It is demonstrated that in the zero frequency limit thereflection coefficients should coincide with those of ideal metal if we demandthe entropy to be zero at T=0. All the other prescriptions discussed in theliterature for the $n=0$ term in the Lifshitz formula give negative entropy. Itis shown that the temperature correction in the region of anomalous skin effectis not suppressed as it happens in the plasma model. This correction will beimportant in the future cryogenic measurements of the Casimir force.
Temperature Dependence of the Casimir Force for Metals	2003	Starting from the Lifshitz formula for the Casimir force between parallelplates we calculate the difference between the forces at two differentsettings, one in which the temperature is $T_1=350$ K, the other when $T_2=300$K. As material we choose gold, and make use of the Drude dispersion relation.Our results, which are shown graphically, should be directly comparable toexperiment. As an analogous calculation based upon the plasma dispersionrelation leads to a different theoretical force difference, an experiment ofthis kind would be a decisive test. We also present an analogous calculationfor the case when the two plates are replaced with a sphere-plate system, stillwith gold as material in both bodies. The sphere is assumed so large that theproximity theorem holds. Discussion of the consistency with the third law ofthermodynamics and the validity of the surface impedance approach is provided.
A relaxationless demonstration of the Quantum Zeno Paradox on an  individual atom	2004	The driven evolution of the spin of an individual atomic ion on theground-state hyperfine resonance is impeded by the observation of the ion inone of the pertaining eigenstates. Detection of resonantly scattered lightidentifies the ion in its upper ``bright'' state. The lower ``dark'' ion stateis free of relaxation and correlated with the detector by a null signal. Nullevents represent the straightforward demonstration of the quantum Zeno paradox.Also, high probability of survival was demonstrated when the ion, driven by afractionated $\pi $ pulse, was probed {\em and monitored} during theintermissions of the drive, such that the ion's evolution is completelydocumented.
On the Temperature Dependence of the Casimir Effect	2004	The temperature dependence of the Casimir force between a real metallic plateand a metallic sphere is analyzed on the basis of optical data concerning thedispersion relation of metals such as gold and copper. Realistic permittivitiesimply, together with basic thermodynamic considerations, that the transverseelectric zero mode does not contribute. This results in observable differenceswith the conventional prediction, which does not take this physical requirementinto account. The results are shown to be consistent with the third law ofthermodynamics, as well as being consistent with current experiments. However,the predicted temperature dependence should be detectable in futureexperiments. The inadequacies of approaches based on {\it ad hoc} assumptions,such as the plasma dispersion relation and the use of surface impedance withouttransverse momentum dependence, are discussed.
Atomic spin decoherence near conducting and superconducting films	2005	We derive scaling laws for the spin decoherence of neutral atoms trapped nearconducting and superconducting plane surfaces. A new result for thin filmssheds light on the measurement of Y.J. Lin, I. Teper, C. Chin, and V.Vuleti\'{c} [Phys. Rev. Lett. \textbf{92}, 050404 (2004)]. Our calculation isbased on a quantum-theoretical treatment of electromagnetic radiation nearmetallic bodies [P.K. Rekdal, S. Scheel, P.L. Knight, and E.A. Hinds, Phys.Rev. A \textbf{70}, 013811 (2004)]. We show that there is a criticalatom-surface distance that maximizes the spin relaxation rate and we show howthis depends on the skin depth and thickness of the metal surface. In the lightof this impedance-matching effect we discuss the spin relaxation to be expectedabove a thin superconducting niobium layer.
Some Mathematical Aspects of the Lifshitz Formula for the Thermal  Casimir Force	2005	The applicability of the Lifshitz formula is discussed to the case of twothick parallel plates made of real metal. The usual description of thezero-point vacuum oscillations on the background of the frequency-dependentdielectric permittivity is shown to be in contradiction with thermodynamics.Instead, the Lifshitz formula for the Casimir free energy should bereformulated in terms of the reflection coefficients containing the surfaceimpedance instead of the dielectric permittivity. This approach is presentlyconfirmed experimentally by precision measurements of the van der Waals andCasimir forces in micromechanical systems and it is in agreement withthermodynamics.
A theory of electromagnetic fluctuations for metallic surfaces and van  der Waals interactions between metallic bodies	2005	A new general expression is derived for the fluctuating electromagnetic fieldoutside a metal surface, in terms of its surface impedance. It provides ageneralization to real metals of Lifshitz theory of molecular interactionsbetween dielectric solids. The theory is used to compute the radiative heattransfer between two parallel metal surfaces at different temperatures. It isshown that a measurement of this quantity may provide an experimentalresolution of a long-standing controversy about the effect of thermalcorrections on the Casimir force between real metal plates.
Multiple Reflections and Diffuse Scattering in Bragg Scattering at  Optical Lattices	2005	We study Bragg scattering at 1D atomic lattices. Cold atoms are confined byoptical dipole forces at the antinodes of a standing wave generated inside alaser-driven cavity. The atoms arrange themselves into an array of lens-shapedlayers located at the antinodes of the standing wave. Light incident on thisarray at a well-defined angle is partially Bragg-reflected. We measurereflectivities as high as 30%. In contrast to a previous experiment devoted tothe thin grating limit [S. Slama, et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 94, 193901 (2005)]we now investigate the thick grating limit characterized by multiplereflections of the light beam between the atomic layers. In principle multiplereflections give rise to a photonic stop band, which manifests itself in theBragg diffraction spectra as asymmetries and minima due to destructiveinterference between different reflection paths. We show that close toresonance however disorder favors diffuse scattering, hinders coherent multiplescattering and impedes the characteristic suppression of spontaneous emissioninside a photonic band gap.
Electrical detection of 31P spin quantum states	2006	In recent years, a variety of solid-state qubits has been realized, includingquantum dots, superconducting tunnel junctions and point defects. Due to itspotential compatibility with existing microelectronics, the proposal by Kanebased on phosphorus donors in Si has also been pursued intensively. A key issueof this concept is the readout of the P quantum state. While electricalmeasurements of magnetic resonance have been performed on single spins, thestatistical nature of these experiments based on random telegraph noisemeasurements has impeded the readout of single spin states. In this letter, wedemonstrate the measurement of the spin state of P donor electrons in siliconand the observation of Rabi flops by purely electric means, accomplished bycoherent manipulation of spin-dependent charge carrier recombination betweenthe P donor and paramagnetic localized states at the Si/SiO2 interface viapulsed electrically detected magnetic resonance. The electron spin informationis shown to be coupled through the hyperfine interaction with the P nucleus,which demonstrates the feasibility of a recombination-based readout of nuclearspins.
Strong electromagnetically induced transparency in atomic media with  large residual Doppler broadening	2006	Electromagnetically induced transparency and coherent population trappingwere observed in a hot (1000 K) calcium vapor embedded into an electrical gasdischarge. Unexpectedly large transparencies (of up to 70%) were observed undervery unfavorable conditions: probe wavelength shorter than the couplingwavelength, and coupling Rabi frequency significantly smaller than the residualDoppler linewidth of the two photon transition. We developed a theoreticalmodel that shows that the observed results are due to the combined effects of astrong probe beam and a small open character of the atomic system. Coherentpopulation trapping also manifests itself as a change in the impedance of thegas discharge, and the phenomenon can be probed with high sensitivity via theoptogalvanic effect.
Unified approach to QED in arbitrary linear media	2006	We give a unified approach to macroscopic QED in arbitrary linearlyresponding media, based on the quite general, nonlocal form of the conductivitytensor as it can be introduced within the framework of linear response theory,and appropriately chosen sets of bosonic variables. The formalism generalizesthe quantization schemes that have been developed previously for diverseclasses of linear media. In particular, it turns out that the scheme developedfor locally responding linear magnetodielectric media can be recovered from thegeneral scheme as a limiting case for weakly spatially dispersive media. Withregard to practical applications, we furthermore address the dielectricapproximation for the conductivity tensor and the surface impedance method forthe calculation of the Green tensor of the macroscopic Maxwell equations, thetwo central quantities of the theory.
Classical statistical distributions can violate Bell-type inequalities	2007	We investigate two-particle phase-space distributions in classical mechanicscharacterized by a well-defined value of the total angular momentum. Weconstruct phase-space averages of observables related to the projection of theparticles' angular momenta along axes with different orientations. It is shownthat for certain observables, the correlation function violates Bell'sinequality. The key to the violation resides in choosing observables impedingthe realization of the counterfactual event that plays a prominent role in thederivation of the inequalities. This situation can have statistical (detectionrelated) or dynamical (interaction related) underpinnings, but non-localitydoes not play any role.
Microwave Surface Impedance of YBCO:123 crystals: Experiment and  comparison to a d-wave model	1995	We present measurements of the microwave surface resistance Rs and thepenetration depth lambda of YBCO:123 crystals. At low T obeys lambda(T) apolynomial behavior, while Rs displays a characteristic non-monotonicT-dependence.  A detailed comparison of the experimental data is made to a model of d-wavesuperconductivity which includes both elastic and inelastic scattering. Whilethe model reproduces the general features of the experimental data, threeaspects of the parameters needed are worth noting. The elastic scattering raterequired to fit the data is much smaller than measured from the normal state,the scattering phase shifts have to be close to pi/2 and a strong couplingvalue of the gap parameter 2\Delta(0)/kTc = 6 is needed. On the experimentalside the uncertainties regarding the material parameters lambda(0) andRs,res(0) further complicate a quantitative comparison.  For one sample does Rs,res(0) agree with the intrinsic value which resultsfrom the d-wave model.
Nonlinear Response of HTSC Thin Film Microwave Resonators in an Applied  DC Magnetic Field	1996	The non-linear microwave surface impedance of patterned YBCO thin films, wasmeasured using a suspended line resonator in the presence of a perpendicular DCmagnetic field of magnitude comparable to that of the microwave field.Signature of the virgin state was found to be absent even for relatively lowmicrowave power levels. The microwave loss was initially found to decrease forsmall applied DC field before increasing again. Also, non-linearities inherentin the sample were found to be substantially suppressed at low powers at theseapplied fields. These two features together can lead to significant improvementin device performance.
Reversed flow at low frequencies in a microfabricated AC electrokinetic  pump	2007	Microfluidic chips have been fabricated to study electrokinetic pumpinggenerated by a low voltage AC signal applied to an asymmetric electrode array.A measurement procedure has been established and followed carefully resultingin a high degree of reproducibility of the measurements. Depending on the ionicconcentration as well as the amplitude of the applied voltage, the observeddirection of the DC flow component is either forward or reverse. The impedancespectrum has been thoroughly measured and analyzed in terms of an equivalentcircuit diagram. Our observations agree qualitatively, but not quantitatively,with theoretical models published in the literature.
Counting and manipulating single electrons using a carbon nanotube  transistor	2007	We report on the electric measurements of an individual Au nanoparticle withan ultra-high contact resistance of about $10^{19} \Omega$. The high-impedancemeasurements have been carried out by counting the electrons that aretransferred onto the particle. In order to do this, a carbon nanotube is usedas the electrode for the supply of electrons but also as the detector of thecharge transfer. Measurements using single-electron detection allow us todetermine the separation between the electron states in the Au nanoparticle,which is about 4 meV, consistent with the charging energy of the particle.Single-electron detection with nanotubes offers great promise for the study ofelectron transfer in highly resistive molecular systems.
Elucidation of Conformational Hysteresis on a Giant DNA	2007	The conformational behavior of a giant DNA mediated by condensing agents inthe bulk solution has been investigated through experimental and theoreticalapproaches. Experimentally, a pronounced conformational hysteresis is observedfor folding and unfolding processes, by increasing and decreasing theconcentration of condensing agent PEG (Polyethylene glycol), respectively. Toelucidate the observed hysteresis, a semiflexible chain model is studied byusing Monte Carlo simulations for the coil-globule transition. In thesimulations, the hysteresis loop emerges for stiff enough chains, indicatingdistinct pathways for folding and unfolding processes. Also, our results showthat globular state is thermodynamically more stable than coiled state in thehysteresis loop. Our findings suggest that increasing chain stiffness mayreduce the chain conformations relevant to the folding pathway, which impedesthe folding process.
The Interaction Between a Pulsed Astrophysical Jet and Small-Scale  Heterogeneous Media	2007	"We have performed 2D hydrodynamic simulations of a pulsed astrophysical jetpropagating through a medium that is populated with spherical inhomogeneities,or ""clumps,"" which are smaller than the jet radius. The clumps are seen toaffect the jet in several ways, such as impeding jet propagation and deflectingthe jet off-axis. While there has been some debate as to the prevalence ofthese types of condensations in the ISM or in molecular clouds, the explorationof this region of parameter space nonetheless both shows the potential forthese clumps to disrupt astrophysical jets and yields results which recoveraspects of recent observations of Herbig-Haro objects. We find that thepropagation of the jet and the vorticity induced in the clump/ambient mediumcorrelate well with a ""dynamic filling function"" $f_d$ across all thesimulations."
Simulation of Single Reed Instruments Oscillations Based on Modal  Decomposition of Bore and Reed Dynamics	2007	This paper investigates the sound production in a system made of a borecoupled with a reed valve. Extending previous work (Debut, 2004), the inputimpedance of the bore is projected on the modes of the air column. The acousticpressure is therefore calculated as the sum of modal components. Theairr&#114;&#64258;ow blown into the bore is modulated by reed motion, assumingthe reed to be a single degree of freedom oscillator. Calculation ofself-sustained oscillations controlled by time-varying mouth pressure andplayer's embouchure parameter is performed using ODE solvers. Results emphasizethe par ticipation of the whole set of components in the mode locking process.Another impor tant feature is the mutual inn&#110;&#64258;uence of reed andbore resonance during growing blowing pressure transients, oscillationthreshold being altered by the reed natural frequency and the reed damping.Steady-state oscillations are also investigated and compared with results givenby harmonic balance method and by digital sound synthesis.
Mesoscopic effective material parameters for thin layers modeled as  single and double grids of interacting loaded wires	2007	As an example of thin composite layers we consider single and double grids ofperiodically arranged interacting wires loaded with a certain distributedreactive impedance. Currents induced to the wires by a normally incident planewave are rigorously calculated and the corresponding dipole moment densitiesare determined. Using this data and the averaged fields we assign mesoscopicmaterial parameters for the proposed grid structures. These parameters dependon the number of grids, and measure the averaged induced polarizations. It isdemonstrated that properly loaded double grids possess polarization responsethat over some frequency range can be described by assigning negative valuesfor the mesoscopic parameters. Discussion is conducted on the physicalmeaningfulness to assign such material parameters for thin composite slabs. Theresults predicted by the proposed method for the double-grid structures arecompared with the results obtained using the commonly adopted S-parameterretrieval procedure.
Superfuid-insulator transitions at non-integer filling in optical  lattices of fermionic atoms	2007	We determine the superfluid transition temperatures $T_c$ and the groundstates of the attractive Hubbard model and find new insulating phasesassociated with non-integer filling at sufficiently strong pairing attraction$|U|$. These states, distinct from band and Mott insulating phases, derive frompair localization; pair hopping at large $|U|$ and high densities is impeded byinter-site, inter-pair repulsive interactions. The best way to detect thebreakdown of superfluidity is using fermionic optical lattices which shouldreveal new forms of ``bosonic'' order, reflecting ground state pairing withoutcondensation.
Parallel, Series, and Intermediate Interconnections of Optical  Nanocircuit Elements Part 2: Nanocircuit and Physical Interpretation	2007	Applying the analytical closed-form solutions of the 'quasi-static' potentialdistribution around two conjoined resonant half-cylinders with differentpermittivities, reported in the first part of our manuscript, here we interpretthese results in terms of our nanocircuit paradigm applicable to nanoparticlesat infrared and optical frequencies [N. Engheta, A. Salandrino, A. Alu, Phys.Rev. Lett. 95, 095504 (2005)]. We investigate the possibility of connecting inseries and parallel configurations plasmonic and/or dielectric nanoparticlesacting as nanocircuit elements, with a goal for the design of a more complexnanocircuit circuit system with the desired response. The present analysisfully validates the heuristic predictions regarding the parallel and seriescombination of a pair of nanocircuit elements. Moreover, the geometries underanalysis present interesting peculiar features in their wave interaction, suchas the intermediate stage between the parallel and series configurations, whichmay be of interest for certain applications. In particular, the resonantnanocircuit configuration analyzed here may dramatically change, in acontinuous way, its effective total impedance by simply rotating itsorientation with respect to the polarization of the impressed optical electricfield, providing a novel optical nanodevice that may alter its function byrotation with respect to the impressed optical local field.
Relativistic nature of a magnetoelectric modulus of Cr_2O_3-crystals: a  new 4-dimensional pseudoscalar and its measurement	2007	Earlier, the magnetoelectric effect of chromium sesquioxide Cr_2O_3 has beendetermined experimentally as a function of temperature. One measures theelectric field-induced magnetization on Cr_2O_3 crystals or the magneticfield-induced polarization. From the magnetoelectric moduli of Cr_2O_3 weextract a 4-dimensional relativistic invariant pseudoscalar$\widetilde{\alpha}$. It is temperature dependent and of the order of10^{-4}/Z_0, with Z_0 as vacuum impedance. We show that the new pseudoscalar isodd under parity transformation and odd under time inversion. Moreover,$\widetilde{\alpha}$ is for Cr_2O_3 what Tellegen's gyrator is for two porttheory, the axion field for axion electrodynamics, and the PEMC (perfectelectromagnetic conductor) for electrical engineering.
Extracting current-induced spins: spin boundary conditions at narrow  Hall contacts	2007	We consider the possibility to extract spins that are generated by anelectric current in a two-dimensional electron gas with Rashba-Dresselhausspin-orbit interaction (R2DEG) in the Hall geometry. To this end, we discussboundary conditions for the spin accumulations between a spin-orbit coupledregion and contact without spin-orbit coupling, i.e. a normal two-dimensionalelectron gas (2DEG). We demonstrate that in contrast to contacts that extendalong the whole sample, a spin accumulation can diffuse into the normal regionthrough finite contacts and detected by e.g. ferromagnets. For animpedance-matched narrow contact the spin accumulation in the 2DEG is equal tothe current induced spin accumulation in the bulk of R2DEG up to ageometry-dependent numerical factor.
On-Chip Matching Networks for Radio-Frequency  Single-Electron-Transistors	2007	In this letter, we describe operation of a radio-frequency superconductingsingle electron transistor (RF-SSET) with an on-chip superconducting LCmatching network consisting of a spiral inductor L and its capacitance toground. The superconducting network has a lower parasitic capacitance and givesa better matching for the RF-SSET than does a commercial chip inductor.Moreover, the superconducting network has negligibly low dissipation, leadingto sensitive response to changes in the RF-SSET impedance. The chargesensitivity 2.4*10^-6 e/(Hz)^1/2 in the sub-gap region and energy sensitivityof 1.9 hbar indicate that the RF-SSET is operating in the vicinity of the shotnoise limit.
Spin-orbital Kondo decoherence by environmental effects in capacitively  coupled quantum dot devices	2007	Strong correlation effects in a capacitively coupled double quantum-dot setupwere previously shown to provide the possibility of both entangling spin-chargedegrees of freedom and realizing efficient spin-filtering operations by staticgate-voltage manipulations. Motivated by the use of such a device for quantumcomputing, we study the influence of electromagnetic noise on a generalspin-orbital Kondo model, and investigate the conditions for observingcoherent, unitary transport, crucial to warrant efficient spin manipulations.We find a rich phase diagram, where low-energy properties sensitively depend onthe impedance of the external environment and geometric parameters of thesystem. Relevant energy scales related to the Kondo temperature are alsocomputed in a renormalization-group treatment, allowing to assess therobustness of the device against environmental effects.
Scaled frequency-dependent transport in the mesoscopically  phase-separated colossal magnetoresistive manganite  La_{0.625-y}Pr_yCa_{0.375}MnO_3	2007	We address the issue of massive phase separation (PS) in manganite family ofdoped Mott insulators through ac conductivity measurements onLa$_{0.625-y}$Pr$_{y}$Ca$_{0.375}$MnO$_{3}$ (0.375 $\leq$ y $\leq$ 0.275), andestablish applicability of the scaling theory of percolation in the criticalregime of the PS. Measurements of dc resistivity, magnetization (M(T)) andelectron diffraction show incomplete growth of a ferromagnetic (FM) metalliccomponent on cooling the high temperature charge ordered (CO) phase well belowCurie temperature. The impedance $\mid$Z(T,f)$\mid$ measured over a frequency(f) range of 10 Hz to 10 MHz in the critical regime follows a universal scalingof the form $\approx$ R(T,0)g(f$\xi^{2+\theta}$) with $\theta$ $\approx$ 0.86and the normalized correlation length varying from 1 to 4, suggesting anomalousdiffusion of holes in percolating FM clusters.
Direct mechanical mixing in a nanoelectromechanical diode	2007	We observe direct mechanical mixing in nanoelectromechanical transistorsfabricated in semiconductor materials operating in the radio frequency band of10-1000 MHz. The device is made of a mechanically flexible pillar with a lengthof 240 nm and a diameter of 50 nm, placed between two electrodes in animpedance matched coplanar wave guide. We find a non-linear IV-characteristic,which enables radio frequency mixing of two electromagnetic signals via thenanomechanical transistor. Potential applications for this mixer areultrasensitive displacement detection or signal processing in communicationelectronic circuits requiring high-throughput insulation.
Construction and analysis of approximate models for electromagnetic  scattering from imperfectly conducting scatterers	2007	This report is dedicated to the construction and analysis of so-calledGeneralized Impedance Boundary Conditions (GIBCs) used in electromagneticscattering problems from imperfect conductors as higher order approximations ofa perfect conductor condition. We consider here the 3-D case with Maxwellequations in a harmonic regime. The construction of GIBCs is based on a scaledasymptotic expansion with respect to the skin depth. The asymptotic expansionis theoretically justified at any order and we give explicit expressions tillthe third order. These expressions are used to derive the GIBCs. The associatedboundary value problem is analyzed and error estimates are obtained in terms ofthe skin depth.
Microwave vortex dynamics in Tl-2212 thin films	2007	We present measurements of the effective surface impedance changes due to astatic magnetic field, $\Delta Z(H,T)=\Delta R(H,T)+\rmi \Delta X(H,T)$, in aTl-2212 thin film with $T_c>$ 103 K, grown on a CeO$_2$ buffered sapphiresubstrate. Measurements were performed through a dielectric resonator operatingat 47.7 GHz, for temperatures 60 K$\leq T<T_c$ and magnetic fields $\leq0.8$ T.We observe exceptionally large field induced variations and pronouncedsuper-linear field dependencies in both $\Delta R(H)$ and $\Delta X(H)$ with$\Delta X(H)>\Delta R(H)$ in almost the whole $(H,T)$ range explored. A carefulanalysis of the data allows for an interpretation of these results as dominatedby vortex dynamics. In the intermediate-high field range we extract the mainvortex parameters by resorting to standard high frequency model and by takinginto proper account the creep contribution. The pinning constant shows a markeddecrease with the field which can be interpreted in terms of flux linessoftening associated to an incipient layer decoupling. Small vortex viscosity,by an order of magnitude lower than in Y-123 are found. Some speculations aboutthese findings are provided.
Microwave band on-chip coil technique for single electron spin resonance  in a quantum dot	2007	Microwave band on-chip microcoils are developed for the application to singleelectron spin resonance measurement with a single quantum dot. Basic propertiessuch as characteristic impedance and electromagnetic field distribution areexamined for various coil designs by means of experiment and simulation. Thecombined setup operates relevantly in the experiment at dilution temperature.The frequency responses of the return loss and Coulomb blockade current areexamined. Capacitive coupling between a coil and a quantum dot causes photonassisted tunneling, whose signal can greatly overlap the electron spinresonance signal. To suppress the photon assisted tunneling effect, a techniquefor compensating for the microwave electric field is developed. Goodperformance of this technique is confirmed from measurement of Coulomb blockadeoscillations.
The thermal Casimir effect for rough metallic plates	2007	We propose a new theory of thermal Casimir effect, holding for theexperimentally important case of metallic surfaces with a roughness having aspatial scale smaller than the skin depth. The theory is based on a simplephenomenological model for a rough conductor, that explicitly takes account ofthe fact that ohmic conduction in the immediate vicinity of the surface of aconductor is much impeded by surface roughness, if the amplitude of roughnessis smaller than the skin depth. As a result of the new model, we find thatsurface roughness strongly influences the magnitude of the thermal correctionto the Casimir force, independently of the plates separation. Our model, whileconsistent with recent accurate measurements of the Casimir force in thesubmicron range, leads to a new prediction for the not yet observed thermalcorrection to the Casimir force at large plates separation. Besides the thermalCasimir problem, our model is relevant for the correct theoreticalinterpretation of current experiments probing other proximity effects betweenconductors, like radiative heat transfer and quantum friction.
A remark on the enclosure method for a body with an unknown homogeneous  background conductivity	2007	Previous applications of the enclosure method with a finite set ofobservation data to a mathematical model of electrical impedance tomography arebased on the assumption that the conductivity of the background body ishomogeneous and known. This paper considers the case when the conductivity ishomogeneous and unknown. It is shown that, in two dimensions if the domainoccupied by the background body is enclosed by an ellipse, then it is stillpossible to extract some information about the location of unknown cavities orinclusions embedded in the body without knowing the background conductivityprovided the Fourier series expansion of the voltage on the boundary does notcontain high frequency parts (band limited) and satisfies a non vanishingcondition of a quantity involving the Fourier coefficients.
Efficient light coupling from integrated single-mode waveguides to  supercollimating photonic crystals on silicon-on-insulator platforms	2007	We propose a practical and efficient solution for the coupling of light fromintegrated single-mode waveguides to supercollimating planar photonic crystalson conventional silicon-on-insulator platforms. The device consists of a ribwaveguide, designed to sustain spatially extended single-modes and matched to asupercollimating photonic crystal, which has been truncated at its boundary toimprove impedance matching between the two photonic components.Three-dimensional simulations show transmission efficiencies up to 96 % andreflections below 0.2 % at wavelengths close to 1.55 microns. This approachconstitutes a significant step toward the integration of supercollimatingstructures on photonic chips.
A Novel Design of Dielectric Perfect Invisibility Devices	2007	The aim of an invisibility device is to guide light around any object putinside, being able to hide objects from sight. In this work, we propose a noveldesign of dielectric invisibility media based on negative refraction andoptical conformal mapping that seems to create perfect invisibility. Thisdesign has some advantages and more relaxed constraints compared with alreadyproposed schemes. In particular, it represents an example where the time delayin a dielectric invisibility device is zero. Furthermore, due to impedancematching of negatively refracting materials, the reflection should be close tozero. These findings strongly indicate that perfect invisibility with opticallyisotropic materials is possible. Finally, the area of the invisible space isalso discussed.
Wave scattering by many small particles embedded in a medium	2007	Theory of scattering by many small bodies is developed under variousassumptions concerning the ratio $\frac{a}{d}$, where $a$ is the characteristicdimension of a small body and $d$ is the distance between neighboring bodies $d= O(a^{\ka_1})$, $0 < \ka_1 < 1$. On the boundary $S_m$ of every small body animpedance-type condition is assumed $u_N = \zeta_m u$ on $S_m$, $1 \leq m \leqM$, $\zeta_m = h_m a^{-\ka}$, $0 < \ka$, $h_m$ are constants independent of$a$. The behavior of the field in the region in which $M = M(a)\gg 1$ smallparticles are embedded is studied as $a\ra 0$ and $m(a)\ra \ue$. Formulas forthe refraction coefficient of the limiting medium are derived under theassumptions: a) $ \ka_1=(2-\ka)/3$, $0<\ka\leq 1$, and b) $\ka_1=1/3$, $\ka>1$.
Additional Boundary Condition for a Wire Medium Connected to a Metallic  Surface	2007	In this work, we demonstrate that the interaction of electromagnetic waveswith a microstructured material formed by metallic wires connected to ametallic surface can be described using homogenization methods provided anadditional boundary condition is considered. The additional boundary conditionis derived by taking into account the specific microstructure of the wiremedium. To illustrate the application of the result, we characterize asubstrate formed by an array of tilted metallic wires connected to a groundplane, demonstrating that in such configuration the wire medium behavesessentially as a material with extreme optical anisotropy and that in somecircumstances the substrate can be seen as an impedance surface.
Analysis of broadband microwave conductivity and permittivity  measurements of semiconducting materials	2007	We perform broadband phase sensitive measurements of the reflectioncoefficient from 45 MHz up to 20 GHz employing a vector network analyzer with a2.4 mm coaxial sensor which is terminated by the sample under test. While thematerial parameters (conductivity and permittivity) can be easily extractedfrom the obtained impedance data if the sample is metallic, no direct solutionis possible if the material under investigation is an insulator. Focusing ondoped semiconductors with largely varying conductivity, here we present aclosed calibration and evaluation procedure for frequencies up to 5 GHz, basedon the rigorous solution for the electromagnetic field distribution inside thesample combined with the variational principle; basically no limitingassumptions are necessary. A simple static model based on the electric currentdistribution proves to yield the same frequency dependence of the complexconductivity up to 1 GHz. After a critical discussion we apply the developedmethod to the hopping transport in Si:P at temperature down to 1 K.
On the Properties of Plastic Ablators in Laser-Driven Material Dynamics  Experiments	2007	Radiation hydrodynamics simulations were used to study the effect of plasticablators in laser-driven shock experiments. The sensitivity to composition andequation of state was found to be 5-10% in ablation pressure. As was found formetals, a laser pulse of constant irradiance gave a pressure history whichdecreased by several percent per nanosecond. The pressure history could be mademore constant by adjusting the irradiance history. The impedance mismatch withthe sample gave an increase o(100%) in the pressure transmitted into thesample, for a reduction of several tens of percent in the duration of the peakload applied to the sample, and structured the release history by adding arelease step to a pressure close to the ablation pressure. Algebraic relationswere found between the laser pulse duration, the ablator thickness, and theduration of the peak pressure applied to the sample, involving quantitiescalculated from the equations of state of the ablator and sample using shockdynamics.
Transient Non-linear Thermal FEM Simulation of Smart Power Switches and  Verification by Measurements	2008	Thermal FEM (Finite Element Method) simulations can be used to predict thethermal behavior of power semiconductors in application. Most powersemiconductors are made of silicon. Silicon thermal material properties aresignificantly temperature dependent. In this paper, validity of a commonnon-linear silicon material model is verified by transient non-linear thermalFEM simulations of Smart Power Switches and measurements. For verification,over-temperature protection behavior of Smart Power Switches is employed. Thisprotection turns off the switch at a pre-defined temperature which is used as atemperature reference in the investigation. Power dissipation generated duringa thermal overload event of two Smart Power devices is measured and used as aninput stimulus to transient thermal FEM simulations. The duration time of theevent together with the temperature reference is confronted with simulationresults and thus the validity of the silicon model is proved. In addition, theimpact of non-linear thermal properties of silicon on the thermal impedance ofpower semiconductors is shown.
Utility of transient testing to characterize thermal interface materials	2008	This paper analyzes a transient method for the characterization oflow-resistance thermal interfaces of microelectronic packages. The transientmethod can yield additional information about the package not available withtraditional static methods at the cost of greater numerical complexity,hardware requirements, and sensitivity to noise. While the method isestablished for package-level thermal analysis of mounted and assembled parts,its ability to measure the relatively minor thermal impedance of thin thermalinterface material (TIM) layers has not yet been fully studied. We combine thetransient thermal test with displacement measurements of the bond linethickness to fully characterize the interface.
Improvements of the Variable Thermal Resistance	2008	A flat mounting unit with electronically variable thermal resistance [1] hasbeen presented in the last year [2]. The design was based on a Peltier cell andthe appropriate control electronics and software. The device is devotedespecially to the thermal characterization of packages, e.g. in dual cold platearrangements. Although this design meets the requirements of the staticmeasurement we are intended to improve its parameters as the settling time anddynamic thermal impedance and the range of realized thermal resistance. The newdesign applies the heat flux sensor developed by our team as well [3], makingeasier the control of the device. This development allows even the realizationof negative thermal resistances.
Modeling of a Cantilever-Based Near-Field Scanning Microwave Microscope	2008	We present a detailed modeling and characterization of our scalable microwavenanoprobe, which is a micro-fabricated cantilever-based scanning microwaveprobe with separated excitation and sensing electrodes. Using finite-elementanalysis, the tip-sample interaction is modeled as small impedance changesbetween the tip electrode and the ground at our working frequencies near 1GHz.The equivalent lumped elements of the cantilever can be determined bytransmission line simulation of the matching network, which routes thecantilever signals to 50 Ohm feed lines. In the microwave electronics, thebackground common-mode signal is cancelled before the amplifier stage so thathigh sensitivity (below 1 atto-Farad capacitance changes) is obtained.Experimental characterization of the microwave probes was performed onion-implanted Si wafers and patterned semiconductor samples. Pure electrical ortopographical signals can be realized using different reflection modes of theprobe.
Transmission behaviors of single mode hollow metallic waveguides  dedicated to mid-infrared nulling interferometry	2008	This paper reports the characterization of hollow metallic waveguides (HMW)to be used as single-mode wavefront filters for nulling interferometry in the6-20 microns range. The measurements presented here were performed using bothsingle-mode and multimode conductive waveguides at 10.6 microns. We foundpropagation losses of about 16dB/mm, which are mainly due to the theoreticalskin effect absorption in addition to the roughness of the waveguide metallicwalls. The input and output coupling efficiency of our samples has beenimproved by adding tapers to minimize the impedance mismatch. A properdistinction between propagation losses and coupling losses is presented.Despite their elevate propagation losses, HMW show excellent spatial filteringcapabilities in a spectral range where photonics technologies are onlyemerging.
Demonstration of Stimulated Supercontinuum Generation - An Optical  Tipping Point	2008	Optical supercontinuum radiation, a special kind of white light, has foundnumerous applications in scientific research and technology. This bright,broadband radiation can be generated from nearly monochromatic light throughthe cooperative action of multiple nonlinear effects. Unfortunately,supercontinuum radiation is plagued by large spectral and temporal fluctuationsowing to the spontaneous initiation of the generation process. While thesefluctuations give rise to fascinating behavior in the form of optical roguewaves [1], they impede many critical applications of supercontinuum. Here, weintroduce, and experimentally demonstrate, a powerful means of control oversupercontinuum generation by stimulating the process with a very weak opticalseed signal [2]. This minute addition significantly reduces the input powerthreshold for the process and dramatically increases the stability of theresulting radiation. This effect represents an optical tipping point, as thecontrolled addition of a specialized, but extraordinarily weak perturbationpowerfully impacts a much stronger optical field, inducing a drastic transitionin the optical system.
Macroelement modeling of shallow foundations	2008	The paper presents a new macroelement model for shallow foundations. Themodel is defined through a non-linear constitutive law written in terms of somegeneralized force and displacement parameters. The linear part of thisconstitutive law comes from the dynamic impedances of the foundation. Thenon-linear part comprises two mechanisms. One is due to the irreversibleelastoplastic soil behavior: it is described with a bounding surfacehypoplastic model, adapted for the description of the cyclic soil response. Anoriginal feature of the formulation is that the bounding surface is consideredindependently of the surface of ultimate loads of the system. The secondmechanism is the detachment that can take place at the soil-footing interface(foundation uplift). It is totally reversible and non-dissipative and can thusbe described by a phenomenological non-linear elastic model. The macroelementis qualitatively validated by application to soil-structure interactionanalyses of simple real structures.
Reflection and Refraction of Bose-condensate Excitations	2008	We investigate the transmission and reflection of Bose-condensate excitationsin the low energy limit across a potential barrier separating two condensateswith different densities. The Bogoliubov excitation in the low energy limit hasthe incident angle where the perfect transmission occurs. This conditioncorresponds to the Brewster's law for the electromagnetic wave. The totalinternal reflection of the Bogoliubov excitation is found to occur at a largeincident angle in the low energy limit. The anomalous tunneling named by Kaganet al. [Yu. Kagan et al., Phys. Rev. Lett., 90, 130402 (2003)] can beunderstood in terms of the impedance matching. In the case of the normalincidence, comparison with the results in Tomonaga-Luttinger liquids is made.
The electronic transport properties and microstructure of carbon  nanofiber/epoxy composites	2008	Carbon nanofibres (CNF) were dispersed into an epoxy resin using acombination of ultrasonication and mechanical mixing. The electronic transportproperties of the resulting composites were investigated by means of impedancespectroscopy. It was found that a very low critical weight fraction (pc = 0.064wt %) which may be taken to correspond to the formation of a tunnelingconductive network inside the matrix. The insulator-to-conductor transitionregion spanned about one order of magnitude from 0.1 to 1 wt %. Far from thetransition, the conductivity increased by two orders of magnitude. Thisincrease and the low value of the conductivity were explained in terms of thepresence of an epoxy film at the contact between CNF. A simple model based onthe CNF-CNF contact network inside the matrix was proposed in order to evaluatethe thickness of that film.
Electron transmission in normal/heavy-fermion superconductor junctions	2008	The Andreev reflection between a normal metal (N) and a heavy-fermionsuperconductor (HFS) is studied and the boundary conditions for the electron'swave function in the two systems are established in the framework of a two bandmodel for the HFS. Hence we show in a simple and explicit way that the massenhancement factors in the heavy-fermion (HF) metal do not cause impedance atthe N/HFS interface, in accordance with arguments previously presented. We alsopresent an extension of the theory to a two-fluid model for the heavy-fermion,as possibly applicable to, e.g., CeCoIn_5.
Tunnel-barrier-enhanced dc voltage signals induced by magnetization  dynamics in magnetic tunnel junctions	2008	We theoretically study the recently observed tunnel-barrier-enhanced dcvoltage signals generated by magnetization precession in magnetic tunneljunctions. While the spin pumping is suppressed by the high tunnelingimpedance, two complimentary processes are predicted to result in a sizablevoltage generation in ferromagnet (F)|insulator (I)|normal-metal (N) and F|I|Fjunctions, with one ferromagnet being resonantly excited. Magnetic dynamics inF|I|F systems induces a robust charge pumping, translating into voltage in opencircuits. In addition, dynamics in a single ferromagnetic layer developslongitudinal spin accumulation inside the ferromagnet. A tunnel barrier thenacts as a nonintrusive probe that converts the spin accumulation into ameasurable voltage. Neither of the proposed mechanisms suffers from spinrelaxation, which is typically fast on the scale of the exponentially slowtunneling rates. The longitudinal spin-accumulation buildup, however, is verysensitive to the phenomenological ingredients of the spin-relaxation picture.
Cavity-enhanced radiative emission rate in a single-photon-emitting  diode operating at 0.5 GHz	2008	We report the observation of a Purcell enhancement in the electroluminescencedecay rate of a single quantum dot, embedded in a microcavitylight-emitting-diode structure. Lateral confinement of the optical mode wasachieved using an annulus of low-refractive-index aluminium oxide, formed bywet oxidation. The same layer acts as a current aperture, reducing the activearea of the device without impeding the electrical properties of the p-i-ndiode. This allowed single photon electroluminescence to be demonstrated atrepetition rates up to 0.5 GHz.
Extraordinary sound screening in perforated plates	2008	We report extraordinary effects in the transmission of sound throughperiodically perforated plates, supported by both measurements and theory. Inagreement with recent observations in slit arrays [M. H. Lu et al. Phys. Rev.Lett. 99, 174301 (2007)], nearly full transmission is observed at certainresonant frequencies, pointing out at similarities of the acoustic phenomenaand their optical counterpart. However, acoustic screening well beyond thatpredicted by the mass law is achieved over a wide range of wavelengths in thevicinity of the period of the array, resulting in fundamentally unique behaviorof the sound as compared to light. The randomness of the hole distribution andthe impedance contrast between the fluid and the solid plate are found to playa crucial role.
Solutions in folded geometries, and associated cloaking due to anomalous  resonance	2008	Solutions for the fields in a coated cylinder where the core radius is biggerthan the shell radius are seemingly unphysical, but can be given a physicalmeaning if one transforms to an equivalent problem by unfolding the geometry.In particular the unfolded material can act as an impedance matched hyperlens,and as the loss in the lens goes to zero finite collections of polarizable linedipoles lying within a critical region surrounding the hyperlens are shown tobe cloaked having vanishingly small dipole moments. This cloaking, which occursboth in the folded geometry and the equivalent unfolded one, is due toanomalous resonance, where the collection of dipoles generates an anomalouslyresonant field, which acts back on the dipoles to essentially cancel theexternal fields acting on them.
Generation of squeezed states of microwave radiation in a  superconducting resonant circuit	2008	High-quality superconducting oscillators have been successfully used forquantum control and readout devices in conjunction with superconducting qubits.Also, it is well known that squeezed states can improve the accuracy ofmeasurements to subquantum, or at least subthermal, levels. Here we showtheoretically how to produce squeezed states of microwave radiation in asuperconducting oscillator with tunable parameters. The circuit impedance, andthus the resonance frequency, can be changed by controlling the state of an RFSQUID inductively coupled to the oscillator. By repeatedly shifting theresonance frequency between any two values, it is possible to produce squeezedand subthermal states of the electromagnetic field in the (0.1--10) GHz range,even when the relative frequency change is small. We propose experimentalprotocols for the verification of squeezed state generation, and for their useto improve the readout fidelity when such oscillators serve as quantumtransducers.
Absorption Cross-Section and Near-Field Enhancement in Finite-Length  Carbon Nanotubes in the Terahertz-to-Optical Range	2008	Electromagnetic characteristics of single-walled finite-length carbonnanotubes - absorption cross-section and field enhancement in the near zone -are theoretically studied in a wide frequency range from terahertz to visible.The analysis is based on the impedance-type effective boundary conditions andthe integral equation technique. Comparison with experimental results iscarried out allowing qualitative physical interpretation of low-frequency(far-IR and terahertz) absorption band observed in experiments. Potentiality ofCNTs for the IR photothermolysis of living cells is discussed. Strong localfield enhancement is predicted to be inherent to metallic CNTs in thenear-field zone providing necessary mechanism for far-IR and terahertznear-field optics.
Effect of decoherence on resonant Cooper-pair tunneling in a  voltage-biased single-Cooper-pair transistor	2008	We analyze how decoherence appears in the I-V characteristics of avoltage-biased single-Cooper-pair transistor. Especially the effect on resonantsingle or several Cooper-pair tunneling is studied. We consider both asymmetric and an asymmetric transistor. As a decoherence source we use a smallresistive impedance (Re[Z(w)]<<R_Q=h/4e^2) in series with the transistor, whichprovides both thermal and quantum fluctuations of the voltage. Additionaldecoherence sources are quasiparticle tunneling across the Josephson junctionsand quantum f-noise caused by spurious charge fluctuators nearby the island.The analysis is based on a real-time diagrammatic technique which includesZeno-like effects in the charge transport, where the tunneling is slowed downdue to strong decoherence. As compared to the Pauli-master-equation treatmentof the problem, the present results are more consistent with experiments wheremany of the predicted sharp resonant structures are missing or weakened due todecoherence.
Photon storage with sub-nanosecond readout rise time in coupled quantum  wells	2008	Photon storage with 250 ps rise time of the readout optical signal wasimplemented with indirect excitons in coupled quantum well nanostructures(CQW). The storage and release of photons was controlled by the gate voltagepulse. The transient processes in the CQW were studied by measuring thekinetics of the exciton emission spectra after application of the gate voltagepulse. Strong oscillations of the exciton emission wavelength were observed inthe transient regime when the gate voltage pulse was carried over an ordinarywire. Gating the CQW via an impedance-matched broadband transmission line haslead to an effective elimination of these transient oscillations and expedientswitching of the exciton energy to a required value within a short time, muchshorter than the exciton lifetime.
SAXS/WAXS/DSC Study of Temperature Evolution in Nanopolymer Electrolyte	2008	Electrolytes as nanostructured materials are very attractive for batteries orother types of electronic devices. (PEO)8ZnCl2 polymer electrolytes andnanocomposites (PEO)8ZnCl2/TiO2 were prepared from PEO and ZnCl2 and withaddition of TiO2 nanograins. The influence of TiO2 nanograins was studied bysmall-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) simultaneously recorded with wide-angleX-ray scattering (WAXS) and differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) at thesynchrotron ELETTRA. It was shown by previous impedance spectroscopy (IS) thatthe room temperature conductivity of nanocomposite polymer electrolyteincreased more than two times above 65oC, relative to pure composites of PEOand salts. The SAXS/DSC measurements yielded insight into thetemperature-dependent changes of the grains of the electrolyte as well as todifferences due to different heating and cooling rates. The crystal structureand temperatures of melting and crystallization of the nanosize grains wasrevealed by the simultaneous WAXS measurements.
Wave splitting of Maxwell's equations with anisotropic heterogeneous  constitutive relations	2008	The equations for the electromagnetic field in an anisotropic media arewritten in a form containing only the transverse field components relative to ahalf plane boundary. The operator corresponding to this formulation is theelectromagnetic system's matrix. A constructive proof of the existence ofdirectional wave-field decomposition with respect to the normal of the boundaryis presented.  In the process of defining the wave-field decomposition (wave-splitting), theresolvent set of the time-Laplace representation of the system's matrix isanalyzed. This set is shown to contain a strip around the imaginary axis. Weconstruct a splitting matrix as a Dunford-Taylor type integral over theresolvent of the unbounded operator defined by the electromagnetic system'smatrix. The splitting matrix commutes with the system's matrix and thedecomposition is obtained via a generalized eigenvalue-eigenvector procedure.The decomposition is expressed in terms of components of the splitting matrix.The constructive solution to the question on the existence of a decompositionalso generates an impedance mapping solution to an algebraic Riccati operatorequation. This solution is the electromagnetic generalization in an anisotropicmedia of a Dirichlet-to-Neumann map.
The fate of a gravitational wave in de Sitter spacetime	2008	If we want to explain the recently discovered accelerated stage of theuniverse, one of the option we have is to modify the Einstein tensor. Thesimplest such modification, in agreement with all observations, is the positivecosmological constant $\Lambda$. Such a modification will also have its impacton local observables and on the propagation of weak gravitational waves. Weshow here that the inclusion of a cosmological constant impedes the detectionof a gravitational wave if the latter is produced at a distance larger than${\cal L}_{\rm crit}=(6\sqrt{2}\pi f \hat{h}/\sqrt{5})r_{\Lambda}^2$ where$r_{\Lambda}=1/\sqrt{\Lambda}$ and $f$ and $\hat{h}$ are the frequency and thestrain of the wave, respectively. ${\cal L}_{\rm crit}$ is of astrophysicalorder of magnitude. We interpret the result in the sense that the gravitationalwave interpretation is only possible if the characteristic wave properties aresmaller than the non-oscillatory solution due to $\Lambda$.
HADES - Hydrophone for Acoustic Detection at South Pole	2008	The South Pole Acoustic Test Setup (SPATS) is located in the upper part ofthe optical neutrino observatory IceCube, currently under construction. SPATSconsists of four strings at depths between 80 m and 500 m below the surface ofthe ice with seven stages per string. Each stage is equipped with an acousticsensor and a transmitter. Three strings (string A-C) were deployed in theaustral summer 2006/07. SPATS was extended by a fourth string (string D) withsecond generation sensors and transmitters in 2007/08. One second generationsensor type HADES (Hydrophone for Acoustic Detection at South Pole) consists ofa ring-shaped piezo-electric element coated with polyurethane. The developmentof the sensor, optimization of acoustic transmission by acoustic impedancematching and first in-situ results will be discussed.
Controlling the efficiency of spin injection into graphene by carrier  drift	2008	Electrical spin injection from ferromagnetic metals into graphene is hinderedby the impedance mismatch between the two materials. This problem can bereduced by the introduction of a thin tunnel barrier at the interface. Wepresent room temperature non-local spin valve measurements incobalt/aluminum-oxide/graphene structures with an injection efficiency as highas 25%, where electrical contact is achieved through relatively transparentpinholes in the oxide. This value is further enhanced to 43% by applying a DCcurrent bias on the injector electrodes, that causes carrier drift away fromthe contact. A reverse bias reduces the AC spin valve signal to zero ornegative values. We introduce a model that quantitatively predicts the behaviorof the spin accumulation in the graphene under such circumstances, showing agood agreement with our measurements.
Measurements and Analysis of Beam Transfer Functions in the Fermilab  Recycler Ring Using the Transverse Digital Damper System	2008	The primary purpose of the Fermilab Recycler Ring Transverse Digital DamperSystem is to prevent instabilities due to high phase space densities of thecooled antiproton beam. The system was designed to facilitate Beam TransferFunction measurements using a signal analyzer connected to auxiliary systemports for timing and diagnostic purposes. The Digital Damper System has thecapability for both open and closed loop measurements. The Beam TransferFunction provides direct measurement of the machine impedance, and beam andlattice parameters such as betatron tune and chromaticity. An overview of thetechnique is presented along with analysis and results from open and closedloop measurements in the Fermilab Recycler Ring.
Grounded Uniaxial Material Slabs as Magnetic Conductors	2008	The objective of this paper is all-angle artificial magnetic conductor, i.e.artificial magnetic conductor that has stable magnetic-wall effect with respectto the incidence angle. Furthermore, we seek for a design that would be easyfor manufacturing. In order to achieve this we use grounded uniaxial materialslabs and we do not constrict ourselves to naturally available materials.Instead, we assume that the desired parameters can be synthesized using theemerging artificial electromagnetic materials. It is found that it is possibleto have an all-angle magnetic-wall effect for both TE and TM polarization.Especially for the TM fields the structure would be easily manufacturable. Theproposed structure has similar appearance as more well-known artificialimpedance surfaces, but the design parameters and the physical propertiesbehind the magnetic wall effect are novel. The performance of the proposedartificial magnetic conductor is verified with numerical simulations. Thispaper introduces a new approach how to obtain a magnetic-wall effect. It ispossible to use this this approach also together with other ways of obtainingthe magnetic-wall effect for dual-band operation.
Symmetries of Ginsparg-Wilson Chiral Fermions	2009	The group structure of the variant chiral symmetry discovered by Luscher inthe Ginsparg-Wilson description of lattice chiral fermions is analyzed. It isshown that the group contains an infinite number of linearly independentsymmetry generators, and the Lie algebra is given explicitly. CP is anautomorphism of this extended chiral group, and the CP transformationproperties of the symmetry generators are found. The group has aninfinite-parameter invariant subgroup, and the factor group, whose elements areits cosets, is isomorphic to the continuum chiral symmetry group. Features ofthe currents associated with these symmetries are discussed, including the factthat some different, non-commuting symmetry generators lead to the same Noethercurrent. These are universal features of lattice chiral fermions based on theGinsparg-Wilson relation; they occur in the overlap, domain-wall, andperfect-action formulations. In a solvable example, free overlap fermions,these non-canonical elements of lattice chiral symmetry are related to complexenergy singularities that violate reflection positivity and impede continuationto Minkowski space.
An Active High Impedance Surface for Low Profile Tunable and Steerable  Antennas	2009	In this letter, an approach for designing a tunable and steerable antenna ispresented. The antenna model is based on a wideband bow-tie radiating elementmounted above an active Artificial Magnetic Conductor (AMC). The AMC geometryconsists of a Frequency Selective Surface (FSS) printed on a thin groundeddielectric slab in which some chip-set varactor diodes are placed between themetallic elements and the backing plane through vias. The resulting antenna canbe tuned over the S-Band by simply changing all varactor capacitances throughan appropriate biasing voltage. Moreover, this structure can operate a beamscanning over each working frequency by applying an appropriate biasing voltageto the active elements of the AMC surface in accordance to leaky radiationprinciples. The low profile active antenna is characterized by an overallthickness of 5.32 mm, which corresponds to approximately lambda/24 at thecentre of the operating band.
Intragrain electrical inhomogenities and compositional variation of  static dielectric constant in LaMn_{1-x}Fe_xO_3	2009	Bulk dc resistivity and dielectric constant measurements with temperature andfrequency have been performed in LaMn_{1-x}Fe_xO_3 (0 <= x <= 1.0) as a resultof Fe substitution both for the as-synthesized and oxygen annealed samples.Temperature dependence of real part of dielectric constant at differentfrequencies show a frequency and temperature independent value (epsilon_s) atlow temperature for x >= 0.15 where epsilon_0 rises with x reaching a maximumat x = 0.5 and then it decreases sharply at x = 0.70 showing a furtherincreasing trend with the further increase in x. The sharp drop of epsilon_s atx = 0.70 is correlated with the structural change from rhombohedral toorthorhombic structure. A considerable increase of epsilon_s ~ 43% is observedfor an increase of x from 0.15 to 0.50. Furthermore, epsilon_s is increasedconsiderably (up to ~ 17% at x = 0.5) due to the oxygen annealing for x <=0.50. The low temperature resistivities satisfying Variable Range Hopping modelare found to be related with the increase of epsilon_s with x for x <= 0.50.The analysis of the complex impedance and modulus planes at low temperatureindicates the electrical inhomogeneities in the grain interior of thecompounds.
Spontaneous and low-field magnetoimpedance in La0.7Sr0.3CoO3 and  La1-xSrxMnO3 (x = 0.18-0.5)	2009	We report ac electrical transport in La0.7Sr0.3CoO3 and La1-xSrxMnO3 (x =0.18- 0.5) as a function of temperature and frequency in H = 0 and 60 mT. Bothresistive (R) and reactive (X) components of impedance (Z = R+jX) weremeasured. It is shown that a smooth decrease of the resistance around the Curietemperautre in La0.7Sr0.3CoO3 transforms into an abrupt increase followedclosely by a peak in R with increasing frequency. Similar behavior in R wasalso found in metallic compositions of the La-Sr-MnO3 series. The observedanomaly at TC is suppressed by a small dc magnetic field of H = 60 mT whichrrsults in a huge ac magnetoreistance (= 30 % in manganite and =7 % incobaltite at f = 2 MHz). The anomaly in R in zero field is also accompanied bya sudden incrases of X. While the ac magnetoresitance is negative as a functionof field from 100 Hz to 30 MHz, we show that the sign of X changes and a newdouble peak structure develops in X for frequencies above 15 MHz.
Charging effects in the inductively shunted Josephson junction	2009	The choice of impedance used to shunt a Josephson junction determines if thecharge transferred through the circuit is quantized: a capacitive shunt rendersthe charge discrete, whereas an inductive shunt leads to continuous charge.This discrepancy leads to a paradox in the limit of large inductances L. Weshow that while the energy spectra of the capacitively and inductively shuntedjunction are vastly different, their high-frequency responses become identicalfor large L. Inductive shunting thus opens the possibility to observe chargingeffects unimpeded by charge noise.
Causality in Condensates: Grey Solitons as Remnants of BEC Formation	2009	"Symmetry breaking during phase transitions can lead to the formation oftopological defects (such as vortex lines in superfluids). However, the usuallystudied BEC's have the shape of a cigar, a geometry that impedes vortexformation, survival, and detection. I show that, in elongated traps, one canexpect the formation of ""grey solitons"" (long-lived, non-topological ""phasedefects"") as a result of the same mechanism. Their number will riseapproximately in proportion to the transition rate. This steep rise is due tothe increasing size of the region of the BEC cigar where the phase of thecondensate wavefunction is chosen locally (rather than passed on from thealready formed BEC)."
Frequency-dependent complex conductivity of an organic thin-film  transistor	2009	"We measure the complex impedance between source/drain electrodes and the gateelectrode of a pentacene thin-film transistor (TFT) at frequencies 50 Hz <omega/2pi < 20 kHz. Modeling the TFT as a distributed RC network (RCtransmission line), we find that the data cannot be explained by a modelincluding only a real, frequency-independent sheet conductivity. Instead, weuse the RC transmission line model to extract the frequency-dependent complexsheet conductivity sigma(omega) = sigma'(omega) + jsigma""(omega) of thepentacene film. At high frequencies, sigma(omega) increases with frequency,sigma'(omega) and sigma""(omega) become similar in magnitude, and the on/offratio is significantly reduced."
Effect of composition on the dielectric relaxation of zeolite-conducting  polyaniline blends	2009	The complex permittivity of conducting polyaniline and zeolite - polyanilineblends was measured in the frequency range 0.01 to 2000000 Hz from roomtemperature to liquid nitrogen temperature. A loss peak is detected for 25, 35and 50 wt % zeolite blends. Its position in the frequency domain, activationenergy and intensity is a function of composition. The experimental results areinterpreted through the competing multiple role of zeolite: as being lessconducting than polyaniline, it impedes the electric charge flow by dividinglarge conducting polyaniline regions into smaller pieces, subsequently providesshort-range pathways and, moreover, enriches the blend in interfaces separatingzeolite from polyaniline.
Nonlinear modes of clarinet-like musical instruments	2009	The concept of nonlinear modes is applied in order to analyze the behavior ofa model of woodwind reed instruments. Using a modal expansion of the impedanceof the instrument, and by projecting the equation for the acoustic pressure onthe normal modes of the air column, a system of second order ordinarydifferential equations is obtained. The equations are coupled through thenonlinear relation describing the volume flow of air through the reed channelin response to the pressure difference across the reed. The system is treatedusing an amplitude-phase formulation for nonlinear modes, where the frequencyand damping functions, as well as the invariant manifolds in the phase space,are unknowns to be determined. The formulation gives, without explicitintegration of the underlying ordinary differential equation, access to thetransient, the limit cycle, its period and stability. The process isillustrated for a model reduced to three normal modes of the air column.
Charge oscillation-induced light transmission through subwavelength  slits and holes	2009	We present a concrete picture of spoof surface plasmons (SSPs) combined withcavity resonance to clarify the basic mechanism underlying extraordinary lighttransmission through metal films with subwavelength slits or holes. Thispicture may indicate a general mechanism of metallic nanostructure optics: Whenlight is incident on a non-planar conducting surface, the free electrons cannotmove homogeneously in response to the incident electric field, i.e., theirmovement can be impeded at the rough parts, forming inhomogeneous chargedistributions. The oscillating charges/dipoles then emit photons (similar toThomson scattering of x rays by oscillating electrons), and the interferencebetween the photons may give rise to anomalous transmission, reflection orscattering.
Observation of an exceptional point in a chaotic optical microcavity	2009	We present spectroscopic observation of an exceptional point or thetransition point between diabatic crossing and avoided crossing of neighboringquasi-eigenmodes in a chaotic optical microcavity with a large size parameter.The transition to the avoided crossing was impeded until the degree ofdeformation exceeded a threshold deformation owing to the system's opennessalso enhanced by the shape deformation. As a result, a singular topology wasobserved around the exceptional point on the eigenfrequency surfaces, resultingin fundamental inconsistency in mode labeling.
Low Temperature Thermal Transport in Partially Perforated Silicon  Nitride Membranes	2009	The thermal transport in partially trenched silicon nitride membranes hasbeen studied in the temperature range from 0.3 to 0.6 K, with the transitionedge sensor (TES), the sole source of membrane heating. The test configurationconsisted of Mo/Au TESs lithographically defined on silicon nitride membranes 1micron thick and 6 mm^2 in size. Trenches with variable depth were incorporatedbetween the TES and the silicon frame in order to manage the thermal transport.It was shown that sharp features in the membrane surface, such as trenches,significantly impede the modes of phonon transport. A nonlinear dependence ofthermal resistance on trench depth was observed. Partial perforation of siliconnitride membranes to control thermal transport could be useful in fabricatingmechanically robust detector devices.
The effect of short ray trajectories on the scattering statistics of  wave chaotic systems	2009	In many situations, the statistical properties of wave systems with chaoticclassical limits are well-described by random matrix theory. However,applications of random matrix theory to scattering problems requireintroduction of system specific information into the statistical model, such asthe introduction of the average scattering matrix in the Poisson kernel. Hereit is shown that the average impedance matrix, which also characterizes thesystem-specific properties, can be expressed in terms of classical trajectoriesthat travel between ports and thus can be calculated semiclassically.Theoretical results are compared with numerical solutions for a modelwave-chaotic system.
Frustration Driven Stripe Domain Formation in Co/Pt Multilayer Films	2009	We report microscopic mechanisms for an unusual magnetization reversalbehavior in Co/Pt multilayers where some of the first-order reversal curvesprotrude outside of the major loop. Transmission x-ray microscopy reveals afragmented stripe domain topography when the magnetic field is reversed priorto saturation, in contrast to an interconnected pattern when reversing from asaturated state. The different domain nucleation and propagation behaviors aredue to unannihilated domains from the prior field sweep. These residual domainscontribute to random dipole fields that impede the subsequent domain growth andprevent domains from growing as closely together as for the interconnectedpattern.
Electronic correlations in the iron pnictides	2009	In correlated metals derived from Mott insulators, the motion of an electronis impeded by Coulomb repulsion due to other electrons. This phenomenon causesa substantial reduction in the electron's kinetic energy leading to remarkableexperimental manifestations in optical spectroscopy. The high-Tcsuperconducting cuprates are perhaps the most studied examples of suchcorrelated metals. The occurrence of high-Tc superconductivity in the ironpnictides puts a spotlight on the relevance of correlation effects in thesematerials. Here we present an infrared and optical study on single crystals ofthe iron pnictide superconductor LaFePO. We find clear evidence of electroniccorrelations in metallic LaFePO with the kinetic energy of the electronsreduced to half of that predicted by band theory of nearly free electrons.Hallmarks of strong electronic many-body effects reported here are importantbecause the iron pnictides expose a new pathway towards a correlated electronstate that does not explicitly involve the Mott transition.
The gravitational dynamics of warped throats	2009	We investigate the time evolution due to gravitational dynamics of aparticular spacetime commonly used in brane-cosmology and stringcompactifications, namely the Klebanov-Strassler geometry, which is achieved byadding a perturbation to the momentum of the static solution. We observe theeffects this has on the spacetime and look for evidence of black hole formationor collapsing cycles which could lead to singular geometry. The cycles are seento commonly re-expand after reaching a minimum value, showing the stability ofthe solution against perturbations which would change its size. However blackholes are observed to form for certain perturbations, which could impede commonuses of the throat's stable tip.
Poincare duality angles for Riemannian manifolds with boundary	2009	"On a compact Riemannian manifold with boundary, the absolute and relativecohomology groups appear as certain subspaces of harmonic forms. DeTurck andGluck showed that these concrete realizations of the cohomology groupsdecompose into orthogonal subspaces corresponding to cohomology coming from theinterior and boundary of the manifold. The principal angles between theseinterior subspaces are all acute and are called Poincare duality angles. Thispaper determines the Poincare duality angles of a collection of interestingmanifolds with boundary derived from complex projective spaces and fromGrassmannians, providing evidence that the Poincare duality angles measure, insome sense, how ""close"" a manifold is to being closed.  This paper also elucidates a connection between the Poincare duality anglesand the Dirichlet-to-Neumann operator for differential forms, which generalizesthe classical Dirichlet-to-Neumann map arising in the problem of ElectricalImpedance Tomography. Specifically, the Poincare duality angles are essentiallythe eigenvalues of a related operator, the Hilbert transform for differentialforms. This connection is then exploited to partially resolve a question ofBelishev and Sharafutdinov about whether the Dirichlet-to-Neumann mapdetermines the cup product structure on a manifold with boundary."
Thermal quenches in spin ice	2009	We study the diffusion annihilation process which occurs when spin ice isquenched from a high temperature paramagnetic phase deep into the spin iceregime, where the excitations -- magnetic monopoles -- are sparse. We find thatdue to the Coulomb interaction between the monopoles, a dynamical arrestoccurs, in which `non-universal' lattice-scale constraints impede the completedecay of charge fluctuations. This phenomenon is outside the reach of universalmean-field theory for a two-component Coulomb liquid. We identify the relevanttimescales for the dynamical arrest and propose an experiment for detectingmonopoles and their dynamics in spin ice based on this non-equilibriumphenomenon.
Ga substitution as an effective variation of Mn-Tb coupling in  multiferroic TbMnO3	2009	Ga for Mn substitution in multiferroic TbMnO$_{3}$ has been performed inorder to study the influence of Mn-magnetic ordering on the Tb-magneticsublattice. Complete characterization of TbMn$_{1-x}$Ga$_x$O$_{3}$ ($x$ = 0,0.04, 0.1) samples, including magnetization, impedance spectroscopy, and x-rayresonant scattering and neutron diffraction on powder and single crystals hasbeen carried out. We found that keeping the same crystal structure for allcompositions, Ga for Mn substitution leads to the linear decrease of $T_{\rmN}^{\rm Mn}$ and $\tau^{\rm Mn}$, reflecting the reduction of the exchangeinteractions strength $J_{\rm Mn-Mn}$ and the change of the Mn-O-Mn bondangles. At the same time, a strong suppression of both the induced and theseparate Tb-magnetic ordering has been observed. This behavior unambiguouslyprove that the exchange fields $J_{\rm Mn-Tb}$ have a strong influence on theTb-magnetic ordering in the full temperature range below $T_{\rm N}^{\rm Mn}$and actually stabilize the Tb-magnetic ground state.
Two-stage high frequency pulse tube cooler for refrigeration at 25 K	2009	A two-stage Stirling-type U-shape pulse tube cryocooler driven by a 10kW-class linear compressor was designed, built and tested. A special feature ofthe cold head is the absence of a heat exchanger at the cold end of the firststage, since the intended application requires no cooling power at thisintermediate temperature. Simulations where done using Sage-software to findoptimum operating conditions and cold head geometry. Flow-impedance matchingwas required to connect the compressor designed for 60 Hz operation to the 40Hz cold head. A cooling power of 12.9 W at 25 K with an electrical input powerof 4.6 kW has been achieved up to now. The lowest temperature reached is 13.7K.
Baryons in QCD_{AS} at Large N_c: A Roundabout Approach	2009	"QCD_{AS}, a variant of large N_c QCD in which quarks transform under thecolor two-index antisymmetric representation, reduces to standard QCD at N_c =3 and provides an alternative to the usual large N_c extrapolation that usesfundamental representation quarks. Previous strong plausibility argumentsassert that the QCD_{AS} baryon mass scales as N_c^2; however, the complicatedcombinatoric problem associated with quarks carrying two color indices impededa complete demonstration. We develop a diagrammatic technique to solve thisproblem. The key ingredient is the introduction of an effective multi-gluonvertex: a ""traffic circle"" or ""roundabout"" diagram. We show that arbitrarilycomplicated diagrams can be reduced to simple ones with the same leading N_cscaling using this device, and that the leading contribution to baryon massdoes, in fact, scale as N_c^2."
Cooling dynamics and thermal interface resistance of glass-embedded  metal nanoparticles	2009	The cooling dynamics of glass-embedded noble metal nanoparticles withdiameters ranging from 4 to 26 nm were studied using ultrafast pump-probespectroscopy. Measurements were performed probing away from the surface plasmonresonance of the nanoparticles to avoid spurious effects due to glass heatingaround the particle. In these conditions, the time-domain data reflect thecooling kinetics of the nanoparticle. Cooling dynamics are shown to becontrolled by both thermal resistance at the nanoparticule?glass interface, andheat diffusion in the glass matrix. Moreover, the interface conductances arededuced from the experiments and found to be correlated to the acousticimpedance mismatch at the metal/glass interface.
Distributed control of reactive power flow in a radial distribution  circuit with high photovoltaic penetration	2009	We show how distributed control of reactive power can serve to regulatevoltage and minimize resistive losses in a distribution circuit that includes asignificant level of photovoltaic (PV) generation. To demonstrate thetechnique, we consider a radial distribution circuit with a single branchconsisting of sequentially-arranged residential-scale loads that consume bothreal and reactive power. In parallel, some loads also have PV generationcapability. We postulate that the inverters associated with each PV system arealso capable of limited reactive power generation or consumption, and we seekto find the optimal dispatch of each inverter's reactive power to both maintainthe voltage within an acceptable range and minimize the resistive losses overthe entire circuit. We assume the complex impedance of the distribution circuitlinks and the instantaneous load and PV generation at each load are known. Wecompare the results of the optimal dispatch with a suboptimal local scheme thatdoes not require any communication. On our model distribution circuit, weillustrate the feasibility of high levels of PV penetration and a significant(20% or higher) reduction in losses.
Massively parallel single-molecule manipulation using centrifugal force	2009	"Precise manipulation of single molecules has already led to remarkableinsights in physics, chemistry, biology and medicine. However, widespreadadoption of single-molecule techniques has been impeded by equipment cost andthe laborious nature of making measurements one molecule at a time. We havesolved these issues with a new approach: massively parallel single-moleculeforce measurements using centrifugal force. This approach is realized in anovel instrument that we call the Centrifuge Force Microscope (CFM), in whichobjects in an orbiting sample are subjected to a calibration-free,macroscopically uniform force-field while their micro-to-nanoscopic motions areobserved. We demonstrate high-throughput single-molecule force spectroscopywith this technique by performing thousands of rupture experiments in parallel,characterizing force-dependent unbinding kinetics of an antibody-antigen pairin minutes rather than days. Additionally, we verify the force accuracy of theinstrument by measuring the well-established DNA overstretching transition at66 $\pm$ 3 pN. With significant benefits in efficiency, cost, simplicity, andversatility, ""single-molecule centrifugation"" has the potential torevolutionize single-molecule experimentation, and open access to a wider rangeof researchers and experimental systems."
Sub-wavelength diffraction-free imaging with low-loss metal-dielectric  multilayers	2010	We demonstrate numerically the diffraction-free propagation of sub-wavelengthsized optical beams through simple elements built of metal-dielectricmultilayers. The proposed metamaterial consists of silver and a high refractiveindex dielectric, and is designed using the effective medium theory as stronglyanisotropic and impedance matched to air. Further it is characterised with thetransfer matrix method, and investigated with FDTD. The diffraction-freebehaviour is verified by the analysis of FWHM of PSF in the function of thenumber of periods. Small reflections, small attenuation, and reduced FabryPerot resonances make it a flexible diffraction-free material for arbitrarilyshaped optical planar elements with sizes of the order of one wavelength.
The Scattering of Electromagnetic Waves from Two-Dimensional Randomly  Rough Penetrable Surfaces	2010	"An accurate and efficient numerical simulation approach to electromagneticwave scattering from two-dimensional, randomly rough, penetrable surfaces ispresented. The use of the M\""uller equations and an impedance boundarycondition for a two-dimensional rough surface yields a pair of coupledtwo-dimensional integral equations for the sources on the surface in terms ofwhich the scattered field is expressed through the Franz formulas. By thisapproach, we calculate the full angular intensity distribution of the scatteredfield that is due to a finite incident beam of $p$-polarized light. Wespecifically check the energy conservation (unitarity) of our simulations (forthe non-absorbing case). Only after a detailed numerical treatment of {\emboth} diagonal and close-to-diagonal matrix elements is the unitarity conditionfound to be well-satisfied for the non-absorbing case (${\mathcal U}>0.995$), aresult that testifies to the accuracy of our approach."
Creating materials with a desired refraction coefficient: numerical  experiments	2010	A recipe for creating materials with a desired refraction coefficient isimplemented numerically. The following assumptions are used: \bee\zeta_m=h(x_m)/a^\kappa,\quad d=O(a^{(2-\kappa)/3}),\quadM=O(1/a^{2-\kappa}),\quad \kappa\in(0,1), \eee where $\zeta_m$ and $x_m$ arethe boundary impedance and center of the $m$-th ball, respectively, $h(x)\inC(D)$, Im$h(x)\leq 0$, $M$ is the number of small balls embedded in the cube$D$, $a$ is the radius of the small balls and $d$ is the distance between theneighboring balls.  An error estimate is given for the approximate solution of the many-bodyscattering problem in the case of small scatterers. This result is used for theestimate of the minimal number of small particles to be embedded in a givendomain $D$ in order to get a material whose refraction coefficient approximatesthe desired one with the relative error not exceeding a desired small quantity.
Color-charge separation in trapped SU(3) fermionic atoms	2010	Cold fermionic atoms with three different hyperfine states with  SU(3) symmetry confined in one-dimensional optical lattices show color-chargeseparation, generalizing the conventional spin charge separation forinteracting SU(2) fermions in one dimension. Through time-dependent DMRGsimulations, we explore the features of this phenomenon for a generalized SU(3)Hubbard Hamiltonian. In our numerical simulations of finite size systems, weobserve different velocities of the charge and color degrees of freedom when aGaussian wave packet or a charge (color) density response to a localperturbation is evolved. The differences between attractive and repulsiveinteractions are explored and we note that neither a small anisotropy of theinteraction, breaking the SU(3) symmetry, nor the filling impedes the basicobservation of these effects.
Measuring individual overpotentials in an operating solid-oxide  electrochemical cell	2010	We use photo-electrons as a non-contact probe to measure local electricalpotentials in a solid-oxide electrochemical cell. We characterize the cell inoperando at near-ambient pressure using spatially-resolved X-ray photoemissionspectroscopy. The overpotentials at the interfaces between the Ni and Ptelectrodes and the yttria-stabilized zirconia (YSZ) electrolyte are directlymeasured. The method is validated using electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.Using the overpotentials, which characterize the cell's inefficiencies, wecompare without ambiguity the electro-catalytic efficiencies of Ni and Pt,finding that on Ni H_2O splitting proceeds more rapidly than H2 oxidation,while on Pt, H2 oxidation proceeds more rapidly than H2O splitting.
Investigation and Assessment of Disorder of Ultrasound B-mode Images	2010	Digital image plays a vital role in the early detection of cancers, such asprostate cancer, breast cancer, lungs cancer, cervical cancer. Ultrasoundimaging method is also suitable for early detection of the abnormality offetus. The accurate detection of region of interest in ultrasound image iscrucial. Since the result of reflection, refraction and deflection ofultrasound waves from different types of tissues with different acousticimpedance. Usually, the contrast in ultrasound image is very low and weak edgesmake the image difficult to identify the fetus region in the ultrasound image.So the analysis of ultrasound image is more challenging one. We try to developa new algorithmic approach to solve the problem of non clarity and finddisorder of it. Generally there is no common enhancement approach for noisereduction. This paper proposes different filtering techniques based onstatistical methods for the removal of various noise. The quality of theenhanced images is measured by the statistical quantity measures:Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR), Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR), and Root MeanSquare Error (RMSE).
Plasmon-Polariton Waves in Nanofilms on One-Dimensional Photonic Crystal  Surfaces	2010	The propagation of bound optical waves along the surface of a one-dimensional(1-D) photonic crystal (PC) structure is considered. A unified description ofthe waves in 1-D PCs for both s- and p-polarizations is done via an impedanceapproach. A general dispersion relation that is valid for optical surface waveswith both polarizations is obtained, and conditions are presented forlong-range propagation of plasmon-polariton waves in nanofilms (including lossyones) deposited on the top of the 1-D PC structure. A method is described fordesigning 1-D PC structures to fulfill the conditions required for theexistence of the surface mode with a particular wavevector at a particularwavelength. It is shown that the propagation length of the long-range surfaceplasmon-polaritons can be maximized by wavelength tuning, which introduces aslight asymmetry in the system.
Longitudinal acoustic properties of poly(lactic acid) and  poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid)	2010	Acoustics offers rich possibilities for characterising and monitoring thebiopolymer structures being employed in the field of biomedical engineering.Here we explore the rudimentary acoustic properties of two common biodegradablepolymers poly(lactic acid) and poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid). A pulse-echotechnique is developed to reveal the bulk speed of sound, acoustic impedanceand acoustic attenuation of small samples of the polymer across a pertinenttemperature range of 0- 70oC. The glass transition appears markedly as both adiscontinuity in the first derivative of the speed of sound and a sharpincrease in the acoustic attenuation. We further extend our analysis toconsider the role of ethanol whose presence is observed to dramatically modifythe acoustic properties and reduce the glass transition temperature of thepolymers. Our results highlight the sensitivity of acoustic properties to arange of bulk properties, including visco-elasticity, molecular weight,co-polymer ratio, crystallinity and the presence of plasticizers.
The role of surface plasmon polaritons in the optical response of a hole  pair	2010	The optical emittance of a hole pair perforated in an opaque metal film isstudied from first-principles using the coupled-mode method. The geometricalsimplicity of this system helps to understand the fundamental role played bysurface plasmon polaritons (SPPs) in its optical response. A SPP interferencemodel without fitting parameters is developed from the rigorous solution ofMaxwell's equations. The calculations show that the interference pattern of thehole pair is determined by two scattering mechanisms: (i) re-illumination ofthe holes by the in-plane SPP radiation and (ii) an effective impedancedepending on the single-hole response. The conditions for constructive anddestructive interference only depend on the phase difference provided by eachof the two scattering mechanisms.
On the Corrosion Resistance of Porous Electroplated Zinc Coatings in  Different Corrosive Media	2010	The corrosion resistance of an electroplated (EP) Zn coating whose surfacewas chemically etched to produce surface defects (pores) is investigated inthis work. Impedance and DC polarisation measururements were employed to studythe behaviour of such coating in various corrosive media (NaCl, NaOH and rainwater). Four different faradaic relaxation processes were clearly revealed indifferent NaCl concentrations (from 0.1M to 1M). In the most concentratedsolutions at least three relaxation processes at low frequencies (LF) appearedand were related to zinc deposition and dissolution. At lower concentrationsand depending on the pH, only one process was observed. The charge transferresistance (Rct) and the corrosion current (Icorr) were practically stable inthe pH range 5 to 10. In deaerated NaCl 0.1M, the EIS diagrams showed twotime-constants at very close frequencies. From the EIS diagrams the porousnature of the coating was highlighted and showed that the dissolutionmechanisms occurred at the base of the pores.
Determination of electric field, magnetic field, and electric current  distributions of infrared optical antennas: A nano-optical vector network  analyzer	2010	In addition to the electric field E(r), the associated magnetic field H(r)and current density J(r) characterize any electromagnetic device, providinginsight into antenna coupling and mutual impedance. We demonstrate the opticalanalogue of the radio frequency vector network analyzer implemented ininterferometric homodyne scattering-type scanning near-field optical microscopy(s-SNOM) for obtaining E(r), H(r), and J(r). The approach is generallyapplicable and demonstrated for the case of a linear coupled-dipole antenna inthe mid-infrared. The determination of the underlying 3D vector electricnear-field distribution E(r) with nanometer spatial resolution and full phaseand amplitude information is enabled by the design of probe tips withselectivity with respect to E-parallel and E-perpendicular fabricated byfocused ion-beam milling and nano-CVD.
Total transmission and total reflection by zero index materials	2010	In this report, we achieved total transmission and reflection in a slab ofzero index materials with defect(s). By controlling the defect's radius anddielectric constant, we can obtain total transmission and reflection of EMwave. The zero index materials, in this report, stand for materials withpermittivity and permeability which are simultaneously equal to zero or socalled matched impedance zero index materials. Along with theoreticalcalculations and simulation demonstrations, we also discuss about some possibleapplications for the proposed structure such as shielding or cloaking an objectwithout restricting its view. We also suggest a way to control totaltransmission and reflection actively by using tunable refractive indexmaterials such as liquid crystal and BST. The physics behind those phenomena isattributed to intrinsic properties of zero index materials: constant fieldinside zero index slab.
Mid-Infrared Frequency Comb Fourier Transform Spectrometer	2010	Optical frequency-comb-based-high-resolution spectrometers offer enormouspotential for spectroscopic applications. Although various implementations havebeen demonstrated, the lack of suitable mid-infrared comb sources has impededexplorations of molecular fingerprinting. Here we present for the first time afrequency-comb Fourier transform spectrometer operating in the2100-to-3700-cm-1 spectral region that allows fast and simultaneousacquisitions of broadband absorption spectra with up to 0.0056 cm-1 resolution.We demonstrate part-per-billion detection limits in 30 seconds of integrationtime for various important molecules including methane, ethane, isoprene, andnitrous oxide. Our system enables precise concentration measurements even ingas mixtures that exhibit continuous absorption bands, and it allows detectionof molecules at levels below the noise floor via simultaneous analysis ofmultiple spectral features. This system represents a near real-time,high-resolution, high-bandwidth mid-infrared spectrometer which is ready toreplace traditional Fourier transform spectrometers for many applications intrace gas detection, atmospheric science, and medical diagnostics.
Vibration control in plates by uniformly distributed PZT actuators  interconnected via electric networks	2010	In this paper a novel device aimed at controlling the mechanical vibrationsof plates by means of a set of electrically-interconnected piezoelectricactuators is described. The actuators are embedded uniformly in the platewherein they connect every node of an electric network to ground, thus playingthe two-fold role of capacitive element in the electric network and of couplesuppliers. A mathematical model is introduced to describe the propagation ofelectro-mechanical waves in the device; its validity is restricted to the caseof wave-forms with wave-length greater than the dimension of the piezoelectricactuators used. A self-resonance criterion is established which assures thepossibility of electro-mechanical energy exchange. Finally the problem ofvibration control in simply supported and clamped plates is addressed; theoptimal net-impedance is determined. The results indicate that the proposeddevice can improve the performances of piezoelectric actuation
Realization of an Inductance Scale Traceable to the Quantum Hall Effect  Using an Automated Synchronous Sampling System	2010	In this paper, the realization of an inductance scale from 1~$\mu$H to 10~Hfor frequencies ranging between 50~Hz to 20~kHz is presented. The scale isrealized directly from a series of resistance standards using a fully automatedsynchronous sampling system. A careful systematic characterization of thesystem shows that the lowest uncertainties, around 12~$\mu$H/H, are obtainedfor inductances in the range from 10~mH to 100~mH at frequencies in the kHzrange. This new measurement system which was successfully evaluated during aninternational comparison, provides a primary realization of the henry, directlytraceable to the quantum Hall effect. An additional key feature of this systemis its versatility. In addition to resistance-inductance (R-L) comparison, anykind of impedances can be compared: R-R, R-C, L-L or C-C, giving this samplingsystem a great potential of use in many laboratories around the world.
A low-power circuit for piezoelectric vibration control by synchronized  switching on voltage sources	2010	In the paper, a vibration damping system powered by harvested energy withimplementation of the so-called SSDV (synchronized switch damping on voltagesource) technique is designed and investigated. In the semi-passive approach,the piezoelectric element is intermittently switched from open-circuit tospecific impedance synchronously with the structural vibration. Due to thisswitching procedure, a phase difference appears between the strain induced byvibration and the resulting voltage, thus creating energy dissipation. Bysupplying the energy collected from the piezoelectric materials to theswitching circuit, a new low-power device using the SSDV technique is proposed.Compared with the original self-powered SSDI (synchronized switch damping oninductor), such a device can significantly improve its performance of vibrationcontrol. Its effectiveness in the single-mode resonant damping of a compositebeam is validated by the experimental results.
Quantum phase transition of dynamical resistance in a mesoscopic  capacitor	2010	We study theoretically dynamic response of a mesoscopic capacitor, whichconsists of a quantum dot connected to an electron reservoir via a pointcontact and capacitively coupled to a gate voltage. A quantum Hall edge statewith a filling factor nu is realized in a strong magnetic field appliedperpendicular to the two-dimensional electron gas. We discuss a noise-drivenquantum phase transition of the transport property of the edge state by takinginto account an ohmic bath connected to the gate voltage. Without the noise,the charge relaxation for nu>1/2 is universally quantized at R_q=h/(2e^2),while for nu<1/2, the system undergoes the Kosterlitz-Thouless transtion, whichdrastically changes the nature of the dynamical resistance. The phasetransition is facilitated by the noisy gate voltage, and we see that it canoccur even for an integer quantum Hall edge at nu=1. When the dissipation bythe noise is sufficiently small, the quantized value of R_q is shifted by thebath impedance.
Atom chips on direct bonded copper substrates	2010	We present the use of direct bonded copper (DBC) for the straightforwardfabrication of high power atom chips. Atom chips using DBC have severalbenefits: excellent copper/substrate adhesion, high purity, thick (> 100microns) copper layers, high substrate thermal conductivity, high aspect ratiowires, the potential for rapid (< 8 hr) fabrication, and three dimensional atomchip structures. Two mask options for DBC atom chip fabrication are presented,as well as two methods for etching wire patterns into the copper layer. Thewire aspect ratio that optimizes the magnetic field gradient as a function ofpower dissipation is determined to be 0.84:1 (height:width). The optimal wirethickness as a function of magnetic trapping height is also determined. A testchip, able to support 100 A of current for 2 s without failing, is used todetermine the thermal impedance of the DBC. An assembly using two DBC atomchips to provide magnetic confinement is also shown.
Anderson localisation in tight-binding models with flat bands	2010	We consider the effect of weak disorder on eigenstates in a special class oftight-binding models. Models in this class have short-range hopping on periodiclattices; their defining feature is that the clean systems have some energybands that are dispersionless throughout the Brillouin zone. We show thatstates derived from these flat bands are generically critical in the presenceof weak disorder, being neither Anderson localised nor spatially extended.Further, we establish a mapping between this localisation problem and the oneof resonances in random impedance networks, which previous work has suggestedare also critical. Our conclusions are illustrated using numerical results fora two-dimensional lattice, known as the square lattice with crossings or theplanar pyrochlore lattice.
Quantum-interference-controlled three-terminal molecular transistors  based on a single ring-shaped-molecule connected to graphene nanoribbon  electrodes	2010	"We study all-carbon-hydrogen molecular transistors where zigzag graphenenanoribbons play the role of three metallic electrodes connected to aring-shaped 18-annulene molecule. Using the nonequilibrium Green functionformalism combined with density functional theory, recently extended tomultiterminal devices, we show that the proposed nanostructures exhibitexponentially small transmission when the source and drain electrodes areattached in a configuration that ensures destructive interference of electronpaths around the ring. The third electrode, functioning either as an attachedinfinite-impedance voltage probe or as an ""air-bridge"" top gate covering halfof molecular ring, introduces dephasing that brings the transistor into the""on"" state with its transmission in the latter case approaching the maximumlimit for a single conducting channel device. The current through the latterdevice can also be controlled in the far-from-equilibrium regime by applying agate voltage."
Cryogenic Microwave Imaging of Metal-Insulator Transition in Doped  Silicon	2010	We report the instrumentation and experimental results of a cryogenicscanning microwave impedance microscope. The microwave probe and the scanningstage are located inside the variable temperature insert of a helium cryostat.Microwave signals in the distance modulation mode are used for monitoring thetip-sample distance and adjusting the phase of the two output channels. Theability to spatially resolve the metal-insulator transition in a doped siliconsample is demonstrated. The data agree with a semi-quantitative finite-elementsimulation. Effects of the thermal energy and electric fields on local chargecarriers can be seen in the images taken at different temperatures and DCbiases.
The complete Dirichlet-to-Neumann map for differential forms	2010	The Dirichlet-to-Neumann map for differential forms on a Riemannian manifoldwith boundary is a generalization of the classical Dirichlet-to-Neumann mapwhich arises in the problem of Electrical Impedance Tomography. We synthesizethe two different approaches to defining this operator by giving an invariantdefinition of the complete Dirichlet-to-Neumann map for differential forms interms of two linear operators {\Phi} and {\Psi}. The pair ({\Phi}, {\Psi}) isequivalent to Joshi and Lionheart's operator {\Pi} and determines Belishev andSharafutdinov's operator {\Lambda}. We show that the Betti numbers of themanifold are determined by {\Phi} and that {\Psi} determines a chain complexwhose homologies are explicitly related to the cohomology groups of themanifold.
Bloch-mode analysis for retrieving effective parameters of metamaterials	2010	We introduce a new approach for retrieving effective parameters ofmetamaterials based on the Bloch-mode analysis of quasi-periodic compositestructures. We demonstrate that, in the case of single-mode propagation, acomplex effective refractive index can be assigned to the structure, beingrestored by our method with a high accuracy. We employ both surface and volumeaveraging of the electromagnetic fields of the dominating (fundamental) Blochmodes to determine the Bloch and wave impedances, respectively. We discuss howthis method works for several characteristic examples, and demonstrate thatthis approach can be useful for retrieval of both material and wave effectiveparameters of a broad range of metamaterials.
2D and 3D reconstructions in acousto-electric tomography	2010	"We propose and test stable algorithms for the reconstruction of the internalconductivity of a biological object using acousto-electric measurements.Namely, the conventional impedance tomography scheme is supplemented byscanning the object with acoustic waves that slightly perturb the conductivityand cause the change in the electric potential measured on the boundary of theobject. These perturbations of the potential are then used as the data for thereconstruction of the conductivity. The present method does not rely on""perfectly focused"" acoustic beams. Instead, more realistic propagatingspherical fronts are utilized, and then the measurements that would correspondto perfect focusing are synthesized. In other words, we use \emph{syntheticfocusing}. Numerical experiments with simulated data show that our techniquesproduce high quality images, both in 2D and 3D, and that they remain accuratein the presence of high-level noise in the data. Local uniqueness and stabilityfor the problem also hold."
How to Create an Innovation Accelerator	2010	"Too many policy failures are fundamentally failures of knowledge. This hasbecome particularly apparent during the recent financial and economic crisis,which is questioning the validity of mainstream scholarly paradigms. We proposeto pursue a multi-disciplinary approach and to establish new institutionalsettings which remove or reduce obstacles impeding efficient knowledgecreation. We provided suggestions on (i) how to modernize and improve theacademic publication system, and (ii) how to support scientific coordination,communication, and co-creation in large-scale multi-disciplinary projects. Bothconstitute important elements of what we envision to be a novel ICTinfrastructure called ""Innovation Accelerator"" or ""Knowledge Accelerator""."
Dependence of the Macroscopic Quantum Tunneling Rate on Josephson  Junction Area	2010	We have carried out systematic Macroscopic Quantum Tunneling (MQT)experiments on Nb/Al-AlO_x/Nb Josephson junctions (JJs) of different areas.Employing on-chip lumped element inductors, we have decoupled the JJs fromtheir environmental line impedances at the frequencies relevant for MQT. Thisallowed us to study the crossover from the thermal to the quantum regime in thelow damping limit. A clear reduction of the crossover temperature withincreasing JJ size is observed and found to be in excellent agreement withtheory. All junctions were realized on the same chip and were thoroughlycharacterized before the quantum measurements.
First Principles Calculation of Field Emission from Carbon Nanotubes  With Nitrogen and Boron Doping	2010	We investigate the field emission properties of nitrogenated and boronatedcarbon nanotubes using time-dependent density functional theory, were the wavefunction propagation is performed using the Crank-Nicholson algorithm. Weextract the current-voltage characteristics of the emitted electrons fromnanotubes with different doping configurations. We found that boron dopingeither impedes, or slightly enhances, field emission. Nitrogen stronglyinfluences the emission current, and the current is sensitive to the locationof the nitrogen dopant in the nanotube. The emitted charge cloud from nitrogendoped carbon nanotubes is, however, more diffuse than that from pristine ones,our simulations show the emergence of a branching from the charge cloud, makingnitrogenated carbon nanotubes less convenient for use in narrow beamapplications.
Surface Majorana Cone of the Superfluid $^3$He B Phase	2010	The superfluid $^3$He B phase, one of the oldest unconventional fermioniccondensates experimentally realized, is recently predicted to support Majoranafermion surface states. Majorana fermion, which is characterized by theequivalence of particle and antiparticle, has a linear dispersion relationreferred to as the Majorana cone. We measured the transverse acoustic impedance$Z$ of the superfluid$^3$He B phase changing its boundary condition and found agrowth of peak in $Z$ on a higher specularity wall. Our theoretical analysisindicates that the variation of $Z$ is induced by the formation of thecone-like dispersion relation and thus confirms the important feature of theMajorana fermion in the specular limit.
Wirebond crosstalk and cavity modes in large chip mounts for  superconducting qubits	2010	We analyze the performance of a microwave chip mount that uses wirebonds toconnect the chip and mount grounds. A simple impedance ladder model predictsthat transmission crosstalk between two feedlines falls off exponentially withdistance at low frequencies, but rises to near unity above a resonancefrequency set by the chip to ground capacitance. Using SPICE simulations andexperimental measurements of a scale model, the basic predictions of the laddermodel were verified. In particular, by decreasing the capacitance between thechip and box grounds, the resonance frequency increased and transmissiondecreased. This model then influenced the design of a new mount that improvedthe isolation to -65 dB at 6 GHz, even though the chip dimensions wereincreased to 1 cm by 1 cm, 3 times as large as our previous devices. Wemeasured a coplanar resonator in this mount as preparation for larger qubitchips, and were able to identify cavity, slotline, and resonator modes.
Outflow boundary conditions for 3D simulations of non-periodic blood  flow and pressure fields in deformable arteries	2010	The simulation of blood flow and pressure in arteries requires outflowboundary conditions that incorporate models of downstream domains. Wepreviously described a coupled multidomain method to couple analytical modelsof the downstream domains with 3D numerical models of the upstream vasculature.This prior work either included pure resistance boundary conditions orimpedance boundary conditions based on assumed periodicity of the solution.However, flow and pressure in arteries are not necessarily periodic in time dueto heart rate variability, respiration, complex transitional flow or acutephysiological changes. We present herein an approach for prescribing lumpedparameter outflow boundary conditions that accommodate transient phenomena. Wehave applied this method to compute haemodynamic quantities in differentphysiologically relevant cardiovascular models, including patient-specificexamples, to study non-periodic flow phenomena often observed in normalsubjects and in patients with acquired or congenital cardiovascular disease.The relevance of using boundary conditions that accommodate transient phenomenacompared with boundary conditions that assume periodicity of the solution isdiscussed.
Enhanced Evanescent Field Spectroscopy at Waveguide Surfaces using High  Index Nano and Near-Nano Layers	2010	We propose and demonstrate, through simulation and experiment, how theinteraction of an optical field within a waveguide designed for chemicalsensing and, more generally, evanescent field spectroscopy can be enhancedsubstantially by strategic deposition of high index surface layers. Theselayers draw out the optical field in the vicinity of probing and take advantageof field localisation through optical impedance matching. Localisation of theevanescent field to the inner layer in turn is accompanied by whisperinggallery modes within the channels of a structured cylindrical waveguide,further enhancing sensitivity. A novel demonstration based on self-assembledlayers made up of TiO2 within a structured optical fibre is demonstrated, usinga simple porphyrin as the spectroscopic probe. This technique offersoptimisation of the limitations imposed on practical waveguide sensors that arehighly sensitive but nearly always at the expense of low loss. The principleshave potential ramifications for nanophotonics more generally and these arediscussed.
Skin layer of BiFeO3 single crystals	2010	"A surface layer (""skin"") that is functionally and structurally different fromthe bulk was found in single crystals of BiFeO3. Impedance analysis indicatesthat a previously reported anomaly at T* ~ 275 \pm 5 ^/circC corresponds to aphase transition confined at the surface of BiFeO3. X-ray photoelectronspectroscopy and X-ray diffraction as a function of both incidence angle andphoton wavelength unambiguously confirm the existence of a skin with anestimated skin depth of few nanometres, elongated out-of-plane latticeparameter, and lower electron density. Temperature-dependent x-ray diffractionhas revealed that the skin's out of plane lattice parameter changes abruptly atT*, while the bulk preserves an unfeatured linear thermal expansion. Thedistinct properties of the skin are likely to dominate in large surface tovolume ratios scenarios such as fine grained ceramics and thin films, andshould be particularly relevant for electronic devices that rely on interfacialcouplings such as exchange bias."
The role of interstitial gas in determining the impact response of  granular beds	2010	We examine the impact of a solid sphere into a fine-grained granular bed.Using high-speed X-ray radiography we track both the motion of the sphere andlocal changes in the bed packing fraction. Varying the initial packing densityas well as the ambient gas pressure, we find a complete reversal in the effectof interstitial gas on the impact response of the bed: The dynamic couplingbetween gas and grains allows for easier penetration in initially loose bedsbut impedes penetration in more densely packed beds. High-speed imaging of thelocal packing density shows that these seemingly incongruous effects have acommon origin in the resistance to bed packing changes caused by interstitialair.
Excitation of relaxation oscillations in a semiconductor superlattice by  incident waves: efficient terahertz harmonics generation	2010	Generation of terahertz harmonics by frequency multiplication with asemiconductor superlattice due to an excitation of relaxation oscillations byincident waves is investigated theoretically. It is shown that the relaxationoscillations excitation becomes feasible if the superlattice dc resistance islow enough in comparison with a characteristic radiation impedance of theexternal waveguide system. The power of the generated harmonics as a functionof the incident wave power demonstrates a threshold-like behavior at a specificinput power level dependent on the superlattice peak current. We demonstratethat for typical superlattice parameters the roll-of frequency of the generatedharmonics is mostly specified by the plasma frequency of electrons in asuperlattice miniband. We argue that an increase of the superlattice minibandwidths could essentially enhance both the efficiency and the spectral range ofthe generated terahertz harmonics.
Wave scattering by small bodies and creating materials with a desired  refraction coefficient	2010	Asymptotic solution to many-body wave scattering problem is given in the caseof many small scatterers. The small scatterers can be particles whose physicalproperties are described by the boundary impedances, or they can be smallinhomogeneities, whose physical properties are described by their refractioncoefficients. Equations for the effective field in the limiting medium arederived. The limit is considered as the size $a$ of the particles orinhomogeneities tends to zero while their number $M(a)$ tends to infinity.These results are applied to the problem of creating materials with a desiredrefraction coefficient. For example, the refraction coefficient may havewave-focusing property, or it may have negative refraction, i.e., the groupvelocity may be directed opposite to the phase velocity. This paper is a reviewof the author's results presented in MR2442305 (2009g:78016), MR2354140(2008g:82123), MR2317263 (2008a:35040), MR2362884 (2008j:78010), and containsnew results.
Electromagnetic wave scattering by a thin layer in which many small  particles are embedded	2010	Scattering of electromagnetic (EM) waves by many small particles (bodies),embedded in a thin layer, is studied. Physical properties of the particles aredescribed by their boundary impedances. The thin layer of depth of the order$O(a)$ with many embedded in it small particles of characteristic size $a$, isdescribed by a boundary condition on the surface of the layer. The limitinginterface boundary condition is obtained for the effective EM field in thelimiting medium, in the limit $a\to 0$, where the number $M(a)$ of theparticles tends to infinity at a suitable rate.
Electromagnetic tunneling through a single-negative slab paired with a  double-positive bi-layer	2010	We show that resonant tunneling of electromagnetic fields can occur through athree-layer structure composed of a single-negative (i.e., eithernegative-permittivity or negative-permeability) slab paired with bi-layer madeof double-positive (i.e., positive permittivity and permeability) media. Inparticular, one of the two double-positive media can be chosen arbitrarily(even vacuum), while the other may exhibit extreme (either near-zero or veryhigh) permittivity/permeability values. Our results on this counterintuitivetunneling phenomenon also demonstrate the possibility of synthesizingdouble-positive slabs that effectively exhibit single-negative-likewave-impedance properties within a moderately wide frequency range.
Network Non-neutrality Debate: An Economic Analysis	2010	This paper studies the economic utilities and the quality of service (QoS) ina two-sided non-neutral market where Internet service providers (ISPs) chargecontent providers (CPs) for the content delivery. We propose new models on atwo-sided market which involves a CP, an ISP, end users and advertisers. The CPmay have either the subscription revenue model (charging end users) or theadvertisement revenue model (charging advertisers). We formulate theinteractions between the ISP and the CP as a noncooperative game problem forthe former and an optimization problem for the latter. Our analysis shows thatthe revenue model of the CP plays a significant role in a non-neutral Internet.With the subscription model, both the ISP and the CP receive better (or worse)utilities as well as QoS in the presence of side payment at the same time.However, with the advertisement model, the side payment impedes the CP frominvesting on its contents.
Recent progress in hadronic tau decays	2011	The determination of alpha_s from hadronic tau decays is impeded by the factthat two choices for the renormalisation group resummation, namely fixed-order(FOPT) and contour-improved perturbation theory (CIPT), yield systematicallydiffering results. On the basis of a model for higher-order terms in theperturbative series, which incorporates well-known structure from renormalons,it is found that FOPT smoothly approaches the Borel sum for the tau hadronicwidth, while CIPT is unable to account for the resummed series. An example forthe behaviour of QCD spectral function moments, displaying a similar behaviour,is presented as well.
Laser-Shock Compression and Hugoniot Measurements of Liquid Hydrogen to  55 GPa	2011	The principal Hugoniot for liquid hydrogen was obtained up to 55 GPa underlaser-driven shock loading. Pressure and density of compressed hydrogen weredetermined by impedance-matching to a quartz standard. The shock temperaturewas independently measured from the brightness of the shock front. Hugoniotdata of hydrogen provide a good benchmark to modern theories of condensedmatter. The initial number density of liquid hydrogen is lower than that forliquid deuterium, and this results in shock compressed hydrogen having a highercompression and higher temperature than deuterium at the same shock pressure.
Fermi liquid theory applied to vibrating wire measurements in 3He-4He  mixtures	2011	We use Fermi liquid theory to study the mechanical impedance of 3He-4Hemixtures at low temperatures. The theory is applied to the case of vibratingwires, immersed in the liquid. We present numerical results based on a directsolution of Landau-Boltzmann equation for the 3He quasiparticle distributionfor the full scale of the quasiparticle mean-free-path. The two-fluid nature ofmixtures is taken into account in the theory, and the effect of Fermi liquidinteractions and boundary conditions are studied in detail. The results are infair quantitative agreement with experimental data. In particular, we canreproduce the anomalous decrease in inertia, observed in vibrating wireexperiments reaching the ballistic limit. The essential effect of theexperimental container and second-sound resonances is demonstrated.
Tunable coaxial cavity resonator for linear and nonlinear microwave  characterization of superconducting wires	2011	We discuss experimental results obtained using a tunable cylindrical coaxialcavity constituted by an outer Cu cylinder and an inner Pb-BSCCO wire. We haveused this device for investigating the microwave response of thesuperconducting wire, both in the linear and nonlinear regimes. In particular,by tuning the different modes of the cavity to make them resonant at exactlyharmonic frequencies, we have detected the power emitted by the superconductinginner wire at the second- and third-harmonic frequency of the driving field.The results obtained in the nonlinear regime, whether for the microwave surfaceimpedance or the harmonic emission, are qualitatively accounted for consideringintergrain fluxon dynamics. The use of this kind of device can be of stronginterest to investigate and characterise wires of large dimensions to be usedfor implementing superconducting-based microwave devices.
On the cutoff frequency of clarinet-like instruments. Geometrical versus  acoustical regularity	2011	A characteristic of woodwind instruments is the cutoff frequency of theirtone-hole lattice. Benade proposed a practical definition using the measurementof the input impedance, for which at least two frequency bands appear. Thefirst one is a stop band, while the second one is a pass band. The value ofthis frequency, which is a global quantity, depends on the whole geometry ofthe instrument, but is rather independent of the fingering. This seems tojustify the consideration of a woodwind with several open holes as a periodiclattice. However the holes on a clarinet are very irregular. The paperinvestigates the question of the acoustical regularity: an acoustically regularlattice of tone holes is defined as a lattice built with T-shaped cells ofequal eigenfrequencies. Then the paper discusses the possibility of division ofa real lattice into cells of equal eigenfrequencies. It is shown that it is notstraightforward but possible, explaining the apparent paradox of Benade'stheory. When considering the open holes from the input of the instrument to itsoutput, the spacings between holes are enlarged together with their radii: thisexplains the relative constancy of the eigenfrequencies.
Interfacial thermal transport in atomic junctions	2011	We study ballistic interfacial thermal transport across atomic junctions.Exact expressions for phonon transmission coefficients are derived for thermaltransport in one-junction and two-junction chains, and verified by numericalcalculation based on a nonequilibrium Green's function method. For asingle-junction case, we find that the phonon transmission coefficienttypically decreases monotonically with increasing freqency. However, in therange between equal frequency spectrum and equal acoustic impedance, itincreases first then decreases, which explains why the Kapitza resistancecalculated from the acoustic mismatch model is far larger than the experimentalvalues at low temperatures. The junction thermal conductance reaches a maximumwhen the interfacial coupling equals the harmonic average of the springconstants of the two semi-infinite chains. For three-dimensional junctions, inthe weak coupling limit, we find that the conductance is proportional to thesquare of the interfacial coupling, while for intermediate coupling strengththe conductance is approximately proportional to the interfacial couplingstrength. For two-junction chains, the transmission coefficient oscillates withthe frequency due to interference effects. The oscillations between the twoenvelop lines can be understood analytically, thus providing guidelines indesigning phonon frequency filters.
Transition Edge Sensor Thermometry for On-chip Materials  Characterization	2011	The next generation of ultra-low-noise cryogenic detectors for space scienceapplications require continued exploration of materials characteristics at lowtemperatures. The low noise and good energy sensitivity of current TransitionEdge Sensors (TESs) permits measurements of thermal parameters of mesoscopicsystems with unprecedented precision. We describe a radiometric technique fordifferential measurements of materials characteristics at low temperatures(below about 3K). The technique relies on the very broadband thermal radiationthat couples between impedance-matched resistors that terminate a Nbsuperconducting microstrip and the power exchanged is measured using a TES. Thecapability of the TES to deliver fast, time-resolved thermometry furtherexpands the parameter space: for example to investigate time-dependent heatcapacity. Thermal properties of isolated structures can be measured ingeometries that eliminate the need for complicating additional components suchas the electrical wires of the thermometer itself. Differential measurementsallow easy monitoring of temperature drifts in the cryogenic environment. Thetechnique is rapid to use and easily calibrated. Preliminary results will bediscussed.
Optimised low-loss multilayers for imaging with sub-wavelength  resolution in the visible wavelength range	2011	We optimise the effective skin-depth and resolution of Ag-TiO2, Ag-SrTiO3,and Ag-GaP multilayers for imaging with sub-wavelength resolution. In terms oftransmission and resolution the optimised multilayers outperform simple designsbased on combined use of effective medium theory, impedance matching andFabry-Perot resonances. For instance, an optimised Ag-GaP multilayer consistingof only 17 layers, operating at the wavelength of 490 nm and having a totalthickness equal to one wavelength, combines 78% intensity transmission with aresolution of 60 nm. It is also shown that use of the effective medium theoryleads to sub-optimal multilayer designs with respect to the trade-off betweenthe skin depth and resolution already when the period of the structure is onthe order of 40 nm or larger.
Consciousness Viewed in the Framework of Brain Phase Space Dynamics,  Criticality, and the Renormalization Group	2011	To set the stage for viewing Consciousness in terms of brain phase spacedynamics and criticality, I will first review currently prominent theoreticalconceptualizations and, where appropriate, identify ill-advised and flawednotions in Theoretical Neuroscience that may impede viewing Consciousness as aphenomenon in Physics. I will furthermore introduce relevant facts that tendnot to receive adequate attention in much of the current Consciousnessdiscourse. As a new approach to conceptualizing Consciousness, I proposeconsidering it as a collective achievement of the brain' s complex neuraldynamics that is amenable to study in the framework of state space dynamics andcriticality. In Physics, concepts of phase space transitions and theRenormalization Group are powerful tools for interpreting phenomena involvingmany scales of length and time in complex systems. The significance of theseconcepts lies in their accounting for the emergence of different levels of newcollective behaviors in complex systems, each level with its distinct ontology,organization and laws, as a new pattern of reality. The presumption of thisproposal is that the subjectivity of Consciousness is the epistemicinterpretation of a level of reality that originates in phase transitions ofthe brain-body-environment system.
Ionic Coulomb Blockade in Nanopores	2011	Understanding the dynamics of ions in nanopores is essential for applicationsranging from single-molecule detection to DNA sequencing. We show bothanalytically and by means of molecular dynamics simulations that under specificconditions ion-ion interactions in nanopores lead to the phenomenon of ionicCoulomb blockade, namely the build-up of ions inside a nanopore with specificcapacitance impeding the flow of additional ions due to Coulomb repulsion. Thisis the counterpart of electronic Coulomb blockade observed in mesoscopicsystems. We discuss the analogies and differences with the electronic case aswell as experimental situations in which this phenomenon could be detected.
Anomalous Temperature Dependence of the Superfluid Density Caused by  Dirty-to-Clean Crossover in FeSe$_{0.4}$Te$_{0.6}$ Single Crystals	2011	We report microwave surface impedances of FeSe$_{0.4}$Te$_{0.6}$ singlecrystals measured at 12, 19, and 44 GHz. The penetration depth exhibits a powerlaw behavior, $\delta \lambda_L=\lambda_L (T)-\lambda_L (0) \propto CT^n$ withan exponent $n\simeq 2$, which is considered to result from impurityscattering. This behavior is consistent with $s\pm$-wave pairing symmetry. Thetemperature dependence of the superfluid density largely deviates from thebehavior expected in the BCS theory. We believe that this deviation is causedby the crossover from the dirty regime near $T_c$ to the clean regime at lowtemperatures, which is supported by the rapid increase of the quasiparticlescattering time obtained from the microwave conductivity. We also believe thatthe previously published data of the superfluid density can be interpreted inthis scenario.
Proton diffusivity in the BaZr0.9Y0.1O3- proton conductor	2011	The thermally activated proton diffusion in BaZr0.9Y0.1O3-{\delta} wasstudied with electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (IS) and quasi-elasticneutron scattering (QENS) in the temperature range from 300 K to 900 K. Thediffusivities for the bulk material and the grain boundaries as obtained by ISobey an Arrhenius law with activation energies of 0.46 eV and 1.21 eV,respectively. The activation energies obtained by IS for the bulk are 0.26 eVabove 700 K and 0.46 eV, below 700 K. The total diffusivity as obtained by ISis by one order of magnitude lower than the microscopic diffusivity as obtainedby QENS. The activation energies obtained by QENS are 0.13 eV above 700 K and0.04 eV, below 700 K. At about 700 K, the diffusion constants for IS and QENShave a remarkable crossover, suggesting two processes with different activationenergies.
Towards the observation of phase locked Bloch oscillations in arrays of  small Josephson junctions	2011	We have designed an experiment and performed extensive simulations andpreliminary measurements to identify a set of realistic circuit parameters thatshould allow the observation of constant-current steps at I=2ef in short arraysof small Josephson junctions under external AC drive of frequency f.Observation of these steps demonstrating phase lock of the Bloch oscillationswith the external drive requires a high-impedance environment for the array,which is provided by on-chip resistors close to the junctions. We show that thewidth and shape of the steps crucially depend on the shape of the drive and theelectron temperature in the resistors.
Millimeter-wave study of London penetration depth temperature dependence  in Ba(Fe0.926Co0.074)2As2 single crystal	2011	In-plane surface Ka-band microwave impedance of optimally doped singlecrystals of the Fe-based superconductor Ba(Fe0.926Co0.074)2As2 (Tc= 22.8K) wasmeasured. Sensitive sapphire disk quasi-optical resonator with high-Tc cuprateconducting endplates was developed specially for Fe-pnictide superconductors.It allowed finding temperature variation of London penetration depth in a formof power law, namely \Delta \lambda (T)~ Tn with n = 2.8 from low temperaturesup to at least 0.6Tc consisted with radio-frequency measurements. This exponentpoints towards nodeless state with pairbreaking scattering, which can supportone of the extended s-pairing symmetries. The dependence \lambda(T) at lowtemperatures is well described by one superconducting small-gap (\Delta \cong0.75 in kTc units, where k is Boltzman coefficient) exponential dependence.
High frequency magnetic behavior through the magnetoimpedance effect in  CoFeB/(Ta, Ag, Cu) multilayered ferromagnetic thin films	2011	We studied the dynamics of magnetization through an investigation of themagnetoimpedance effect in CoFeB/(Ta, Ag, Cu) multilayered thin films grown bymagnetron sputtering. Impedance measurements were analyzed in terms of themechanisms responsible for their variations at different frequency intervalsand the magnetic and structural properties of the multilayers. Analysis of themechanisms responsible for magnetoimpedance according to frequency and externalmagnetic field showed that for the CoFeB/Cu multilayer, ferromagnetic resonance(FMR) contributes significantly to the magnetoimpedance effect at frequenciesclose to 470 MHz. This frequency is low when compared to the results obtainedfor CoFeB/Ta and CoFeB/Ag multilayers and is a result of the anisotropydistribution and non-formation of regular bilayers in this sample. The MImaxvalues occurred at different frequencies according to the used non-magneticmetal. Variations between 25% and 30% were seen for a localized frequency band,as in the case of CoFeB/Ta and CoFeB/Ag, as well as for a wide frequency range,in the case of CoFeB/Cu.
Enhanced Optical Dichroism of Graphene Nanoribbons	2011	The optical conductivity of graphene nanoribbons is analytical and exactlyderived. It is shown that the absence of translation invariance along thetransverse direction allows considerable intra-band absorption in a narrowfrequency window that varies with the ribbon width, and lies in the THz rangedomain for ribbons 10-100nm wide. In this spectral region the absorptionanisotropy can be as high as two orders of magnitude, which renders the mediumstrongly dichroic, and allows for a very high degree of polarization (up to~85) with just a single layer of graphene. The effect is resilient to levelbroadening of the ribbon spectrum potentially induced by disorder. Using acavity for impedance enhancement, or a stack of few layer nanoribbons, thesevalues can reach almost 100%. This opens a potential prospect of employinggraphene ribbon structures as efficient polarizers in the far IR and THzfrequencies.
Matrix method analysis of quantum Hall effect device connections	2011	The modelling of electrical connections of single, or several, multiterminalquantum Hall effect (QHE) devices is relevant for electrical metrology: it isknown, in fact, that certain particular connections allow i) the realization ofmultiples or fractions of the quantised resistance, or ii) the rejection ofstray impedances, so that the configuration maintains the status of quantumstandard. Ricketts-Kemeny and Delahaye equivalent circuits are known to beaccurate models of the QHE: however, the numerical or analytical solution ofelectrical networks including these equivalent circuits can be difficult. Inthis paper, we introduce a method of analysis based on the representation of aQHE device by means of the \emph{indefinite admittance matrix}: externalconnections are then represented with another matrix, easily written byinspection. Some examples, including the solution of double- and triple-seriesconnections, are shown.
MAC Centered Cooperation - Synergistic Design of Network Coding,  Multi-Packet Reception, and Improved Fairness to Increase Network Throughput	2011	We design a cross-layer approach to aid in develop- ing a cooperativesolution using multi-packet reception (MPR), network coding (NC), and mediumaccess (MAC). We construct a model for the behavior of the IEEE 802.11 MACprotocol and apply it to key small canonical topology components and theirlarger counterparts. The results obtained from this model match the availableexperimental results with fidelity. Using this model, we show that fairnessallocation by the IEEE 802.11 MAC can significantly impede performance; hence,we devise a new MAC that not only substantially improves throughput, butprovides fairness to flows of information rather than to nodes. We show thatcooperation between NC, MPR, and our new MAC achieves super-additive gains ofup to 6.3 times that of routing with the standard IEEE 802.11 MAC. Furthermore,we extend the model to analyze our MAC's asymptotic and throughput behaviors asthe number of nodes increases or the MPR capability is limited to only a singlenode. Finally, we show that although network performance is reduced undersubstantial asymmetry or limited implementation of MPR to a central node, thereare some important practical cases, even under these conditions, where MPR, NC,and their combination provide significant gains.
A mathematical model and inversion procedure for  Magneto-Acousto-Electric Tomography (MAET)	2011	Magneto-Acousto-Electric Tomography (MAET), also known as the Lorentz forceor Hall effect tomography, is a novel hybrid modality designed to be ahigh-resolution alternative to the unstable Electrical Impedance Tomography. Inthe present paper we analyze existing mathematical models of this method, andpropose a general procedure for solving the inverse problem associated withMAET. It consists in applying to the data one of the algorithms ofThermo-Acoustic tomography, followed by solving the Neumann problem for theLaplace equation and the Poisson equation.  For the particular case when the region of interest is a cube, we present anexplicit series solution resulting in a fast reconstruction algorithm. As weshow, both analytically and numerically, MAET is a stable technique yileldinghigh-resolution images even in the presence of significant noise in the data.
Efficient Generation of Jets from Magnetically Arrested Accretion on a  Rapidly Spinning Black Hole	2011	We describe global, 3D, time-dependent, non-radiative, general-relativistic,magnetohydrodynamic simulations of accreting black holes (BHs). The simulationsare designed to transport a large amount of magnetic flux to the center, morethan the accreting gas can force into the BH. The excess magnetic flux remainsoutside the BH, impedes accretion, and leads to a magnetically arrested disc.We find powerful outflows. For a BH with spin parameter a = 0.5, the efficiencywith which the accretion system generates outflowing energy in jets and windsis eta ~ 30%. For a = 0.99, we find eta ~ 140%, which means that more energyflows out of the BH than flows in. The only way this can happen is byextracting spin energy from the BH. Thus the a = 0.99 simulation represents anunambiguous demonstration, within an astrophysically plausible scenario, of theextraction of net energy from a spinning BH via the Penrose-Blandford-Znajekmechanism. We suggest that magnetically arrested accretion might explainobservations of active galactic nuclei with apparent eta ~ few x 100%.
Voltage modulated electro-luminescence spectroscopy and negative  capacitance - the role of sub-bandgap states in light emitting devices	2011	Voltage modulated electroluminescence spectra and low frequency ({\leq} 100kHz) impedance characteristics of electroluminescent diodes are studied.Voltage modulated light emission tracks the onset of observed negativecapacitance at a forward bias level for each modulation frequency. Activeparticipation of sub-bandgap defect states in minority carrier recombinationdynamics is sought to explain the results. Negative capacitance is understoodas a necessary dielectric response to compensate any irreversible transientchanges in the minority carrier reservoir due to radiative recombinationsmediated by slowly responding sub-bandgap defects. Experimentally measuredvariations of the in-phase component of modulated electroluminescence spectrawith forward bias levels and modulation frequencies support the dynamicinfluence of these states in the radiative recombination process. Predominantnegative sign of the in-phase component of voltage modulatedelectroluminescence signal further confirms the bi-molecular nature of lightemission. We also discuss how these states can actually affect the net densityof minority carriers available for radiative recombination. Results indicatethat these sub-bandgap states can suppress external quantum efficiency of suchdevices under high frequency operation commonly used in optical communication.
An analysis method for asymmetric resonator transmission applied to  superconducting devices	2011	We examine the transmission through nonideal microwave resonant circuits. Thegeneral analytical resonance line shape is derived for both inductive andcapacitive coupling with mismatched input and output transmission impedances,and it is found that for certain non-ideal conditions the line shape isasymmetric. We describe an analysis method for extracting an accurate internalquality factor ($Q_i$), the Diameter Correction Method (DCM), and compare it tothe conventional method used for millikelvin resonator measurements, the $\phi$Rotation Method ($\phi$RM). We analytically find that the $\phi$RMdeterministically overestimates $Q_i$ when the asymmetry of the resonance lineshape is high, and that this error is eliminated with the DCM. A consistentdiscrepancy between the two methods is observed when they are used to analyzeboth simulations from a numerical linear solver and data from asymmetriccoplanar superconducting thin-film resonators.
Moving liquids with light: Photoelectrowetting on semiconductors	2011	"Liquid transport in microchip-based systems is important in many areas suchas Laboratory-on-a-chip, Microfluidics and Optofluidics. Actuation of liquidsin such systems is usually achieved using either mechanical displacement11 orvia energy conversion e.g. electrowetting which modifies wetting. However, atthe moment there is no clear way of actuating a liquid using light. Here, bylinking semiconductor physics and wetting phenomenon a brand new effect""photoelectrowetting"" is demonstrated for a droplet of conducting liquidresting on an insulator-semiconductor stack. Optical generation of carriers inthe space-charge region of the underlying semiconductor alters the capacitanceof the insulator-semiconductor stack; the result of this is a modification ofthe wetting contact angle of the droplet upon illumination. The effect isdemonstrated using commercial silicon wafers, both n- and p-type having adoping range spanning four orders of magnitude (6\times1014-8\times1018 cm-3),coated with a commercial fluoropolymer insulating film (Teflon\textregistered).Impedance measurements confirm that the observations are semiconductorspace-charge related effects. The impact of the work could lead to newsilicon-based technologies in the above mentioned areas."
Scattering mechanism in a step-modulated subwavelength metal slit: a  multi-mode multi-reflection analysis	2011	In this paper, the scattering/transmission inside a step-modulatedsubwavelength metal slit is investigated in detail. We firstly investigate thescattering in a junction structure by two types of structural changes. Thevariation of transmission and reflection coefficients depending on structuralparameters are analyzed. Then a multi-mode multi-reflection model based on raytheory is proposed to illustrate the transmission in the step-modulated slitexplicitly. The key parts of this model are the multi-mode excitation and thesuperposition procedure of the scatterings from all possible modes, whichrepresent the interference and energy transfer happened at interfaces. Themethod we use is an improved modal expansion method (MEM), which is a morepractical and efficient version compared with the previous one [Opt. Express19, 10073 (2011)]. In addition, some commonly used methods, FDTD, scatteringmatrix method, and improved characteristic impedance method, are compared withMEM to highlight the preciseness of these methods.
The use of Reverse Micelles in Downstream Processing of Biotechnological  Products	2011	This paper aims to discuss the use of reverse micelles in downstreamprocessing of biotechnological products. The interest in this technology ispiqued firstly by various advantages of a liquid-liquid extraction process,among which are cost effectiveness, and ease of scaling up and implementing acontinuous process for whole broth processing. The use of reverse micelles isthought to be among the most promising due to the high efficiency andselectivity being achieved in some systems. However, there are various issuesthat have impeded the widespread use of reverse micelles such as theidentification and development of suitable surfactants and ligands; as well asdifficulties in the back extraction process. These issues, as well as latestdevelopments and applications of reverse micelles in downstream processing ofbiotechnological products will be discussed in this paper.
Collective Effect Studies of a Beta Beam Decay Ring	2011	The Beta Beam, the concept of generating a pure and intense (anti) neutrinobeam by letting accelerated radioactive ions beta decay in a storage ringcalled the Decay Ring (DR), is the basis of one of the proposed next generationneutrino oscillation facilities, necessary for a complete study of the neutrinooscillation parameter space. Sensitivities of the unknown neutrino oscillationparameters depend on the DR's ion intensity and of its duty factor (the filledratio of the ring). Different methods, including analytical calculations andmultiparticle tracking simulations, were used to estimate the DR's potential tocontain enough ions in as small a part of the ring as needed for thesensitivities. Studies of transverse blow up of the beams due to resonance wakefields show that a very challenging upper limit of the transverse broadbandimpedance is required to avoid instabilities and beam loss.
Fractional Parallel Plate DB Waveguides Using Fractional Curl Operator	2011	DB boundary conditions have been simulated in terms of perfect electricconductor (PEC) boundary for transverse electric modes and perfect magneticconductor (PMC) for transverse magnetic modes. Electric and magnetic fieldsinside the dielectric region of a parallel plate DB boundary waveguide havebeen derived and fractional curl operator has been utilized to study thefractional parallel plate DB waveguide. Field behavior as well as transverseimpedance of the guide walls have been studied with respect to the fractionalparameter describing the order of fractional curl operator. The results arealso compared with the corresponding results for fractional waveguides with PECwalls.
Quantum phase slip interference device based on superconducting nanowire	2011	We propose a transistor-like circuit including two serially connectedsegments of a narrow superconducting nanowire joint by a wider segment with acapacitively coupled gate in between. This circuit is made of amorphous NbSifilm and embedded in a network of on-chip Cr microresistors ensuring asufficiently high external electromagnetic impedance. Assuming a virtual regimeof quantum phase slips (QPS)in two narrow segments of the wire, leading toquantum interference of voltages on these segments, this circuit is dual to thedc SQUID. Our samples demonstrated appreciable Coulomb blockade voltage (analogof critical current of the SQUIDs) and periodic modulation of this blockade byan electrostatic gate (analog of flux modulation in the SQUIDs). The model ofthis QPS transistor is discussed.
Reconstructing conductivities with boundary corrected D-bar method	2011	The aim of electrical impedance tomography is to form an image of theconductivity distribution inside an unknown body using electric boundarymeasurements. The computation of the image from measurement data is anon-linear ill-posed inverse problem and calls for a special regularizedalgorithm. One such algorithm, the so-called D-bar method, is improved in thiswork by introducing new computational steps that remove the so far necessaryrequirement that the conductivity should be constant near the boundary. Thenumerical experiments presented suggest two conclusions. First, for mostconductivities arising in medical imaging, it seems the previous approach ofusing a best possible constant near the boundary is sufficient. Second, forconductivities that have high contrast features at the boundary, the newapproach produces reconstructions with smaller quantitative error and withbetter visual quality.
Imaging of the Coulomb driven quantum Hall edge states	2011	The edges of a two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) in the quantum Hall effect(QHE) regime are divided into alternating metallic and insulating strips, withtheir widths determined by the energy gaps of the QHE states and theelectrostatic Coulomb interaction. Local probing of these submicrometerfeatures, however, is challenging due to the buried 2DEG structures. Using anewly developed microwave impedance microscope, we demonstrate the real-spaceconductivity mapping of the edge and bulk states. The sizes, positions, andfield dependence of the edge strips around the sample perimeter agreequantitatively with the self-consistent electrostatic picture. The evolution ofmicrowave images as a function of magnetic fields provides rich microscopicinformation around the \nu = 2 QHE state.
New global stability estimates for the Caldern problem in two  dimensions	2011	We prove a new global stability estimate for the Gel'fand-Calder\'on inverseproblem on a two-dimensional bounded domain or, more precisely, the inverseboundary value problem for the equation $-\Delta \psi + v\, \psi = 0$ on $D$,where $v$ is a smooth real-valued potential of conductivity type defined on abounded planar domain $D$. The principal feature of this estimate is that itshows that the more a potential is smooth, the more its reconstruction isstable, and the stability varies exponentially with respect to the smoothness(in a sense to be made precise). As a corollary we obtain a similar estimatefor the Calder\'on problem for the electrical impedance tomography.
Comparative Wakefield Analysis of a First Prototype of a DDS Structure  for CLIC Main Linac	2011	A Damped Detuned Structure (DDS) for CLIC main linac has been proposed as analternative to the present baseline design which is based on heavy damping. Afirst prototype, CLIC_DDS_A, for high power tests has been already designed andis under construction. It is also foreseen to design a further prototype,CLIC_DDS_B, to test both the wakefield suppression and high power performances.Wakefield calculations for DDS are, in the early design stage, based on singleinfinitely periodic cells. Though cell-to-cell interaction is taken intoaccount to calculate the wakefields, it is important to study full structureproperties using computational tools. In particular this is fundamental fordefining the input parameters for the HOM coupler that is crucial for theperformances of DDS. In the following a full analysis of wakefields andimpedances based on simulations conducted with finite difference basedelectromagnetic computer code GdfidL will be presented.
Overlapping-gate architecture for silicon Hall bar MOSFET devices in the  low electron density and high magnetic field regime	2011	A common issue in low temperature measurements of enhancement-modemetal-oxide-semiconductor (MOS) field-effect transistors (FETs) in the lowelectron density regime is the high contact resistance dominating the deviceimpedance. In that case a voltage bias applied across the source and draincontact of a Hall bar MOSFET will mostly fall across the contacts (and notacross the channel) and therefore magneto-transport measurements becomechallenging. However, from a physical point of view, the study of MOSFETnanostructures in the low electron density regime is very interesting (impuritylimited mobility [1], carrier interactions [2,3] and spin-dependent transport[4]) and it is therefore important to come up with solutions [5,6] that workaround the problem of a high contact resistance in such devices (c.f. Fig. 1(a)).
Inverse diffusion from knowledge of power densities	2011	This paper concerns the reconstruction of a diffusion coefficient in anelliptic equation from knowledge of several power densities. The power densityis the product of the diffusion coefficient with the square of the modulus ofthe gradient of the elliptic solution. The derivation of such internalfunctionals comes from perturbing the medium of interest by acoustic (plane)waves, which results in small changes in the diffusion coefficient. Afterappropriate asymptotic expansions and (Fourier) transformation, this allow usto construct the power density of the equation point-wise inside the domain.Such a setting finds applications in ultrasound modulated electrical impedancetomography and ultrasound modulated optical tomography.  We show that the diffusion coefficient can be uniquely and stablyreconstructed from knowledge of a sufficient large number of power densities.Explicit expressions for the reconstruction of the diffusion coefficient arealso provided. Such results hold for a large class of boundary conditions forthe elliptic equation in the two-dimensional setting. In three dimensions, theresults are proved for a more restrictive class of boundary conditionsconstructed by means of complex geometrical optics solutions.
Perfect coupling of light to surface plasmons by coherent absorption	2011	We show theoretically that coherent light can be completely absorbed in atwo-dimensional or three-dimensional metallic nanostructure by matching thefrequency and field pattern of an incident wave to that of a localized surfaceplasmon resonance. This can be regarded as critical coupling to anano-plasmonic cavity, or as an extension of the concept of time-reversed laserto the spaser. Light scattering is completely suppressed via impedance matchingto the nano-objects, and the energy of incoming wave is fully transferred tosurface plasmon oscillations and evanescent electromagnetic fields. Perfectcoupling of light to nanostructures has potential applications to nanoscaleprobing as well as background-free spectroscopy and ultrasensitive detection ofenvironmental changes.
Affine nonmagnetic transformation optics and its application to a  practical bending adapter design	2011	One of the bottlenecks that limit the transition of transformation-opticsdevices from concepts to practical use is the non-unit magnetic permeabilitygenerally required from a mathematical transformation. Simple renormalizationof permeability, as used in many previous designs and experiments, introducesimpedance mismatch and thus degrades the functional photonic performance. Herewe propose an area-preserving affine coordinate transformation as a generalmethod to solve this problem. Ideal transformation-optics functions can bepreserved while nonmagnetism is achieved. As a specific example, we illustratehow to apply this affine method into the design of a two-dimensionalelectromagnetic beam bending adapter. Concerns related to fabrication, such asanisotropy degree and bending angles, are fully discussed. Our study is asignificant step toward practical use of ideal transformation optics devicesthat can be implemented directly with existing dielectric materials.
Eliminating the eta-problem in SUGRA Hybrid Inflation with Vector  Backreaction	2011	It is shown that, when the inflaton field modulates the gauge kineticfunction of the gauge fields in supergravity realisations of inflation, thedynamic backreaction leads to a new inflationary attractor solution, in whichthe inflaton's variation suffers additional impedance. As a result, slow-rollinflation can naturally occur along directions of the scalar potential whichwould be too steep and curved to support it otherwise. This provides a genericsolution to the infamous eta-problem of inflation in supergravity. Moreover, itis shown that, in the new inflationary attractor, the spectral index of thegenerated curvature perturbations is kept mildly red despite eta of orderunity. The above findings are applied to a model of hybrid inflation issupergravity with a generic Kaehler potential. The spectral index of thegenerated curvature perturbations is found to be 0.97 - 0.98, in excellentagreement with observations. The gauge field can play the role of the vectorcurvaton after inflation but observable statistical anisotropy requiressubstantial tuning of the gauge coupling.
Proton radioactivity half lives with Skyrme interactions	2011	The potential barrier impeding the spontaneous emission of protons in theproton radioactive nuclei is calculated as the sum of nuclear, Coulomb andcentrifugal contributions. The nuclear part of the proton-nucleus interactionpotential is obtained in the energy density formalism using Skyrme effectiveinteraction that results into a simple algebraic expression. The half-lives ofthe proton emitters are calculated for the different Skyrme sets within theimproved WKB framework. The results are found to be in reasonable agreementwith the earlier results obtained for more complicated calculations involvingfinite range interactions.
Normal metal - superconductor decoupling as a source of thermal  fluctuation noise in transition-edge sensors	2011	We have studied the origin of excess noise in superconducting transition-edgesensors (TES) with several different detector designs. We show that most of theobserved noise and complex impedance features can be explained by a thermalmodel consisting of three bodies. We suggest that one of the thermal blocks andthe corresponding thermal fluctuation noise arises due to the high-frequencythermal decoupling of the normal and superconducting phase regions inside theTES film. Our results are also consistent with the prediction that in thinbilayer proximitized superconductors, the jump in heat capacity at the criticaltemperature is smaller than the universal BCS theory result.
Superconducting properties of single-crystalline A_{x}Fe_{2-y}Se_{2}  (A=Rb, K) studied using muon spin spectroscopy	2011	We report on the superconducting properties of A_{x}Fe_{2-y}Se_{2} (A = Rb,K) single crystals studied with the muon spin relaxation or rotation (\muSR)technique. At low temperatures, close to 90% of the sample volumes exhibitlarge-moment magnetic order which impedes the investigation of theirsuperconducting properties by \muSR. On the other hand, about 10% of the samplevolumes remain paramagnetic and clearly show a superconducting response. Thetemperature dependence of the superconducting carrier density was analyzedwithin the framework of a single s-wave gap scenario. The zero-temperaturevalues of the in-plane magnetic penetration depths \lambda_{ab}(0) = 258(2) and225(2) nm and the superconducting gaps \Delta(0) = 7.7(2) and 6.3(2) meV havebeen determined for A = Rb and K, respectively. The microscopic coexistenceand/or phase separation of superconductivity and magnetism is discussed.
Theory of the ac spin-valve effect	2011	The spin-valve complex magnetoimpedance of symmetric ferromagnet/normalmetal/ferromagnet junctions is investigated within the drift-diffusion(standard) model of spin injection. The ac magnetoresistance---the real partdifference of the impedances of the parallel and antiparallel magnetizationconfigurations---exhibits an overall damped oscillatory behavior, as aninterplay of the diffusion and spin relaxation times. In wide junctions the acmagnetoresistance oscillates between positive and negative values, reflectingresonant amplification and depletion of the spin accumulation, while the lineshape for thin tunnel junctions is predicted to be purely Lorentzian. The acspin-valve effect could be a technique to extract spin transport and spinrelaxation parameters in the absence of a magnetic field and for a fixed samplesize.
Cooperative Network Navigation: Fundamental Limit and its Geometrical  Interpretation	2011	Localization and tracking of moving nodes via network navigation gives riseto a new paradigm, where nodes exploit both temporal and spatial cooperation toinfer their positions based on intra- and inter-node measurements. While suchcooperation can significantly improve the performance, it imposes intricateinformation processing that impedes network design and operation. In thispaper, we establish a theoretical framework for cooperative network navigationand determine the fundamental limits of navigation accuracy using equivalentFisher information analysis. We then introduce the notion of carry-overinformation, and provide a geometrical interpretation of the navigationinformation and its evolution in time. Our framework unifies the navigationinformation obtained from temporal and spatial cooperation, leading to a deepunderstanding of information evolution in the network and benefit ofcooperation.
Magnetodielectric behavior in La2CoMnO6 nanoparticles	2012	We have investigated magnetic, dielectric and magnetodielectric properties ofLa2CoMnO6 nanoparticles prepared by sol-gel method. Magnetization measurementsrevealed two distinct ferromagnetic transitions at 218 K and 135 K that can beassigned to ordered and disordered magnetic phases of the La2CoMnO6nanoparticles. Two dielectric relaxations culminating around the magnetictransitions were observed with a maximum magnetodielectric response reaching10% and 8% at the respective relaxation peaks measured at 100 kHz under 5Tmagnetic field. The dc electrical resistivity followed an insulating behaviorand showed a negative magnetoresistance; there was no noticeable anomaly inresistivity or magnetoresistance near the magnetic ordering temperatures.Complex impedance analysis revealed a clear intrinsic contribution to themagnetodielectric response; however, extrinsic contribution due toMaxwell-Wagner effect combined with magnetoresistance property dominated themagnetodielectric effect at high temperatures.
Odd-frequency Cooper pairs and zero-energy surface bound states in  superfluid 3He	2012	We study the odd-frequency Cooper pairs formed near the surface of superfluid3He. The odd-frequency pair amplitude is closely related to the local densityof states in the low energy limit. We derive a formula relating explicitly thetwo quantities. This formula holds for arbitrary boundary condition at thesurface. We also present some numerical results on the surface odd-frequencypair amplitude in superfluid 3He-B. Those analytical and numerical resultsallow one to interpret the midgap surface density of states, observed recentlyby transverse acoustic impedance measurements on superfluid 3He-B, as themanifestation of the surface odd-frequency state.
Recommender Systems	2012	The ongoing rapid expansion of the Internet greatly increases the necessityof effective recommender systems for filtering the abundant information.Extensive research for recommender systems is conducted by a broad range ofcommunities including social and computer scientists, physicists, andinterdisciplinary researchers. Despite substantial theoretical and practicalachievements, unification and comparison of different approaches are lacking,which impedes further advances. In this article, we review recent developmentsin recommender systems and discuss the major challenges. We compare andevaluate available algorithms and examine their roles in the futuredevelopments. In addition to algorithms, physical aspects are described toillustrate macroscopic behavior of recommender systems. Potential impacts andfuture directions are discussed. We emphasize that recommendation has a greatscientific depth and combines diverse research fields which makes it ofinterests for physicists as well as interdisciplinary researchers.
QED calculation of the nuclear magnetic shielding for hydrogen-like ions	2012	We report an ab initio calculation of the shielding of the nuclear magneticmoment by the bound electron in hydrogen-like ions. This investigation takesinto account several effects that have not been calculated before (electronself-energy, vacuum polarization, nuclear magnetization distribution), thusbringing the theory to the point where further progress is impeded by theuncertainty due to nuclear-structure effects. The QED corrections arecalculated to all orders in the nuclear binding strength parameter and,independently, to the leading order in the expansion in this parameter. Theresults obtained lay the ground for the high-precision determination of nuclearmagnetic dipole moments from measurements of the g-factor of hydrogen-likeions.
Present status of development of damping ring extraction kicker system  for CLIC	2012	The CLIC damping rings will produce ultra-low emittance beam, with high bunchcharge, necessary for the luminosity performance of the collider. To limit thebeam emittance blow-up due to oscillations, the pulse power modulators for thedamping ring kickers must provide extremely flat, high-voltage pulses:specifications call for a 160 ns duration and a flattop of 12.5 kV, 250 A, witha combined ripple and droop of not more than \pm0.02 %. The stripline design isalso extremely challenging: the field for the damping ring kicker system mustbe homogenous to within \pm0.01 % over a 1 mm radius, and low beam couplingimpedance is required. The solid-state modulator, the inductive adder, is avery promising approach to meeting the demanding specifications for the fieldpulse ripple and droop. This paper describes the initial design of theinductive adder and the striplines of the kicker system.
Oxygen-vacancy-related relaxation and scaling behaviors of  Bi0.9La0.1Fe0.98Mg0.02O3 (La,Mg-codoped BiFeO3) ferroelectric thin film	2012	Oxygen-vacancies-related dielectric relaxation and scaling behaviors ofBi0.9La0.1Fe0.98Mg0.02O3 (BLFM) thin film have been investigated bytemperature-dependent impedance spectroscopy from 40 oC up to 200 oC. We foundthat hopping electrons and single-charged oxygen vacancies (VO.) coexist in theBLFM thin film and make contribution to dielectric response of grain and grainboundary respectively. The activation energy for VO. is shown to be 0.94 eV inthe whole temperature range investigated, whereas the distinct activationenergies for electrons are 0.136 eV below 110oC and 0.239 eV above 110oC inassociation with hopping along the Fe2+- VO.-Fe3+ chain and hopping betweenFe2+-Fe3+, respectively, indicating different hopping processes for electrons.Moreover, it has been found that hopping electrons is in form of long rangmovement, while localized and long range movement of oxygen vacancies coexistin BLFM film. The Cole-Cole plots in modulus formalism show a poly-dispersivenature of relaxation for oxygen vacancies and a unique relaxation time forhopping electrons. The scaling behavior of modulus spectra further suggeststhat the distribution of relaxation times for oxygen vacancies is temperatureindependent.
Origin of the Enhanced Polarization in La and Mg Co-substituted BiFeO3  Thin Film during the Fatigue Process	2012	We have studied the polarization fatigue of La and Mg co-substituted BiFeO3thin film, where a polarization peak is observed during the fatigue process.The origin of such anomalous behavior is analyzed on the basis of the defectevolution using temperature-dependent impedance spectroscopy. It shows that themotion of oxygen vacancies (VO..) is associated with a lower energy barrier,accompanied by the injection of electrons into the film during the fatigueprocess. A qualitative model is proposed to explain the fatigue behavior, whichinvolves the modification of the Schottky barrier upon the accumulation of VO..at the metal-dielectric interface.
Thinking Outside the Band: Absorptive Filtering	2012	"The reflectionless filter cell described in this article alleviates manysystem problems associated with excess out-of-band gain, impedance mismatches,and component interactions. The simplest filter cell exhibits a third-orderInverse Chebyshev response with 14.47 dB peak stopband attenuation, and severalcan be cascaded for additional attenuation as needed. They are simple to designand easy to use - for much like small fixed attenuators (""pads""), they can beplaced anywhere in the signal path desired without fear of causing unwantedstanding waves, and instead reducing them where they already exist beyond theintended frequency range. Compared to conventional filter topologies withsimilar cutoff frequencies, they exhibit an order of magnitude greateramplitude and phase stability, ensuring accurate and repeatable complex gain incalibrated systems. Finally, the component requirements are moderate in valueand minimal in number, easing their implementation while improving designyield, and extending the applicability of a given component technology beyondthe normal range, both above and below."
Study of Structural, Magnetic and Electrical properties on Ho -  substituted BiFeO3	2012	"The polycrystalline Bi1-xHoxFeO3 (x=0, 0.05, 0.1) compounds were synthesizedby conventional solid-state route. Rietveld refinement reveals that all thecompounds were stabilized in rhombohedral structure with R3c (IUCr No. 161)space group. A competing ferro and anti-ferro magnetic interaction was observedin Ho-substituted compounds. A change in the Fe-O-Fe bond-angle and Fe-O bonddistance increase the Neel Transition temperature with increasing Hoconcentration. The appearance of peak in imaginary part of impedance (Z"") foreach concentration and shifting of this peak with temperature towards higherfrequency side indicated that the presence of electric relaxations. CorrelatedBarrier Hopping model (CBH) was employed to explain the frequency andtemperature dependence of ac conductivity and the mechanism of transport in thematerial BFO and Ho substituted BFO. Density of states near Fermi level wascalculated by using the ac conductivity data."
About the propagation of the Gravitational Waves in an asymptotically  de-Sitter space: Comparing two points of view	2012	We analyze the propagation of gravitational waves (GWs) in an asymptoticallyde-Sitter space by expanding the perturbation around Minkowski and introducingthe effects of the Cosmological Constant ($\Lambda$), first as an additionalsource (de-Donder gauge) and after as a gauge effect ($\Lambda$-gauge). In bothcases the inclusion of the Cosmological Constant $\Lambda$ impedes thedetection of a gravitational wave at a distance larger than$L_{crit}=(6\sqrt{2}\pi f \hat{h}/\sqrt{5})r_\Lambda^2$, where$r_\Lambda=\frac{1}{\sqrt{\Lambda}}$ and f and $\hat{h}$ are the frequency andstrain of the wave respectively. We demonstrate that $L_{crit}$ is just aconfirmation of the Cosmic No hair Conjecture (CNC) already explained in theliterature.
Magnetostatic spin waves and magnetic-wave chaos in ferromagnetic films.  I. Theory of magnetostatic waves in plates under arbitrary anisotropy and  external fields	2012	"General phenomenological theory of magnetic spin waves in ferromagnetic mediais originally reformulated and applied to analysis of magnetostatic waves infilms and plates with arbitrary nisotropy under arbitrary external field. Exactexpressions are derived for propagator of linear waves between antennae(inductors) and mutual impedances of antennae, and exact unified dispersionequation is obtained which describes all types of magnetostatic waveeigen-modes. Characteristic frequencies (spectra) and some other importantproperties of main modes are analytically considered and graphicallyillustrated. Besides, several aspects of non-linear excitations andmagnetic-wave chaos are discussed, including two-dimensional ""non-linearSchrodinger equations"" for magnetostatic wave packets and envelope solitons."
Improving the Quality Factor of Microwave Compact Resonators by  Optimizing their Geometrical Parameters	2012	Applications in quantum information processing and photon detectors arestimulating a race to produce the highest possible quality factor on-chipsuperconducting microwave resonators. We have tested the surface-dominated losshypothesis by systematically studying the role of geometrical parameters on theinternal quality factors of compact resonators patterned in Nb on sapphire.Their single-photon internal quality factors were found to increase with thedistance between capacitor fingers, the width of the capacitor fingers, and theimpedance of the resonator. Quality factors were improved from 210,000 to500,000 at T = 200 mK. All of these results are consistent with our startinghypothesis.
Constraining the Equation of State of Dark Energy with Gamma Rays	2012	Starlight in the Universe impedes the passage of high energy (e.g. TeV) gammarays due to positron-electron pair production. The history of this stellarradiation field depends upon observations of star formation rate whichthemselves can only be interpreted in the context of a particular cosmology.For different equations of state of dark energy, the star formation rate datasuggests a different density of stellar photons at a particular redshift and adifferent probability of arrival of gamma rays from distant sources. In thiswork we aim to show that this effect can be used to constrain the equation ofstate of dark energy. The current work is a proof of concept and we outline thesteps that would have to be taken to place the method in a rigorous statisticalframework which could then be combined with other more mature methods such asfitting supernova luminosity distances.
Bounds on the volume fractions of two materials in a three dimensional  body from boundary measurements by the translation method	2012	Using the translation method of Tartar, Murat, Lurie, and Cherkaev bounds arederived on the volume occupied by an inclusion in a three-dimensionalconducting body. They assume electrical impedance tomography measurements havebeen made for three sets of pairs of current flux and voltage measurementsaround the boundary. Additionally the conductivity of the inclusion andsurrounding medium are assumed to be known. If the boundary data (Dirichlet orNeumann) is special, i.e. such that the fields inside the body would be uniformwere the body homogeneous, then the bounds reduce to those of Milton and thuswhen the volume fraction is small to those of Capdeboscq and Vogelius.
Numerical solution of many-body wave scattering problem for small  particles	2012	A numerical approach to the problem of wave scattering by many smallparticles is developed under the assumptions k<<1, d>>a, where a is the size ofthe particles and d is the distance between the neighboring particles. On thewavelength one may have many small particles. An impedance boundary conditionsare assumed on the boundaries of small particles. The results of numericalsimulation show good agreement with the theory. They open a way to numericalsimulation of the method for creating materials with a desired refractioncoefficient.
Numerical modeling in wave scattering problem for small particles	2012	A numerical solution to the problem of wave scattering by many smallparticles is studied under the assumption k<<1, d>>a, where a is the size ofthe particles and d is the distance between the neighboring particles.Impedance boundary conditions are assumed on the boundaries of small particles.The results of numerical simulation show good agreement with the theory. Theyopen a way to numerical simulation of the method for creating materials with adesired refraction coefficient.
Effect of lattice volume and strain on the conductivity of BaCeY-oxide  ceramic proton conductors	2012	In-situ electrochemical impedance spectroscopy was used to study the effectof lattice volume and strain on the proton conductivity of the yttrium-dopedbarium cerate proton conductor by applying the hydrostatic pressure up to 1.25GPa. An increase from 0.62 eV to 0.73 eV in the activation energy of the bulkconductivity was found with increasing pressure during a unit cell volumechange of 0.7%, confirming a previously suggested correlation between latticevolume and proton diffusivity in the crystal lattice. One strategy worth tryingin the future development of the ceramic proton conductors could be to expandthe lattice and potentially lower the activation energy under tensile strain.
Investigation of the Superconducting Gap Structure in  SrFe$_2$(As$_{0.7}$P$_{0.3}$)$_2$ by Magnetic Penetration Depth and Flux Flow  Resistivity Analysis	2012	We measured the microwave surface impedances and obtained the superfluiddensity and flux flow resistivity in single crystals of a phosphor-dopediron-based superconductor SrFe$_2$(As$_{1-x}$P$_{x}$)$_2$ single crystals($x=0.30$, $T_c=25 \mathrm{K}$). At low temperatures, the superfluid density,$n_s (T)/n_s(0)$, obeys a power law, $n_s (T)/n_s (0)=1-C(T/T_c)^n$, with afractional exponent of $n=1.5$-1.6. The flux flow resistivity was significantlyenhanced at low magnetic fields. These features are consistent with thepresences of both a gap with line nodes and nodeless gaps with a deep minimum.The remarkable difference observed in the superconducting gap structure betweenSrFe$_2$(As$_{1-x}$P$_{x}$)$_2$ and BaFe$_2$(As$_{1-x}$P$_{x}$)$_2$ in ourexperiments is important for clarifying the mechanism of iron-basedsuperconductivity.
Developments and Obstacles in Chinese eBook Market	2012	The purpose of this study was to provide insights into the eBook market inChina through case studies on eBook companies and a survey research withindividual eBook users. The information from three companies, Beijing SuperstarElectric Company, Beijing Founder APABI Technology Limited, and Beijing SursenElectronic Technology Company Limited, showed that the B2B market has beendeveloped due to the huge requirement from organization customers, universitieslibraries in particularly, and the B2C market is still immature. Theinformation from interviews and relative data revealed that both Superstar andSursen have serious copyright infringement which is an important problemimpeding the further development of the eBook market. The questionnaireexplored awareness, purchase, reading and other experiences of eBook end-users.Questions indicated that readers were attracted by the technical advantagesincluding costless to copy, easy to transfer, searchable and easy to store, butdid not want to pay for eBooks. Because the computers, especially desktop PCs,were the main device for reading and the CRT displays were massive used whilethere were few dedicated reading device in the market, many eBook end-usersstill preferred to read extended passages of text on papers rather thanscreens. Today the copyrights issue, user acceptance and the reading device arethree significant obstacles for eBook industry in China.
Characteristic earthquake model, 1884 -- 2011, R.I.P	2012	"Unfortunately, working scientists sometimes reflexively continue to use ""buzzphrases"" grounded in once prevalent paradigms that have been subsequentlyrefuted. This can impede both earthquake research and hazard mitigation.Well-worn seismological buzz phrases include ""earthquake cycle,"" ""seismiccycle,"" ""seismic gap,"" and ""characteristic earthquake."" They all assume thatthere are sequences of earthquakes that are nearly identical except for thetimes of their occurrence. If so, the complex process of earthquake occurrencecould be reduced to a description of one ""characteristic"" earthquake plus thetimes of the others in the sequence. A common additional assumption is thatcharacteristic earthquakes dominate the displacement on fault or plate boundary""segments."" The ""seismic gap"" (or the effectively equivalent ""seismic cycle"")model depends entirely on the ""characteristic"" assumption, with the addedassumption that characteristic earthquakes are quasi-periodic. However, sincethe 1990s numerous statistical tests have failed to support characteristicearthquake and seismic gap models, and the 2004 Sumatra earthquake and 2011Tohoku earthquake both ripped through several supposed segment boundaries.Earthquake scientists should scrap ideas that have been rejected by objectivetesting or are too vague to be testable."
Lumped element modeling of nonlinear properties of high temperature  superconductors in a dielectric resonator	2012	Microwave properties of High Temperature Superconductors (HTS) exhibitdependence on RF power levels. Effects of nonlinear phenomena causing thisdependence can be modelled using lumped element circuits. Several RLC circuitsto model the surface impedance of HTS were investigated (with equationsexpressing transmitted power derived) and assessed. Linear, quadratic andexponential dependences of surface resistance RS and inductance LS on the RFpower for the model chosen as the best have been examined and used insimulations of electromagnetic responses of superconducting films in aHakki-Coleman dielectric resonator.
External Tonehole Interactions in Woodwind Instruments	2012	The classical Transfer-Matrix Method (TMM) is often used to calculate theinput impedance of woodwind instruments. However, the TMM ignores the possibleinfluence of the radiated sound from toneholes on other open holes. In thispaper a method is proposed to account for external tonehole interactions. Wedescribe the Transfer-Matrix Method with external Interaction (TMMI) and thencompare results using this approach with the Finite Element Method (FEM) andTMM, as well as with experimental data. It is found that the external toneholeinteractions increase the amount of radiated energy, reduce slightly the lowerresonance frequencies, and modify significantly the response near and above thetonehole lattice cutoff frequency. In an appendix, a simple perturbation of theTMM to account for external interactions is investigated, though it is found tobe inadequate at low frequencies and for holes spaced far apart.
Model-Lite Case-Based Planning	2012	"There is increasing awareness in the planning community that depending oncomplete models impedes the applicability of planning technology in many realworld domains where the burden of specifying complete domain models is toohigh. In this paper, we consider a novel solution for this challenge thatcombines generative planning on incomplete domain models with a library of plancases that are known to be correct. While this was arguably the originalmotivation for case-based planning, most existing case-based planners assume(and depend on) from-scratch planners that work on complete domain models. Incontrast, our approach views the plan generated with respect to the incompletemodel as a ""skeletal plan"" and augments it with directed mining of planfragments from library cases. We will present the details of our approach andpresent an empirical evaluation of our method in comparison to astate-of-the-art case-based planner that depends on complete domain models."
Around the goal: Examining the effect of the first goal on the second  goal in soccer using survival analysis methods	2012	In this paper we apply survival techniques to soccer data, treating a goalscoring as the event of interest. It specifically concerns the relationshipbetween the time of the first goal in the game and the time of the second goal.In order to do so, the relevant survival analysis concepts are readjusted tofit the problem and a Cox model is developed for the hazard function.Attributes such as time dependent covariates and a frailty term are also beingconsidered. We also use a reliable propensity score to summarize the pre-gamecovariates. The conclusions derived from the results are that a first goaloccurrence could either expedite or impede the next goal scoring, depending onthe time it was scored. Moreover, once a goal is scored, another goal scoringbecome more and more likely as the game progresses. Furthermore, the first goaleffect is the same whether the goal was scored or conceded.
Dislocations and Grain Boundaries in Two-Dimensional Boron Nitride	2012	A new dislocation structure-square-octagon pair (4|8) is discovered intwo-dimensional boron nitride (h-BN), via first-principles calculations. It haslower energy than corresponding pentagon-heptagon pairs (5|7), which containunfavorable homo-elemental bonds. Based on the structures of dislocations,grain boundaries (GB) in BN are investigated. Depending on the tilt angle ofgrains, GB can be either polar (B-rich or N-rich), constituted by 5|7s, orun-polar, composed of 4|8s. The polar GBs carry net charges, positive at B-richand negative at N-rich ones. In contrast to GBs in graphene which generallyimpede the electronic transport, polar GBs have smaller bandgap compared toperfect BN, which may suggest interesting electronic and optic applications.
Influence of the pattern shape on the photonic efficiency of front-side  periodically patterned ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells	2012	Patterning the front side of an ultra-thin crystalline silicon (c Si) solarcell helps keeping the energy conversion efficiency high by compensating forthe light absorption losses. A super-Gaussian mathematical expression was usedin order to encompass a large variety of nanopattern shapes and to study theirinfluence on the photonic performance. We prove that the enhancement in themaximum achievable photo-current is due to both impedance matching condition atshort wavelengths and to the wave nature of light at longer wavelengths. Weshow that the optimal mathematical shape and parameters of the pattern dependon the c Si thickness. An optimal shape comes with a broad optimal parameterzone where fabricating errors would have much less influence on the efficiency.We prove that cylinders are not the best suited shape. To compare our modelwith a real slab, we fabricated a nanopatterned c Si slab via Nano ImprintLithography.
The High Energy Neutrino Nuisance at a Medium Baseline Reactor  Experiment	2012	10 years from now medium baseline reactor experiments will attempt todetermine the neutrino mass hierarchy from the differences (RL+PV) between theextrema of the Fourier transformed neutrino spectra. Recently Qian et al. haveclaimed that this goal may be impeded by the strong dependence of thedifference parameter RL+PV on the reactor neutrino flux and on slightvariations of Delta M^2_32. We demonstrate that this effect results from aspurious dependence of the difference parameter on the very high energy (8+MeV) tail of the reactor neutrino spectrum. This dependence is spurious becausethe high energy tail depends upon decays of exotic isotopes and is insensitiveto the mass hierarchy. An energy-dependent weight in the Fourier transform notonly eliminates this spurious dependence but in fact increases the chance ofcorrectly determining the hierarchy.
Conflict Anticipation in the Search for Graph Automorphisms	2012	Effective search for graph automorphisms allows identifying symmetries inmany discrete structures, ranging from chemical molecules to microprocessorcircuits. Using this type of structure can enhance visualization as well asspeed up computational optimization and verification. Competitive algorithmsfor the graph automorphism problem are based on efficient partition refinementaugmented with group-theoretic pruning techniques. In this paper, we improveprior algorithms for the graph automorphism problem by introducing simultaneousrefinement of multiple partitions, which enables the anticipation of futureconflicts in search and leads to significant pruning, reducing overallruntimes. Empirically, we observe an exponential speedup for the family ofMiyazaki graphs, which have been shown to impede leading graph-automorphismalgorithms.
Many-body wave scattering problems in the case of small scatterers	2012	Formulas are derived for solutions of many-body wave scattering problems bysmall particles in the case of acoustically soft, hard, and impedance particlesembedded in an inhomogeneous medium. The case of transmission (interface)boundary conditions is also studied in detail. The limiting case is considered,when the size $a$ of small particles tends to zero while their number tends toinfinity at a suitable rate. Equations for the limiting effective(self-consistent) field in the medium are derived. The theory is based on astudy of integral equations and asymptotics of their solutions as $a\to 0$. Thecase of wave scattering by many small particles embedded in an inhomogeneousmedium is also studied.
Short-time homomorphic wavelet estimation	2012	Successful wavelet estimation is an essential step for seismic methods likeimpedance inversion, analysis of amplitude variations with offset and fullwaveform inversion. Homomorphic deconvolution has long intrigued as apotentially elegant solution to the wavelet estimation problem. Yet asuccessful implementation has proven difficult. Associated disadvantages likephase unwrapping and restrictions of sparsity in the reflectivity functionlimit its application. We explore short-time homomorphic wavelet estimation asa combination of the classical homomorphic analysis and log-spectral averaging.The introduced method of log-spectral averaging using a short-term Fouriertransform increases the number of sample points, thus reducing estimationvariances. We apply the developed method on synthetic and real data examplesand demonstrate good performance.
How is non-knowledge represented in economic theory?	2012	In this article, we address the question of how non-knowledge about futureevents that influence economic agents' decisions in choice settings has beenformally represented in economic theory up to date. To position our discussionwithin the ongoing debate on uncertainty, we provide a brief review ofhistorical developments in economic theory and decision theory on thedescription of economic agents' choice behaviour under conditions ofuncertainty, understood as either (i) ambiguity, or (ii) unawareness.Accordingly, we identify and discuss two approaches to the formalisation ofnon-knowledge: one based on decision-making in the context of a state spacerepresenting the exogenous world, as in Savage's axiomatisation and somesuccessor concepts (ambiguity as situations with unknown probabilities), andone based on decision-making over a set of menus of potential futureopportunities, providing the possibility of derivation of agents' subjectivestate spaces (unawareness as situation with imperfect subjective knowledge ofall future events possible). We also discuss impeding challenges of theformalisation of non-knowledge.
Numerical simulation of cylindrical solitary waves in periodic media	2012	We study the behavior of nonlinear waves in a two-dimensional medium withdensity and stress relation that vary periodically in space. Efficientapproximate Riemann solvers are developed for the correspondingvariable-coefficient first-order hyperbolic system. We present direct numericalsimulations of this multiscale problem, focused on the propagation of a singlelocalized perturbation in media with strongly varying impedance. For theconditions studied, we find little evidence of shock formation. Instead,solutions consist primarily of solitary waves. These solitary waves areobserved to be stable over long times and to interact in a manner approximatelylike solitons. The system considered has no dispersive terms; these solitarywaves arise due to the material heterogeneity, which leads to strongreflections and effective dispersion.
Investigating superconductivity in neutron star interiors with glitch  models	2012	The high density interior of a neutron star is expected to containsuperconducting protons and superfluid neutrons. Theoretical estimates suggestthat the protons will form a type II superconductor in which the stellarmagnetic field is carried by flux tubes. The strong interaction between theflux tubes and the neutron rotational vortices could lead to strong 'pinning',i.e. vortex motion could be impeded. This has important implications especiallyfor pulsar glitch models as it would lead to a large part of the vorticity ofthe star being decoupled from the 'normal' component, to which theelectromagnetic emission is locked. In this paper we explore the consequencesof strong pinning in the core on the 'snowplow' model for pulsar glitches(Pizzochero 2011), making use of realistic equations of state and relativisticbackground models for the neutron star. We find that in general a largefraction of pinned vorticity in the core is not compatible with observations ofgiant glitches in the Vela pulsar. The conclusion is thus that either most ofthe core is in a type I superconducting state or that the interaction betweenvortices and flux tubes is weaker than previously assumed.
Acoustic impedance and interface phonon scattering in Bi$_2$Te$_3$ and  other semiconducting materials	2012	We present first principles calculations of the phonon dispersions of Bi2Te3and discuss these in relation to the acoustic phonon interface scattering inceramics. The phonon dispersions show agreement with what is known from neutronscattering for the optic modes. We find a difference between the generalizedgradient approximation and local density results for the acoustic branches.This is a consequence of an artificial compression of the van der Waals bondedgaps in the Bi2Te3 structure when using the generalized gradient approximation.As a result local density approximation calculations provide a betterdescription of the phonon dispersions in Bi$_{2}$Te$_{3}$. A key characteristicof the acoustic dispersions is the existence of a strong anisotropy in thevelocities. We develop a model for interface scattering in ceramics withacoustic wave anisotropy and apply this to Bi2Te3 and compare with PbTe anddiamond.
Discovery of a Flat-Spectrum Radio Nucleus in NGC 3115	2012	The early-type galaxy NGC 3115, at a distance of 10.2 Mpc, hosts the nearestbillion-solar-mass black hole. Wong et al. recently inferred a substantialBondi accretion rate near the black hole. Bondi-like accretion is thought tofuel outflows, which can be traced through their radio emission. This paperreports the discovery of a radio nucleus in NGC 3115, with a diameter less that0.17 arcsec (8.4 pc), a luminosity at 8.5 GHz of 3.1 x 10^35 ergs/s and a flatspectrum (alpha = -0.23+/-0.20, flux density ~ frequency^alpha). The radiosource coincides with the galaxy's photocenter and candidate X-ray nucleus. Theemission is radio-loud, suggesting the presence of an outflow on scales lessthan 10 pc. On such scales, the Bondi accretion could be impeded by heating dueto disruption of the outflow.
Flute-Model Acoustic Metamaterials with Simultaneously Negative Bulk  Modulus and Mass Density	2012	"We experimentally constructed a three-dimensional flute-model ""molecular""structure acoustic metamaterial(AM)from a periodic array of perforated hollowsteel tubes (PHSTs) and investigated its transmission and reflection behaviorsin impedance tube system. The AM exhibited a transmission peak and an inversephase, thus exhibiting the local resonance of the PHSTs. Based on thehomogeneous media theory, the effective bulk modulus and mass density of the AMwere calculated to be simultaneously negative; the refractive index was alsonegative. PHST AM slab focusing experiments showed that the medium with aresonant structure exhibited a distinct metamaterial property."
Comparison of the vibroacoustical characteristics of different pianos	2012	On the basis of a recently proposed vibro-acoustical model of the pianosoundboard (X. Boutillon and K. Ege, Vibroacoustics of the piano soundboard:reduced models, mobility synthesis, and acoustical radiation regime.\emph{submitted to the Journal of Sound and Vibration}, 2011.), we presentseveral models for the coupling between the bridge and the ribbed plate of thesoundboard. The models predict the modal density and the characteristicimpedance at the bridge as a function of the frequency. Without parameteradjustment, the sub-structure model turns out to fit the experimental data withan excellent precision. The influence of the elastic parameters of wood isdiscussed. The model predictions are compared for pianos of different sizes andtypes.
A route to all frequency homogenization of periodic structures	2012	We start from a one-dimensional periodic multilayered stack in order todefine a frequency power expansion of effective permittivity, permeability andbianisotropic parameters. It is shown from the first order that a simpledielectric multilayer can display a magnetoelectric coupling effect and, fromthe second order, that artificial magnetism can be obtained with arbitrary lowcontrast. However, this frequency power expansion is found to diverge at thefirst band gap edge. Thus, an alternative set of effective parameters, made ofthe propagation index and the surface impedance, is proposed. It is establishedthat these effective parameters, as functions of the complex frequency, possessall the analytic properties required by the causality principle and passivity.Finally, we provide arguments to extend these results to the three-dimensionaland frequency-dispersive case.
In-plane superfluid density and microwave conductivity of the organic  superconductor -(BEDT-TTF)2Cu[N(CN)2]Br: evidence for d-wave pairing  and resilient quasiparticles	2012	We report the in-plane microwave surface impedance of a high quality singlecrystal of \kappa-(BEDT-TTF)2Cu[N(CN)2]Br. In the superconducting state, wefind three independent signatures of d-wave pairing: i) a strong, lineartemperature dependence of superfluid density; ii) deep in the superconductingstate the quasiparticle scattering rate \Gamma ~ T^3; and iii) no BCS coherencepeak is observed in the quasiparticle conductivity. Above T_c, theKadowaki-Woods ratio and the temperature dependence of the in-planeconductivity show that the normal state is a Fermi liquid below ~ 23 K, yetresilient quasiparticles dominate the transport up to ~ 50 K.
SQUIDs based set-up for probing current noise and correlations in  three-terminal devices	2012	We have implemented a new experimental set-up for precise measurements ofcurrent fluctuations in three-terminal devices. The system operates at very lowtemperatures (30 mK) and is equipped with three SQUIDs as low noise currentamplifiers. A SQUID input coil is connected to each terminal of a sampleallowing the acquisition of time-dependent current everywhere in the circuit.From these traces, we can measure the current mean value, the noise andcross-correlations between different branches of a device. In this paper wepresent calibration results of noise and cross-correlations obtained using lowimpedance macroscopic resistors. From these results we can extract the noiselevel of the set-up and show that there are no intrinsic correlations due tothe measurement scheme. We also studied noise and correlations as a function ofa DC current and estimated the electronic temperature of various macroscopicresistors.
Inverse Spectral Theory for Sturm-Liouville Operators with  Distributional Potentials	2012	"We discuss inverse spectral theory for singular differential operators onarbitrary intervals $(a,b) \subseteq \mathbb{R}$ associated with rather generaldifferential expressions of the type \[\tau f = \frac{1}{r} \left(- \big(p[f' +s f]\big)' + s p[f' + s f] + qf\right), \] where the coefficients $p$, $q$,$r$, $s$ are Lebesgue measurable on $(a,b)$ with $p^{-1}$, $q$, $r$, $s \inL^1_{\text{loc}}((a,b); dx)$ and real-valued with $p\not=0$ and $r>0$ a.e.\ on$(a,b)$. In particular, we explicitly permit certain distributional potentialcoefficients.  The inverse spectral theory results derived in this paper include thoseimplied by the spectral measure, by two-spectra and three-spectra, as well aslocal Borg-Marchenko-type inverse spectral results. The special cases ofSchr\""odinger operators with distributional potentials and Sturm--Liouvilleoperators in impedance form are isolated, in particular."
Reconfigurable THz Plasmonic Antenna Concept Using a Graphene Stack	2012	The concept and analysis of a Terahertz (THz) frequency-reconfigurableantenna using graphene are presented. The antenna exploits dipole-likeplasmonic resonances that can be frequency-tuned on large range via theelectric field effect in a graphene stack. In addition to efficient dynamiccontrol, the proposed approach allows high miniaturization and good directmatching with continuous wave THz sources. A qualitative model is used toexplain the excellent impedance stability under reconfiguration. These initialresults are very promising for future all-graphene THz transceivers andsensors. Keywords: Reconfigurable antenna, Graphene, Plasmons, Terahertz,frequency-tuning.
Brillouin cavity optomechanics with microfluidic devices	2013	Cavity optomechanics allows the parametric coupling of phonon- andphoton-modes in microresonators and is presently investigated in a broadvariety of solid-state systems. Optomechanics with superfluids has beenproposed as a path towards ultra-low optical- and mechanical-dissipation.However, there have been no optomechanics experiments reported with non-solidphases of matter. Direct liquid immersion of optomechanics experiments ischallenging since the acoustic energy simply leaks out to the higher-impedanceliquid surrounding the device. Conversely, here we confine liquids insidehollow resonators thereby enabling optical excitation of mechanicalwhispering-gallery modes at frequencies ranging from 2 MHz to 11,000 MHz (forexample, with mechanical Q = 4700 at 99 MHz). Vibrations are sustained evenwhen we increase the fluid viscosity to be higher than that of blood. Ourdevice enables optomechanical investigation with liquids, while light isconventionally coupled from the outer dry side of the capillary, and liquidsare provided by means of a standard microfluidic inlet.
Ultra-high-ohmic microstripline resistors for Coulomb blockade devices	2013	In this paper, we report on the fabrication and the low-temperaturecharacterization of extremely high-ohmic microstrip resistors made of a thinfilm of weakly oxidized titanium. Nearly linear voltage-current characteristicswere measured at temperatures down to $T \sim \unit[20]{mK}$ for films withsheet resistivity up to as high as $\sim \unit[7]{k\Omega}$, i.e. about anorder of magnitude higher than our previous findings for weakly oxidized Cr.Our analysis indicates that such an improvement can help to create anadvantageous high-impedance environment for different Coulomb blockade devices.Further properties of the Ti film addressed in this work show a promise oflow-noise behavior of the resistors when applied in different realizations ofthe quantum standard of current.
Low-damping epsilon-near-zero slabs: nonlinear and nonlocal optical  properties	2013	We investigate second harmonic generation, low-threshold multistability,all-optical switching, and inherently nonlocal effects due to the free-electrongas pressure in an epsilon-near-zero (ENZ) metamaterial slab made ofcylindrical, plasmonic nanoshells illuminated by TM-polarized light. Dampingcompensation in the ENZ frequency region, achieved by using gain medium insidethe shells' dielectric cores, enhances the nonlinear properties. Reflection isinhibited and the electric field component normal to the slab interface isenhanced near the effective pseudo-Brewster angle, where the effective\epsilon-near-zero condition triggers a non-resonant, impedance-matchingphenomenon. We show that the slab displays a strong effective, spatialnonlocality associated with leaky modes that are mediated by the compensationof damping. The presence of these leaky modes then induces further spectral andangular conditions where the local fields are enhanced, thus opening newwindows of opportunity for the enhancement of nonlinear optical processes.
Room Temperature Nanoscale Ferroelectricity in Magnetoelectric GaFeO3  Epitaxial Thin Films	2013	We demonstrate room temperature ferroelectricity in the epitaxial thin filmsof magnetoelectric GaFeO3. Piezo-force measurements show a 180o phase shift ofpiezoresponse upon switching the electric field indicating nanoscaleferroelectricity in epitaxial thin films of gallium ferrite. Further,temperature dependent impedance analysis with and without the presence of anexternal magnetic field clearly reveals a pronounced magneto-dielectric effectacross the magnetic transition temperature. In addition, our first principlescalculations show that Fe ions are not only responsible for ferrimagnetism asobserved earlier, but also give rise to the observed ferroelectricity, makingGFO an unique single phase multiferroic.
Protected gates for superconducting qubits	2013	"We analyze the accuracy of quantum phase gates acting on ""zero-pi qubits"" insuperconducting circuits, where the gates are protected against thermal andHamiltonian noise by continuous-variable quantum error-correcting codes. Thegates are executed by turning on and off a tunable Josephson coupling betweenan LC oscillator and a qubit or pair of quits; assuming perfect qubits, we showthat the gate errors are exponentially small when the oscillator's impedancesqrt{L/C} is large compared to hbar/4e^2 ~ 1 kilo-ohm. The protected gates arenot computationally universal by themselves, but a scheme for universalfault-tolerant quantum computation can be constructed by combining them withunprotected noisy operations. We validate our analytic arguments with numericalsimulations."
Focusing, Power Tunneling and Rejection from Chiral and/or Chiral  Nihility/Nihility Metamaterials Layers	2013	Focusing of electromagnetic plane wave from a large size paraboloidalreflector, composed of layers of chiral and/or chiral nihility metamaterials,has been studied us- ing Maslov's method. First, the transmission andreflection of electromagnetic plane wave from two parallel layers of chiraland/or chiral nihility metamaterials are cal- culated using transfer matrixmethod. The effects of change of angle of incidence, chirality parameters andimpedances of layers are noted and discussed. Special cases by taking verylarge and small values of permittivity of second layer, while assuming value ofcorresponding chirality equal to zero, are also treated. These special casesare equivalent to reflection from a perfect electric conductor backed chirallayer and nihility backed chiral layer, respectively. Results of reflectionfrom parallel layers have been utilized to study focusing from a large sizeparaboloidal reflector. The present study, on focusing from a paraboloidalre{\deg}ector, not only unifies several published works conducted by differentresearchers but also provides better understanding of new cases.
Perfect Impedance-Matched Isolators and Unidirectional Absorbers	2013	A broad-band reflectionless channel which supports unidirectional wavepropagation originating from the interplay between gyrotropic elements andsymmetrically placed gain and loss constituents is proposed. Interchange of theactive elements together with a gyrotropic inversion turns the same structureto a unidirectional absorber where incoming waves from a specific direction areannihilated. When disorder is introduced asymmetric Anderson localization isfound. Realizations of such multi-functional architectures in the frame ofelectronic and photonic circuitry are discussed.
The matrix sign function for solving surface wave problems in  homogeneous and laterally periodic elastic half-spaces	2013	The matrix sign function is shown to provide a simple and direct method toderive some fundamental results in the theory of surface waves in anisotropicmaterials. It is used to establish a shortcut to the basic formulas of theBarnett-Lothe integral formalism and to obtain an explicit solution of thealgebraic matrix Riccati equation for the surface impedance. The matrix signfunction allows the Barnett-Lothe formalism to be readily generalized for theproblem of finding the surface wave speed in a periodically inhomogeneoushalf-space with material properties that are independent of depth. No partialwave solutions need to be found; the surface wave dispersion equation isformulated instead in terms of blocks of the matrix sign function of i timesthe Stroh matrix.
Interferometric description of optical metamaterials	2013	We introduce a simple theoretical model that describes the interaction oflight with optical metamaterials in terms of interfering optical plane waves.In this model, a metamaterial is considered to consist of planar arrays ofdensely packed nanoparticles. In the analysis, each such array reduces to aninfinitely thin homogeneous sheet. The transmission and reflection coefficientsof this sheet are found to be equal to those of an isolated nanoparticle arrayand, therefore, they are easy to evaluate numerically for arbitrary shapes andarrangements of the particles. The presented theory enables fast calculation ofelectromagnetic fields interacting with a metamaterial slab of an arbitrarysize, which, for example, can be used to retrieve the effective refractiveindex and wave impedance in the material. It is also shown to accuratelydescribe optically anisotropic metamaterials that in addition exhibit strongspatial dispersion, such as bifacial metamaterials.
The speed of interfacial waves polarized in a symmetry plane	2013	The surface-impedance matrix method is used to study interfacial wavespolarized in a plane of symmetry of anisotropic elastic materials. Although thecorresponding Stroh polynomial is a quartic, it turns out to be analyticallysolvable in quite a simple manner. A specific application of the resultconcerns the calculation of the speed of a Stoneley wave, polarized in thecommon symmetry plane of two rigidly bonded anisotropic solids. Thecorresponding algorithm is robust, easy to implement, and gives directly thespeed (when the wave exists) for any orientation of the interface plane, normalto the common symmetry plane. Through the examples of the couples(Aluminum)-(Tungsten) and (Carbon/epoxy)-(Douglas pine), some general featuresof a Stoneley wave speed are verified: the wave does not always exist; it isfaster than the slowest Rayleigh wave associated with the separatedhalf-spaces.
Field-angle dependence of the quasiparticle scattering inside a vortex  core in unconventional superconductors	2013	We theoretically investigate the quasiparticle scattering rate $\varGamma$inside a vortex core in the existence of non-magnetic impurities distributedrandomly in a superconductor. We show that the dependence of $\varGamma$ on themagnetic field direction is sensitive to the sign of the pair potential. Thebehavior of $\varGamma$ is quite different between an s-wave and a d-wave pairpotential, where these are assumed to have the same amplitude anisotropy, but asign change only for the d-wave one. It is suggested that measurements of themicrowave surface impedance with changing applied-field directions would beused for the phase-sensitive identification of pairing symmetry.
The influence of repressive legislation on the structure of a social  media network	2013	Social media have been widely used to organize citizen movements. In 2012,75% university and college students in Quebec, Canada, participated in massprotests against an increase in tuition fees, mainly organized using socialmedia. To reduce public disruption, the government introduced speciallegislation designed to impede protest organization. Here, we show that thelegislation changed the behaviour of social media users but not the overallstructure of their social network on Twitter. Thus, users were still able tospread information to efficiently organize demonstrations using their socialnetwork. This natural experiment shows the power of social media in politicalmobilization, as well as behavioural flexibility in information flow over alarge number of individuals.
Splitting a single Cooper-pair with microwave light	2013	We measure an aluminum superconducting double quantum dot and find that itselectrical impedance, specifically its quantum capacitance, depends on whetheror not it contains a single broken Cooper pair. In this way we are able toobserve, in real time, the thermally activated breaking and recombination ofCooper pairs. Furthermore, we apply external microwave light and break singleCooper pairs by the absorption of single microwave photons.
Giant enhancement of spin pumping efficiency using Fe3Si ferromagnet	2013	Spincurrentronics, which involves the generation, propagation and control ofspin currents, has attracted a great deal of attention because of thepossibility of realizing dissipation-free information propagation. Whereaselectrical generation of spin currents originally made the field ofspincurrentronics possible, and significant advances in spin-current deviceshas been made, novel spin-current-generation approaches such as dynamicalmethods have also been vigorously investigated. However, the low spin-currentgeneration efficiency associated with dynamical methods has impeded furtherprogress towards practical spin devices. Here we show that by introducing aHeusler-type ferromagnetic material, Fe3Si, pure spin currents can be generatedabout twenty times more efficiently using a dynamical method. This achievementpaves the way to the development of novel spin-based devices.
The domain and property illusion of anomalous anisotropic electric  conductivity	2013	The unique determination of electrical conductivity is extensively studiedfor isotropic conductivity ever since Calderon's suggestion of the EIT(Electrical Impedance Tomography) problem. However, it is known that there aremany anisotropic conductivities producing the same Dirichlet-to-Neumann map;moreover the anisotropic conductivities giving the same Dirichlet-to-Neumannmap are classified using the equivalence relation with respect to the change ofvariables. The change of variable argument is applied to the theory ofnear-cloaking: We are under an illusion that the domain of anomaly is of a muchsmaller size than actually it is. For this paper, we considered not only theillusion of the domain of the anomaly, but also the illusion of the property ofthe anomaly when the background anisotropic conductivity is known.
Algebraic versus exponential decoherence in dissipative many-particle  systems	2013	The interplay between dissipation and internal interactions in quantummany-body systems gives rise to a wealth of novel phenomena. Here weinvestigate spin-1/2 chains with uniform local couplings to a Markovianenvironment using the time-dependent density matrix renormalization group(tDMRG). For the open XXZ model, we discover that the decoherence time divergesin the thermodynamic limit. The coherence decay is then algebraic instead ofexponential. This is due to a vanishing gap in the spectrum of thecorresponding Liouville superoperator and can be explained on the basis of aperturbative treatment. In contrast, decoherence in the open transverse-fieldIsing model is found to be always exponential. In this case, the internalinteractions can both facilitate and impede the environment-induceddecoherence.
Mathematical Model of an Inductive Measuring Cell for Contactless  Conductometry	2013	A research of inductive conductometric cell is presented. An equivalentcircuit and a mathematical model of inductive cell are given in the article.The model takes into account sample-coil capacity (i.e. capacity formed by thecoil and the sample under study) and eddy currents. It is sample-coil capacitythat makes inductive cell applicable for measurement of electrical conductivityof low conductive samples (specific conductance is less than 1S/m). The modelcan be used to calculate impedance of inductive cell for differentcharacteristics of sample, materials and dimensions of cell without numericalsolving of partial differential equations. Results of numerical simulation wereverified by experiment for several devices with inductive cell. Some featuresthat an engineer has to hold in mind while designing a conductometer based oninductive cell are discussed. Presented model can be useful for those who studyinductively coupled plasma.
Theoretical and numerical analysis of current-driven electromagnetic  homogenization and the problem of effective medium parameters for finite  samples	2013	"Reflection and refraction of electromagnetic waves by artificial periodiccomposites (metamaterials) can be accurately modeled by an effective mediumtheory only if the boundary of the medium is explicitly taken into account andthe two effective parameters of the medium -- the index of refraction and theimpedance -- are correctly determined. Theories that consider infinite periodiccomposites do not satisfy the above condition. As a result, they cannot modelreflection and transmission by finite samples with the desired accuracy and arenot useful for design of metamaterial-based devices. As an instructive case inpoint, we consider the ""current-driven"" homogenization theory, which hasrecently gained popularity. We apply this theory to the case of one-dimensionalperiodic medium wherein both exact and homogenization results can be obtainedanalytically in closed form. We show that, beyond the well-understood zero-celllimit, the current-driven homogenization result is inconsistent with the exactreflection and transmission characteristics of the slab."
A quantitative study of source imaging in random waveguides	2013	We present a quantitative study of coherent array imaging of remote sourcesin randomly perturbed waveguides with bounded cross-section. We study how longrange cumulative scattering by perturbations of the boundary and the mediumimpedes the imaging process. We show that boundary scattering effects can bemitigated with filters that enhance the coherent part of the data. The filtersare obtained by optimizing a measure of quality of the image. The point is thatthere is an optimal trade-off between the robustness and resolution of imagesin such waveguides, which can be found adaptively, as the data are processed toform the image. Long range scattering by perturbations of the medium is harderto mitigate than scattering by randomly perturbed boundaries. Coherent imagingmethods do not work and more complex incoherent methods, based on transportmodels of energy, should be used instead. Such methods are nor useful, norneeded in waveguides with perturbed boundaries. We explain all these factsusing rigorous asymptotic stochastic analysis of the wave field in randomlyperturbed waveguides. We also analyze the adaptive coherent imaging method andobtain a quantitative agreement with the results of numerical simulations.
A connection between anomalous Poisson-Nernst-Planck models and  equivalent circuits with constant--phase elements	2013	A connection between the impedance spectroscopy response of anomalousPoisson-Nernst-Planck (PNPA) diffusional models and of equivalent circuitscontaining constant phase elements (CPE) is established for a typicalelectrolytic cell. The analysis is carried out in the limit of low frequency inorder to highlight the surface effects and to explore how they can be connectedto the presence of CPE in the circuit. It is shown that, depending on thechoice of the equivalent circuit, the action of these elements can be the sameas the one obtained by using integro-differential boundary conditions todescribe anomalous diffusive processes in the framework of PNPA models. Thepredictions are also compared with an experimental data obtained from anelectrolytic solution.
Gluon saturation scale from the KGBJS equation	2013	The CCFM equation and its extended form with a quadratic term (KGBJSequation) are solved with fixed and running coupling constant. The solution ofthe KGBJS equation is compared to gluon densities resulting from the CCFM andBK equations. As the saturation scale $Q_s$ now becomes available as a functionof the hard scale $p$ we observe that low values of $p$ impede its growth with$\frac 1 x$. Also, at values much larger than partons transversal momentum thesaturation effects become independent on the hard scale what we call liberationof saturation scale. We also introduce the hard-scale-related saturation scale$P_s$ and investigate its energy dependence. We observe that the new scale as afunction of $x$ decreases starting from the value of transversal momentum ofgluon.
Dynamical Coulomb Blockade in an interacting 1D system coupled to an  arbitrary environment	2013	We study the out-of-equilibrium transport in a Tomonaga-Luttinger liquidcontaining a weak or a tunneling barrier coupled to an arbitraryelectromagnetic environment. This applies as well to a coherent one-channelnon-interacting conductor with a transmission coefficient close to one or tozero. We derive formal expressions for the current and finite-frequency (FF)noise at arbitrary voltages, temperatures and frequency-dependent impedance$Z(\omega)$ in the regimes of weak and strong backscattering. We show thatthese two regimes are no longer related by duality at finite frequency. We thencarry explicit computations of the nonlinear conductance and FF noise when$Z(\omega)$ describes an harmonic oscillator such as a LC circuit or a cavity.
Photoreceptors for a light biotransducer: a comparative study of the  electrical responses of two (type-1)-opsins	2013	The increasing interest in photoactivated proteins as natural replacement ofstandard inorganic materials in photocells drives to the compared analysis ofbacteriorhodopsin and proteorhodopsin, two widely diffused proteins belongingto the family of \textit{type-1} opsins. These proteins share similarbehaviours but exhibit relevant differences in the sequential chain of theamino acids constituting their tertiary structure. The use of an impedancenetwork analogue to model the protein main features provides a microscopicinterpretation of a set of experiments on their photoconductance properties. Inparticular, this model links the protein electrical responses to the tertiarystructure and to the interactions among neighbouring amino acids. The samemodel is also used to predict the small-signal response in terms of the Nyquistplot. Interesting enough, these rhodopsins are found to behave like a wide gapsemiconductor with intrinsic conductivities of the order of $10^{-7}$ S/cm.
Bounds on the volume of an inclusion in a body from a complex  conductivity measurement	2013	We derive bounds on the volume of an inclusion in a body in two or threedimensions when the conductivities of the inclusion and the surrounding bodyare complex and assumed to be known. The bounds are derived in terms of averagevalues of the electric field, current, and certain products of the electricfield and current. All of these average values are computed from a singleelectrical impedance tomography measurement of the voltage and current on theboundary of the body. Additionally, the bounds are tight in the sense that atleast one of the bounds gives the exact volume of the inclusion for certaingeometries and boundary conditions.
Amplification of seismic ground motion in the Tunis basin: Numerical BEM  simulations vs experimental evidences	2013	This paper aims at the analysis of seismic wave amplification in a deepalluvial basin in the city of Tunis in Tunisia. This sedimentary basin is 3000mwide and 350m deep. Since the seismic hazard is significant in this area, thedepth of the basin and the strong impedance ratio raise the need for anaccurate estimation of seismic motion amplification. Various experimentalinvestigations were performed in previous studies to characterize site effects.The Boundary Element Method is considered herein to assess the parametersensitivity of the amplification process and analyse the prevailing phenomena.The various frequencies of maximum amplification are correctly estimated by theBEM simulations. The maximum amplification level observed in the field is alsowell retrieved by the numerical simulations but, due to the sensitivity of thelocation of maximum amplification in space, the overall maximum amplificationhas to be considered. The influence of the wave-field incidence and materialdamping is also discussed.
Design and test of SX-FEL cavity BPM	2013	This paper reports the design and cold test of the cavity beam positionmonitor (CBPM) for SX-FEL to fulfill the requirement of beam positionmeasurement resolution of less than 1{\mu}m, even 0.1{\mu}m. The CBPM wasoptimized by using a coupling slot to damp the TM010 mode in the output signal.The isolation of TM010 mode is about 117dB, and the shunt impedance is about200{\Omega}@4.65GHz with the quality factor 80 from MAFIA simulation and testresult. A special antenna was designed to load power for reducing excitation ofother modes in the cavity. The resulting output power of TM110 mode was about90mV/mm when the source was 6dBm, and the accomplishable minimum voltage wasabout 200{\mu}V. The resolution of the CBPM was about 0.1{\mu}m from the linearfitting result based on the cold test.
Continuous dependence on the coefficients for a class of non-autonomous  evolutionary equations	2013	The continuous dependence of solutions to certain (non-autonomous, partial,integro-differential-algebraic, evolutionary) equations on the coefficients isaddressed. We give criteria that guarantee that convergence of the coefficientsin the weak operator topology implies weak convergence of the respectivesolutions. We treat three examples: A homogenization problem for a Kelvin-Voigtmodel for elasticity, the discussion of continuous dependence of thecoefficients for acoustic waves with impedance type boundary conditions and asingular perturbation problem for a mixed type equation. By means of counterexamples we show optimality of the results obtained.
Reconstruction of complex-valued tensors in the Maxwell system from  knowledge of internal magnetic fields	2013	This paper concerns the reconstruction of a complex-valued anisotropic tensor$\gamma=\sigma+\i\omega\varepsilon$ from knowledge of several internal magneticfields $H$, where $H$ satisfies the anisotropic Maxwell system on a boundeddomain with prescribed boundary conditions. We show that $\gamma$ can beuniquely reconstructed with a loss of two derivatives from errors in theacquisition of $H$. A minimum number of 6 such functionals is sufficient toobtain a local reconstruction of $\gamma$. In the special case where $\gamma$is close to a scalar tensor, boundary conditions are chosen by means of complexgeometric optics (CGO) solutions. For arbitrary symmetric tensors $\gamma$, aRunge approximation property is used to obtain partial results. This problemfinds applications in the medical imaging modalities Current Density Imagingand Magnetic Resonance Electrical Impedance Tomography.
A linear nonequilibrium thermodynamics approach to optimization of  thermoelectric devices	2013	Improvement of thermoelectric systems in terms of performance and range ofapplications relies on progress in materials science and optimization of deviceoperation. In this chapter, we focuse on optimization by taking into accountthe interaction of the system with its environment. For this purpose, weconsider the illustrative case of a thermoelectric generator coupled to twotemperature baths via heat exchangers characterized by a thermal resistance,and we analyze its working conditions. Our main message is that both electricaland thermal impedance matching conditions must be met for optimal deviceperformance. Our analysis is fundamentally based on linear nonequilibriumthermodynamics using the force-flux formalism. An outlook on mesoscopic systemsis also given.
A Direct Power Controlled and Series Compensated EHV Transmission Line	2013	This paper presents the design and analysis of a compensation method withapplication to a 345 kV 480 MVA three-phase transmission line. The compensatorsystem includes a series injected voltage source converter that minimizes theresonance effects of capacitor line reactance. This creates an ability tocompensate for the effects of subsynchronous resonance and thereby increaseline loadability and control real and reactive power flows. The granularity ofpower flow control and simultaneous stabilization is achieved by the method ofdirect decoupled power control (DPC). The design process is detailed withrespect to optimal response characteristics considering variations of lineparameters, realistic transformer impedances, and maximum ramp response rates.Line effects are demonstrated in a PLECS model in MATLAB, and compensationcontrol system functionality is verified. A case study is provided of a 345 kVtransmission line from an EMTP simulation in PSCAD that accounts fordistributed parameter effects that are encountered in physical EHV transmissionlines. This demonstrates the improvement in stability to power systemtransients as well as damping of power system oscillations.
Input-output description of microwave radiation in the dynamical Coulomb  blockade	2013	We study microwave radiation emitted by a small voltage-biased Josephsonjunction connected to a superconducting transmission line. An input-outputformalism for the radiation field is established, using a perturbationexpansion in the junction's critical current. Using output field operatorssolved up to the second order, we estimate the spectral density and thesecond-order coherence of the emitted field. For typical transmission lineimpedances and at frequencies below the main emission peak at the Josephsonfrequency, radiation occurs predominantly due to two-photon emission. Thisemission is characterized by a high degree of photon bunching if detectedsymmetrically around half of the Josephson frequency. Strong phase fluctuationsin the transmission line make related nonclassical phase-dependent amplitudecorrelations short lived, and there is no steady-state two-mode squeezing.However, the radiation is shown to violate the classical Cauchy-Schwarzinequality of intensity cross-correlations, demonstrating the nonclassicalityof the photon pair production in this region.
Design and Testing of Kinetic Inductance Detectors Made of Titanium  Nitride	2013	To use highly resistive material for Kinetic Inductance Detectors (KID), newdesigns have to be done, in part due to the impedance match needed between theKID chip and the whole 50 ohms readout circuit. Chips from two new hybriddesigns, with an aluminum throughline coupled to titanium nitridemicroresonators, have been measured and compared to a TiN only chip. In thehybrid chips, parasitic temperature dependent box resonances are absent. Thedark KID properties have been measured in a large set of resonators. Asurprisingly long lifetime, up to 5.6 ms is observed in a few KIDs. For theother more reproducible devices, the mean electrical Noise Equivalent Power is5.4 10-19 W.Hz1/2.
Virtual photon-photon scattering	2013	Based on analyticity, unitarity, and Lorentz invariance the contribution fromhadronic vacuum polarization to the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon isdirectly related to the cross section of e^+e^- --> hadrons. We review the maindifficulties that impede such an approach for light-by-light scattering andidentify the required ingredients from experiment. Amongst those, the mostcritical one is the scattering of two virtual photons into meson pairs. Weanalyze the analytic structure of the process gamma^* gamma^* --> pi pi andshow that the usual Muskhelishvili-Omnes representation can be amended in sucha way as to remain valid even in the presence of anomalous thresholds.
Convex Structured Controller Design	2013	We consider the problem of synthesizing optimal linear feedback policiessubject to arbitrary convex constraints on the feedback matrix. This is knownto be a hard problem in the usual formulations ($\Htwo,\Hinf,\LQR$) andprevious works have focused on characterizing classes of structural constraintsthat allow efficient solution through convex optimization or dynamicprogramming techniques. In this paper, we propose a new control objective andshow that this formulation makes the problem of computing optimal linearfeedback matrices convex under arbitrary convex constraints on the feedbackmatrix. This allows us to solve problems in decentralized control (sparsity inthe feedback matrices), control with delays and variable impedance control.Although the control objective is nonstandard, we present theoretical andempirical evidence that it agrees well with standard notions of control. Wealso present an extension to nonlinear control affine systems. We presentnumerical experiments validating our approach.
Insulating State of a Quasi-1-Dimensional Superconductor	2013	The topic of quantum fluctuations in quasi-1D superconductors, also calledquantum phase slips (QPS), has attracted a significant attention. It has beenshown that the phenomenon is capable to suppress zero resistivity ofultra-narrow superconducting nanowires at low temperatures T<<Tc and quenchpersistent currents in tiny nanorings. It has been predicted that asuperconducting nanowire in the regime of QPS is dual to a Josephson junction.In particular case of an extremely narrow superconducting nanowire embedded inhigh-impedance environment the duality leads to an intuitively controversialresult: the superconductor enters an insulating state. Here we experimentallydemonstrate that the I-V characteristic of such a wire indeed shows Coulombblockade, which disappears with application of critical magnetic field and/orabove the critical temperature proving that the effect is related tosuperconductivity. The system can be considered as the dynamic equivalent of achain of conventional Josephson junctions.
Some thoughts on dynamic effective properties -- a working document	2013	"The main purpose of this work is to address the question of the utility of""effective constitutive relations"" for problems in dynamics. This is done inthe context of longitudinal shear waves in an elastic medium that isperiodically laminated, with attention restricted to plane waves propagating inthe direction normal to the interfaces. The properties of such waves can befound by employing Floquet theory, implemented via a ""transfer matrix""formulation. Problems occur at frequencies beyond those that define the firstpass band, associated in part with the difficulty of assigning a uniquewavenumber to the wave. This problem is examined, paying careful attention tothe requirements of causality and passivity. The transmission of waves into ahalf-space is discussed by studying the impedance of the half-space, bothdirectly and in the ""effective medium"" approximation, and an alternative way oflooking at this problem, based on construction of the Green's function, isdeveloped."
The importance of crowding in signaling, genetic, and metabolic networks	2013	It is now well established that the cell is a highly crowded environment.Yet, the effects of crowding on the dynamics of signaling pathways, generegulation networks and metabolic networks are still largely unknown. Crowdingcan alter both molecular diffusion and the equilibria of biomolecularreactions. In this review, we first discuss how diffusion can affectbiochemical networks. Diffusion of transcription factors can increase noise ingene expression, while diffusion of proteins between intracellular compartmentsor between cells can reduce concentration fluctuations. In push-pull networksdiffusion can impede information transmission, while in multi-site proteinmodification networks diffusion can qualitatively change the macroscopicresponse of the system, such as the loss or emergence of bistability. Moreover,diffusion can directly change the metabolic flux. We describe how crowdingaffects diffusion, and thus how all these phenomena are influenced by crowding.Yet, a potentially more important effect of crowding on biochemical networks ismediated via the shift in the equilibria of bimolecular reactions, and weprovide computational evidence that supports this idea. Finally, we discuss howthe effects of crowding can be incorporated in models of biochemical networks.
Behavior of susceptible-vaccinated--infected--recovered epidemics with  diversity in the infection rate of the individuals	2013	We study a susceptible-vaccinated--infected--recovered (SVIR)epidemic-spreading model with diversity of infection rate of the individuals.By means of analytical arguments as well as extensive computer simulations, wedemonstrate that the heterogeneity in infection rate can either impede oraccelerate the epidemic spreading, which depends on the amount of vaccinatedindividuals introduced in the population as well as the contact pattern amongthe individuals. Remarkably, as long as the individuals with differentcapability of acquiring the disease interact with unequal frequency, therealways exist a cross point for the fraction of vaccinated, below which thediversity of infection rate hinders the epidemic spreading and above whichexpedites it. The overall results are robust to the SVIR dynamics defined ondifferent population models; the possible applications of the results arediscussed.
Policy Network Approach to Coordinated Disaster Response	2013	In this paper, we explore the formation of network relationships amongdisaster relief agencies during the process of responding to an unexpectedevent. The relationship is investigated through variables derived from thepolicy network theory, and four cases from three developed countries such as(i) Hurricane Katrina in the US; (ii) Typhoon Maemi in South Korea; (iii) Kobe;and, (iv) Tohoku Earthquake in Japan that failed to cope with extreme eventsforms the basis for case study presented here. We argue that structuralcharacteristics of multi-jurisdictional coordination may facilitate or impedein responding to a complex nature of recent disaster. We further highlight thepromise of policy network approach in facilitating the development ofmulti-jurisdictional coordination process which may provide new avenue toimprove the communication and coordination of hierarchical command controldriven organizations with the local community. Our proposed novel approach ininvestigating the usefulness of network approach through media content analysisfor emergency may provide opportunity as a countermeasure to a traditionalhierarchical coordination, which may give further insights in establishing amore effective network for emergency.
Growth of Black Holes in the interior of Rotating Neutron Stars	2013	Mini-black holes made of dark matter that can potentially form in theinterior of neutron stars have been always thought to grow by accreting thematter of the core of the star via a spherical Bondi accretion. However,neutron stars have sometimes significant angulal velocities that can inprinciple stall the spherical accretion and potentially change the conclusionsderived about the time it takes for black holes to destroy a star. We study theeffect of the star rotation on the growth of such black holes and the evolutionof the black hole spin. Assuming no mechanisms of angular momentum evacuation,we find that even moderate rotation rates can in fact destroy sphericalaccretion at the early stages of the black hole growth. However, we demonstratethat the viscosity of nuclear matter can alleviate the effect of rotation,making it possible for the black hole to maintain spherical accretion whileimpeding the black hole from becoming maximally rotating.
Diffractons: solitary waves created by diffraction in periodic media	2013	A new class of solitary waves arises in the solution of nonlinear waveequations with constant impedance and no dispersive terms. They depend on abalance between nonlinearity and a dispersion-like effect due to spatialvariation in the sound speed of the medium. A high-order homogenized modelconfirms this effective dispersive behavior and its solutions agree well withthose obtained by direct simulation of the variable-coefficient system. Thesewaves are observed to be long-time stable, globally attracting solutions thatarise in general as solutions to nonlinear wave problems withperiodically-varying sound speed. They share some properties with known classesof solitary waves, but possess important differences as well.
Glassy Dielectric Response in Tb_2NiMnO_6 Double Perovskite with  Similarities to a Griffiths Phase	2013	"Frequency-dependent and temperature-dependent dielectric measurements areperformed on double perovskite Tb$_2$NiMnO$_6$. The real ($\epsilon_1$) andimaginary ($\epsilon_2$) parts of dielectric permittivity show three plateaussuggesting dielectric relaxation originating from bulk, grain boundaries andthe sample-electrode interfaces respectively. The temperature and frequencyvariation of $\epsilon_1$ and $\epsilon_2$ are successfully simulated by a $RC$circuit model. The complex plane of impedance, $Z'$-$Z""$, is simulated using aseries network with a resistor $R$ and a constant phase element. Through theanalysis of frequency-dependent dielectric constant using modified-Debye model,different relaxation regimes are identified. Temperature dependence of dcconductivity also presents a clear change in slope at, $T^*$. Interestingly,$T^*$ compares with the temperature at which an anomaly occurs in the phononmodes and the Griffiths temperature for this compound. The components $R$ and$C$ corresponding to the bulk and the parameter $\alpha$ from modified-Debyefit tend support to this hypothesis. Though these results cannot be interpretedas magnetoelectric coupling, the relationship between lattice and magnetism ismarked."
Tunable Large Resonant Absorption in a Mid-IR Graphene Salisbury Screen	2013	Enhancing the interaction strength between graphene and light is an importantobjective for those seeking to make graphene a relevant material for futureoptoelectronic applications. Plasmonic modes in graphene offer an additionalpathway of directing optical energy into the graphene sheet, while at the sametime displaying dramatically small optical confinement factors that make theman interesting means of coupling light to atomic or molecular emitters. Here weshow that graphene plasmonic nanoresonators can be placed a quarter wavelengthfrom a reflecting surface and electronically tuned to mimic a surface with animpedance closely matched to freespace (Z0 = 377{\Omega}). This geometry -known in early radar applications as a Salisbury screen - allows for an orderof magnitude (from 2.3 to 24.5%) increase of the optical absorption in thegraphene and provides an efficient means of coupling to the highly confinedgraphene plasmonic modes.
Nano-spectroscopic imaging of intermolecular structure, coupling and  dynamics	2013	Molecular self-assembly, the function of biomembranes, and the performance oforganic solar cells rely on molecular interactions on the nanoscale. Theunderstanding and design of such intrinsic or engineered heterogeneousfunctional soft matter has long been impeded by a lack of spectroscopic toolswith sufficient nanometer spatial resolution, attomolar sensitivity, andintermolecular spectroscopic specificity. We implement vibrationalscattering-scanning near-field optical microscopy ($s$-SNOM) in amulti-spectral modality with unprecedented spectral precision to investigatethe structure-function relationship in nano-phase separated block-copolymers.We use a vibrational resonance as a sensitive reporter of the local chemicalenvironment and resolve, with few nanometer spatial resolution and 0.2cm$^{-1}$ spectral precision, spectral Stark shifts and line broadeningcorrelated with molecular-scale morphologies. By creating images ofsolvatochromic vibrational shifts we discriminate local variations in electricfields between the core and interface regions of the nano-domains withquantitative agreement to dielectric continuum models. This newnano-chemometric ability to directly resolve nanoscale morphology andassociated intermolecular interactions can form a basis for the systematiccontrol of functionality in multicomponent soft matter systems.
Carbon nanomaterials for electronics, optoelectronics, photovoltaics,  and sensing	2014	In the last three decades, zero-dimensional, one-dimensional, andtwo-dimensional carbon nanomaterials (i.e., fullerenes, carbon nanotubes, andgraphene, respectively) have attracted significant attention from thescientific community due to their unique electronic, optical, thermal,mechanical, and chemical properties. While early work showed that theseproperties could enable high performance in selected applications, issuessurrounding structural inhomogeneity and imprecise assembly have impeded robustand reliable implementation of carbon nanomaterials in widespread technologies.However, with recent advances in synthesis, sorting, and assembly techniques,carbon nanomaterials are experiencing renewed interest as the basis of numerousscalable technologies. Here, we present an extensive review of carbonnanomaterials in electronic, optoelectronic, photovoltaic, and sensing deviceswith a particular focus on the latest examples based on the highest puritysamples. Specific attention is devoted to each class of carbon nanomaterial,thereby allowing comparative analysis of the suitability of fullerenes, carbonnanotubes, and graphene for each application area. In this manner, this articlewill provide guidance to future application developers and also articulate theremaining research challenges confronting this field.
Efficient MIMO Transmission of PSK Signals With a Single-Radio  Reconfigurable Antenna	2014	Crucial developments to the recently introduced signal-space approach formultiplexing multiple data symbols using a single-radio switched antenna arepresented. First, we introduce a general framework for expressing the spatialmultiplexing relation of the transmit signals only from the antenna scatteringparameters and the modulating reactive loading. This not only avoids tediousfar-field calculations, but more importantly provides an efficient andpractical strategy for spatially multiplexing PSK signals of any modulationorder. The proposed approach allows ensuring a constant impedance matching atthe input of the driving antenna for all symbol combinations, and asimportantly uses only passive reconfigurable loads. This obviates the use ofreconfigurable matching networks and active loads, respectively, therebyovercoming stringent limitations of previous single-feed MIMO techniques interms of complexity, efficiency, and power consumption. The proposed approachis illustrated by the design of a realistic very compact antenna systemoptimized for multiplexing QPSK signals. The results show that the proposedapproach can bring the MIMO benefits to the low-end user terminals at a reducedRF complexity.
A Direct Reconstruction Method for Anisotropic Electrical Impedance  Tomography	2014	A novel computational, non-iterative and noise-robust reconstruction methodis introduced for the planar anisotropic inverse conductivity problem. Themethod is based on bypassing the unstable step of the reconstruction of thevalues of the isothermal coordinates on the boundary of the domain.Non-uniqueness of the inverse problem is dealt with by recovering the uniqueisotropic conductivity that can be achieved as a deformation of the measuredanisotropic conductivity by \emph{isothermal coordinates}. The method shows howisotropic D-bar reconstruction methods have produced reasonable and informativereconstructions even when used on EIT data known to come from anisotropicmedia, and when the boundary shape is not known precisely. Furthermore, theresults pave the way for regularized anisotropic EIT. Key aspects of theapproach involve D-bar methods and inverse scattering theory, complexgeometrical optics solutions, and quasi-conformal mapping techniques.
CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) ceramics for capacitor applications	2014	CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) ceramics are potential candidates for capacitorapplications due to their large dielectric permittivity (e') values of up to300 000. The underlying mechanism for the high e' is an internal barrier layercapacitor (IBLC) structure of insulating grain boundaries (GB) and conductinggrain interiors (bulk). This behaviour is reviewed and discussed in detail. Theorigin of the IBLC structure is attributed to a small Cu non-stoichiometry innominally insulating CaCu3Ti4O12, which varies between the GBs and bulk. Suchnon-stoichiometry effects are studied in detail by analyzing bulk ceramics ofdifferent composition within the ternary CaO-CuO-TiO2 phase diagram using X-raydiffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and impedancespectroscopy (IS). At least two defect mechanisms are suggested to exist. It isfurther shown that the development of the defect mechanisms in CCTO and theconcomitant formation of the IBLC structure strongly depend on the processingconditions of CCTO ceramic pellets such as the sintering temperature. Nominallystoichiometric CCTO bulk ceramics sintered at different temperatures areanalyzed using XRD, SEM and IS. The performance of CCTO ceramics for IBLCapplications is controlled by subtle modifications in the compoundstoichiometry that is strongly dependent on the ceramic sintering temperature.
The metallization and superconductivity of dense hydrogen sulfide	2014	Hydrogen sulfide (H2S) is a prototype molecular system and a sister moleculeof water. The phase diagram of solid H2S at high pressures remains largelyunexplored arising from the challenges in dealing with the looser S-H bond andlarger atomic core difference between H and S. Metallization is yet achievedfor water ice, but it was established for H2S above 96 GPa. However, themetallic structure of H2S remains elusive, greatly impeding the understandingof its metallicity and the potential superconductivity. We have performed anextensive structural study on solid H2S under high pressures through unbiasedfirst-principles structure predictions based on swarm intelligence. Besides thefindings of best-known candidate structures for nonmetallic phases IV and V, weare able to establish stable metallic structures violating an earlier proposalof elemental decomposition into sulfur and hydrogen [PRL 85, 1254 (2000)]. Ourstudy unraveled a superconductive potential of metallic H2S with an estimatedmaximal transition temperature of ~ 80 K at 160 GPa, higher than thosepredicted for most archetypal hydrogen-containing compounds (e.g., SiH4 andGeH4, etc).
Modlisation 1D-3Composantes de la rponse sismique d'une colonne de  sol multicouche  comportement non linaire	2014	We propose a one-directional three-component (1D-3C) approach to model theunidirectional (1D) propagation of a three component (3C) earthquake forseismic response analyses of horizontal multilayer soils, considering a 3Dnonlinear constitutive behaviour for soils. An elasto-plastic cyclicconstitutive behaviour of the Masing-Prandtl-Iwan type, using just the shearmodulus decay curve for soil characterization, is implemented in a finiteelement scheme. Seismic response of soil profiles appears dependent on incidentwave polarization, elastic and dynamic properties of medium and seismicimpedance contrast between soil layers. Propagating a 3C signal induces amultiaxial stress interaction decreasing soil strength and increasing nonlineareffects. Soil profiles in the Tohoku area (Japan) are loaded by seismic signalsrecorded at outcrops or downhole, during the 2011 Tohoku earthquake. Thenonlinear seismic response of each soil profile, represented in terms ofacceleration, hysteresis loops and stress and strain profiles with depth, iscompared in both cases of superposition of three one-component propagationeffects (1D-1C) and 1D-3C.
Is the jet-drive flute model able to produce modulated sounds like  Flautas de Chinos ?	2014	Flautas de chinos - prehispanic chilean flutes played during ritualcelebrations in central Chile - are known to produce very particular beatingsounds, the so-called sonido rajado. Some previous works have focused on thespectral analysis of these sounds, and on the input impedance of the complexresonator. However, the beating sounds origin remains to be investigated.Throughout this paper, a comparison is provided between the characteristics ofboth the sound produced by flautas de chinos and a synthesis sound obtainedthrough time-domain simulation of the jet-drive model for flute-likeinstruments. Jet-drive model appears to be able to produce quasiperiodic soundssimilar to sonido rajado. Finally, the analysis of the system dynamics throughnumerical continuation methods allows to explore the production mechanism ofthese quasiperiodic regimes.
Zero-bias autoencoders and the benefits of co-adapting features	2014	Regularized training of an autoencoder typically results in hidden unitbiases that take on large negative values. We show that negative biases are anatural result of using a hidden layer whose responsibility is to bothrepresent the input data and act as a selection mechanism that ensures sparsityof the representation. We then show that negative biases impede the learning ofdata distributions whose intrinsic dimensionality is high. We also propose anew activation function that decouples the two roles of the hidden layer andthat allows us to learn representations on data with very high intrinsicdimensionality, where standard autoencoders typically fail. Since the decoupledactivation function acts like an implicit regularizer, the model can be trainedby minimizing the reconstruction error of training data, without requiring anyadditional regularization.
Highly Linear, Broadband Optical Modulator Based on Electro-optic  Polymer	2014	In this paper, we present the design, fabrication and characterization of atraveling wave directional coupler modulator based on electro-optic polymer,which is able to provide both high linearity and broad bandwidth. The highlinearity is realized by introducing domain-inversion technique in thetwo-domain directional coupler. A travelling wave electrode is designed tofunction with bandwidth-length product of 302GHz cm, by achieving low microwaveloss, excellent impedance matching and velocity matching, as well as smoothelectric field profile transformation. The 3-dB bandwidth of the device ismeasured to be 10GHz. The spurious free dynamic range of about 110dB Hz^(2/3)is measured over the modulation frequency range 2-8GHz. To the best of ourknowledge, such high linearity is first measured at the frequency up to 8GHz.In addition, a 1-to-2 multi-mode interference 3dB-splitter, a photobleachedrefractive index taper and a quasi-vertical taper are used to reduce theoptical insertion loss of the device.
Giant thermoelectric effect in graphene-based topological insulators  with nanopores	2014	Designing thermoelectric materials with high figure of merit $ZT=S^2 GT/\kappa$ requires fulfilling three often irreconcilable conditions, i.e., thehigh electrical conductance $G$, small thermal conductance $\kappa$ and highSeebeck coefficient $S$. Nanostructuring is one of the promising ways toachieve this goal as it can substantially suppress lattice contribution to$\kappa$. However, it may also unfavorably influence the electronic transportin an uncontrollable way. Here we theoretically demonstrate that this issue canbe ideally solved by fabricating graphene nanoribbons with heavy adatoms andnanopores. These systems, acting as a two-dimensional topological insulatorwith robust helical edge states carrying electrical current, yield a highlyoptimized power factor $S^2G$ per helical conducting channel. Concurrently,their array of nanopores impedes the lattice thermal conduction through thebulk. Using quantum transport simulations coupled with first-principleselectronic and phononic band structure calculations, the thermoelectric figureof merit is found to reach its maximum $ZT \simeq 3$ at $T \simeq 40$ K. Thispaves a way to design high-$ZT$ materials by exploiting the nontrivial topologyof electronic states through nanostructuring.
Blocking the Hawking Radiation	2014	Some severe constraints on asymmetric dark matter are based on the scenariothat certain types of WIMPs can form mini-black holes inside neutron stars thatcan lead to their destruction. A crucial element for the realization of thisscenario is that the black hole grows after its formation (and eventuallydestroys the star) instead of evaporating. The fate of the black hole isdictated by the two opposite mechanics i.e. accretion of nuclear matter fromthe center of the star and Hawking radiation that tends to decrease the mass ofthe black hole. We study how the assumptions for the accretion rate can in factaffect the critical mass beyond which a black hole always grows. We also studyto what extent degenerate nuclear matter can impede Hawking radiation due tothe fact that emitted particles can be Pauli blocked at the core of the star.
Transient spirals as superposed instabilities	2014	We present evidence that recurrent spiral activity, long manifested insimulations of disk galaxies, results from the super-position of a fewtransient spiral modes. Each mode lasts between 5 and 10 rotations at itscorotation radius where its amplitude is greatest. The scattering of stars aseach wave decays takes place over narrow ranges of angular momentum, causingabrupt changes to the impedance of the disk to subsequent traveling waves.Partial reflections of waves at these newly created features, allows newstanding-wave instabilities to appear that saturate and decay in their turn,scattering particles at new locations, creating a recurring cycle. The spiralactivity causes the general level of random motion to rise, graduallydecreasing the ability of the disk to support further activity unless the diskcontains a dissipative gas component from which stars form on near-circularorbits. We also show that this interpretation is consistent with the behaviorreported in other recent simulations with low mass-disks.
Interfacing whispering-gallery microresonators and free space light with  cavity enhanced Rayleigh scattering	2014	Whispering gallery mode resonators (WGMRs) take advantage of strong lightconfinement and long photon lifetime for applications in sensing,optomechanics, microlasers and quantum optics. However, their rotationalsymmetry and low radiation loss impede energy exchange between WGMs and thesurrounding. As a result, free-space coupling of light into and from WGMRs isvery challenging. In previous schemes, resonators are intentionally deformed tobreak circular symmetry to enable free-space coupling of carefully alignedfocused light, which comes with bulky size and alignment issue that hinder therealization of compact WGMR applications. Here, we report a new class ofnanocouplers based on cavity enhanced Rayleigh scattering fromnano-scatterer(s) on resonator surface, and demonstrate whispering gallerymicrolaser by free-space optical pumping of an Ytterbium doped silicamicrotoroid via the scatterers. This new scheme will not only expand the rangeof applications enabled by WGMRs, but also provide a possible route tointegrate them into solar powered green photonics.
Application of Particle Swarm Optimization to Microwave Tapered  Microstrip Lines	2014	Application of metaheuristic algorithms has been of continued interest in thefield of electrical engineering because of their powerful features. In thiswork special design is done for a tapered transmission line used for matchingan arbitrary real load to a 50{\Omega} line. The problem at hand is to matchthis arbitrary load to 50 {\Omega} line using three section taperedtransmission line with impedances in decreasing order from the load. So theproblem becomes optimizing an equation with three unknowns with variousconditions. The optimized values are obtained using Particle SwarmOptimization. It can easily be shown that PSO is very strong in solving thiskind of multiobjective optimization problems.
Non-invasive real-time imaging through scattering layers and around  corners via speckle correlations	2014	Imaging with optical resolution through and inside complex samples is adifficult challenge with important applications in many fields. The fundamentalproblem is that inhomogeneous samples, such as biological tissues, randomlyscatter and diffuse light, impeding conventional image formation. Despite manyadvancements, no current method enables to noninvasively image in real-timeusing diffused light. Here, we show that owing to the memory-effect for specklecorrelations, a single image of the scattered light, captured with a standardhigh-resolution camera, encodes all the information that is required to imagethrough the medium or around a corner. We experimentally demonstratesingle-shot imaging through scattering media and around corners usingincoherent light and various samples, from white paint to dynamic biologicalsamples. Our lensless technique is simple, does not require laser sources,wavefront-shaping, nor time-gated detection, and is realized here using acamera-phone. It has the potential to enable imaging in currently inaccessiblescenarios.
Imaging of anisotropic conductivities from current densities in two  dimensions	2014	We consider the imaging of anisotropic conductivity tensors$\gamma=(\gamma_{ij})_{1\leq i,j\leq 2}$ from knowledge of several internalcurrent densities $\mathcal{J}=\gamma\nabla u$ where $u$ satisfies a secondorder elliptic equation $\nabla\cdot(\gamma\nabla u)=0$ on a bounded domain$X\subset\mathbb{R}^2$ with prescribed boundary conditions on $\partial X$. Weshow that $\gamma$ can be uniquely reconstructed from four {\em well-chosen}functionals $\mathcal{J}$ and that noise in the data is differentiated onceduring the reconstruction. The inversion procedure is local in the sense that(most of) the tensor $\gamma(x)$ can be reconstructed from knowledge of thefunctionals $\mathcal{J}$ in the vicinity of $x$. We obtain the existence of anopen set of boundary conditions on $\partial X$ that guaranty stablereconstructions by using the technique of complex geometric optics (CGO)solutions. The explicit inversion procedure is presented in several numericalsimulations, which demonstrate the influence of the choice boundary conditionson the stability of the reconstruction. This problem finds applications in themedical imaging modality called Current Density Imaging or Magnetic ResonanceElectrical Impedance Tomography.
On the existence and linear approximation of the power flow solution in  power distribution networks	2014	We consider the problem of deriving an explicit approximate solution of thenonlinear power equations that describe a balanced power distribution network.We give sufficient conditions for the existence of a practical solution to thepower flow equations, and we propose an approximation that is linear in theactive and reactive power demands of the PQ buses. For this approximation,which is valid for generic power line impedances and grid topology, we derive abound on the approximation error as a function of the grid parameters. Weillustrate the quality of the approximation via simulations, we show how it canalso model the presence of voltage controlled (PV) buses, and we discuss how itgeneralizes the DC power flow model to lossy networks.
Transport Signatures of Majorana Quantum Criticality Realized by  Dissipative Resonant Tunneling	2014	We consider theoretically the transport properties of a spinless resonantelectronic level coupled to strongly dissipative leads, in the regime ofcircuit impedance near the resistance quantum. Using the Luttinger liquidanalogy, one obtains an effective Hamiltonian expressed in terms of interactingMajorana fermions, in which all environmental degrees of freedom (leads andelectromagnetic modes) are encapsulated in a single fermionic bath. Generaltransport equations for this system are then derived in terms of the MajoranaT-matrix. Perturbative treatment of the Majorana interaction term yields theappearance of a marginal, linear dependence of the conductance on temperaturewhen the system is tuned to its quantum critical point, in agreement withrecent experimental observations. We investigate in detail the differentcrossovers involved in the problem, and analyze the role of the interactionterms in the transport scaling functions. In particular, we show that singlebarrier scaling applies when the system is slightly tuned away from itsMajorana critical point, strengthening the general picture of dynamical Coulombblockade.
Long-term Evolution of Large-scale Magnetic Fields in Rotating  Stratified Convection	2014	Convective dynamo simulations are performed in local Cartesian geometry. Wereport the first successful simulation of a large-scale oscillatory dynamo inrigidly rotating convection without stably stratified layers. A key requirementfor exciting the large-scale dynamo is a sufficiently long integration timecomparable to the ohmic diffusion time. By comparing two models with andwithout stably stratified layers, their effect on the large-scale dynamo isalso studied. The spatiotemporal evolution of the large-scale magnetic field issimilar in both models. However, it is intriguing that the magnetic cycle ismuch shorter in the model without the stable layer than with the stable layer.This suggests that the stable layer impedes the cyclic variations of thelarge-scale magnetic field.
Synthesis, single crystal growth and properties of $Sr_5Pb_3ZnO_{12}$	2014	The novel $Sr_5Pb_3ZnO_{12}$ oxide was synthesized by the solid-statereaction method. The crystal structure was studied by means of the powder x-raydiffraction Rietveld method and was found to be similar to 3 other previouslyknown $Sr_5Pb_3MO_{12}$ compounds (M = Co, Ni, Cu). Crystals of several hundredmicrons in size of the new phase were grown in molten sodium chloride andimaged using confocal optical and scanning electron microscopy. Electricalproperties were studied using the impedance spectroscopy technique. It wasfound that $Sr_5Pb_3ZnO_{12}$ is a dielectric material with rather highrelative permittivity ($\epsilon_r$ = 22 at 300K) and with activation energy ofthe dielectric relaxation process $E_A$ = 0.80(4) eV. The heat capacity studiesreveal the Debye temperature $\Theta_D$ = 324(1) K.
Bounds imposed on the sheath velocity of a dense plasma focus by  conservation laws and ionization stability condition	2014	Experimental data compiled over five decades of dense plasma focus researchis consistent with the snowplow model of sheath propagation, based on thehypothetical balance between magnetic pressure driving the plasma into neutralgas ahead and wind pressure resisting its motion. The resulting sheathvelocity, or the numerically proportional drive parameter, is known to beapproximately constant for devices optimized for neutron production over 8decades of capacitor bank energy. This paper shows that the validity of thesnowplow hypothesis, with some correction, as well as the non-dependence ofsheath velocity on device parameters, have their roots in local conservationlaws for mass, momentum and energy coupled with the ionization stabilitycondition. Both upper and lower bounds on sheath velocity are shown to berelated to material constants of the working gas and independent of the devicegeometry and capacitor bank impedance.
Analytical Loss Factors in Approximation of the Leontovich Boundary  Conditions	2014	Recently the new method of the Cherenkov fields and loss factors of apoint-like electron bunch passing through longitudinally homogeneous structureslined with arbitrary slowdown layers was proposed. It was shown that theCherenkov loss factor of the short bunch does not depend on the waveguidesystem material and is a constant for any given transverse dimensions andcross-section shapes of the waveguides. It was shown that with the proposedapproach one can use a relatively simple method for the calculation of thetotal loss factor using an integral relation based on the cylindrical slowdownwaveguide model. With this paper, we demonstrate that the same integralrelation that we call relativistic Gauss theorem can be applied in caseimpedance boundary conditions (IBC) also known as Leontovich boundaryconditions.
MontiArcAutomaton: Modeling Architecture and Behavior of Robotic Systems	2014	Robotics poses a challenge for software engineering as the vast numbers ofdifferent robot platforms impose different requirements on robot controlarchitectures. The platform dependent development of robotic applicationsimpedes reusability and portability. The lack of reusability hampers broadpropagation of robotics applications. The MontiArcAutomaton architecture andbehavior modeling framework provides an integrated, platform independentstructure and behavior modeling language with an extensible code generationframework. MontiArcAutomaton's central concept is encapsulation anddecomposition known from Component & Connector Architecture DescriptionLanguages. This concept is extended from the modeling language to the codegeneration and target runtime framework to bridge the gap of platform specificand independent implementations along well designed interfaces. Thisfacilitates the reuse of robot applications and makes their development moreefficient.
An In Depth Study into Using EMI Signatures for Appliance Identification	2014	Energy conservation is a key factor towards long term energy sustainability.Real-time end user energy feedback, using disaggregated electric loadcomposition, can play a pivotal role in motivating consumers towards energyconservation. Recent works have explored using high frequency conductedelectromagnetic interference (EMI) on power lines as a single point sensingparameter for monitoring common home appliances. However, key questionsregarding the reliability and feasibility of using EMI signatures fornon-intrusive load monitoring over multiple appliances across different sensingparadigms remain unanswered. This work presents some of the key challengestowards using EMI as a unique and time invariant feature for loaddisaggregation. In-depth empirical evaluations of a large number of appliancesin different sensing configurations are carried out, in both laboratory andreal world settings. Insights into the effects of external parameters such asline impedance, background noise and appliance coupling on the EMI behavior ofan appliance are realized through simulations and measurements. A genericapproach for simulating the EMI behavior of an appliance that can then be usedto do a detailed analysis of real world phenomenology is presented. Thesimulation approach is validated with EMI data from a router. Our EMI dataset -High Frequency EMI Dataset (HFED) is also released.
Probing space charge and resolving overlimiting current mechanisms at  the micro-nanochannel interface	2014	We present results demonstrating the space charge-mediated transition betweenclassical, diffusion-limited current and surface-conduction dominantover-limiting current in a shallow micro-nanochannel device. The extended spacecharge layer develops at the depleted micro-nanochannel entrance at highcurrent and is correlated with a distinctive maximum in the dc resistance.Experimental results for a shallow surface-conduction dominated system arecompared with theoretical models, allowing estimates of the effective surfacecharge at high voltage to be obtained. In comparison to an equilibrium estimateof the surface charge obtained from electrochemical impedance spectroscopy, itis further observed that the effective surface charge appears to change underapplied voltage.
Enhanced inertia from lossy effective fluids using multi-scale sonic  crystals	2014	In this work, a recent theoretically predicted phenomenon of enhancedpermittivity with electromagnetic waves using lossy materials is investigatedfor t he analogous case of mass density and acoustic waves, which representsinertial enhancement. Starting from fundamental relationships for thehomogenized quasi-static effective density of a fluid host with fluidinclusions, theoretical expressions are developed for the conditions on thereal and imaginary parts of the constitutive fluids to have inertialenhancement, which are verified with numerical simulations. Realizablestructures are designed to demonstrate this phenomenon using multi-scale soniccrystals, which are fabricated using a 3D printer and tested in an acousticimpedance tube, yielding good agreement with the theoretical predictions anddemonstrating enhanced inertia.
Fabrication of Flexible Super Capacitor Using Laser Lightscribe  Technique	2014	Super capacitors are promising energy storage devices due to their capabilityof delivering high peak current and storing high amount of energy in a shorttime with very low internal power loss. We fabricated the graphene or graphiteoxide super-capacitor using laser Lightscribe technique. We prepared graphiteoxide by modified hummers method and used PET film as a flexible substrate onwhich graphite oxide (GO) was coated. Using Lightscribe drive and software, thesuper-capacitor configuration was patterned on the GO coated PET film. Duringthe writing process, the laser converts GO into graphene. We characterized thefabricated flexible super-capacitor which exhibits high resistance of 20KOhmwith applied voltage of 10V and further increase of voltage (20V) decreases theresistance to 8KOhm. We also analyzed the frequency response of the capacitorusing impedance measurement which shows high frequency response and estimatedcapacitance is 120nF. We optimized the patterns by running the Lightscriberepeatedly on the GO coated PET substrate.
Fluctuation-Dissipation Relations of a Tunnel Junction Driven by a  Quantum Circuit	2014	We derive fluctuation-dissipation relations for a tunnel junction driven by ahigh impedance microwave resonator, displaying strong quantum fluctuations. Wefind that the fluctuation-dissipation relations derived for classical forceshold, provided the effect of the circuit's quantum fluctuations is incorporatedinto a modified non-linear $I(V)$ curve. We also demonstrate that allquantities measured under a coherent time dependent bias can be reconstructedfrom their dc counterpart with a photo-assisted tunneling relation. We confirmthese predictions by implementing the circuit and measuring the dc currentthrough the junction, its high frequency admittance and its current noise atthe frequency of the resonator.
Gyrotropic-nihility state in a composite ferrite-semiconductor structure	2014	Characteristics of the gyrotropic-nihility state are studied in afinely-stratified ferrite-semiconductor structure, which is under an action ofan external static magnetic field. Investigations are carried out with theassistance of the effective medium theory, according to which the studiedstructure is approximated as a uniform gyroelectromagnetic medium. The theoryof the gyrotropic-nihility state is developed in terms of the eigenwavespropagation in such gyroelectromagnetic medium. The frequency and angulardependencies of the transmittance, reflectance and absorption coefficient arepresented. It turns out that in the frequency band around the frequency ofgyrotropic-nihility state the studied structure appears to be matched to freespace with both the refractive index and the wave impedance which results inits high transmittance almost in the entire range of angles of theelectromagnetic wave incidence.
Microstructural Evolution of Charged Defects in the Fatigue Process of  Polycrystalline BiFeO3 Thin Films	2014	"Fatigue failure in ferroelectrics has been intensively investigated in thepast few decades. Most of the mechanisms discussed for ferroelectric fatiguehave been built on the ""hypothesis of variation in charged defects"", whichhowever are rarely evidenced by experimental observation. Here, using acombination of complex impedance spectra techniques, piezoresponse forcemicroscopy and first-principles theory, we examine the microscopic evolutionand redistribution of charged defects during the electrical cycling in BiFeO3thin films. The dynamic formation and melting behaviors of oxygen vacancy (VO)order are identified during the fatigue process. It reveals that the isolatedVO tend to self-order along grain boundaries to form a planar-alignedstructure, which blocks the domain reversals. Upon further electrical cycling,migration of VO within vacancy clusters is accommodated with a lower energybarrier (~0.2 eV) and facilitates the formation of nearby-electrode layerincorporated with highly concentrated VO. The interplay between the macroscopicfatigue and microscopic evolution of charged defects clearly demonstrates therole of ordered VO cluster in the fatigue failure of BiFeO3 thin films."
Multi-qubit time-bin quantum RAM	2014	We have proposed a scheme of multi-qubit \textit{quantum random accessmemory} (qRAM) based on the impedance matched photon echo quantum memoryincorporated together with the control three-level atom in two coupled QEDcavities. A set of matching conditions for basic physical parameters of theqRAM scheme that provides an efficient quantum control of the fast singlephoton storage and read-out has been found. In particular, it was found thatthe qRAM operation is determined by the properties of the photonic molecularrealized in the qRAM dynamics. Herein, the maximal efficiency of the qRAM isachieved when the cooperativety parameter of the photonic molecular equals tounity that can be easily experimentally implemented. The quantum address of thestored photonic qubits can be put into practice when the address is encoded inphotonic multi-time-bin state. We discuss the advantages of the qRAM in termsof working with multi-qubit states and the implementation by current quantumtechnologies in the optical and microwave domains.
Fair anonymity for the Tor network	2014	Current anonymizing networks have become an important tool for guaranteeingusers' privacy. However, these platforms can be used to perform illegitimateactions, which sometimes makes service providers see traffic coming from thesenetworks as a probable threat. In order to solve this problem, we propose toadd support for fairness mechanisms to the Tor network. Specifically, byintroducing a slight modification to the key negotiation process with the entryand exit nodes, in the shape of group signatures. By means of these signatures,we set up an access control method to prevent misbehaving users to make use ofthe Tor network. Additionally, we establish a predefined method for denouncingillegitimate actions, which impedes the application of the proposed fairnessmechanisms as a threat eroding users' privacy. As a direct consequence, trafficcoming from Tor would be considered less suspicious by service providers.
Fast computation of Tukey trimmed regions and median in dimension $p>2$	2014	"Given data in $\mathbb{R}^{p}$, a Tukey $\kappa$-trimmed region is the set ofall points that have at least Tukey depth $\kappa$ w.r.t. the data. As they arevisual, affine equivariant and robust, Tukey regions are useful tools innonparametric multivariate analysis. While these regions are easily defined andinterpreted, their practical use in applications has been impeded so far by thelack of efficient computational procedures in dimension $p > 2$. We constructtwo novel algorithms to compute a Tukey $\kappa$-trimmed region, a na\""{i}veone and a more sophisticated one that is much faster than known algorithms.Further, a strict bound on the number of facets of a Tukey region is derived.In a large simulation study the novel fast algorithm is compared with thena\""{i}ve one, which is slower and by construction exact, yielding in everycase the same correct results. Finally, the approach is extended to analgorithm that calculates the innermost Tukey region and its barycenter, theTukey median."
Design of a robust superhydrophobic surface: thermodynamic and kinetic  analysis	2014	The design of a robust superhydrophobic surface is a widely pursuedtopic.While many investigations are limited to applications with high impactvelocities (for raindrops of the order of a few m/s), the essence of robustnessis yet to be analyzed for applications involving quasi-static liquidtransfer.To achieve robustness with high impact velocities, the surfaceparameters (geometrical details, chemistry) have to be selected from a narrowrange of permissible values, which often entail additional manufacturingcosts.From the dual perspectives of thermodynamics and mechanics, we analyzethe significance of robustness for quasi-static drop impact, and present therange of permissible surface characteristics.For surfaces with a Youngs contactangle greater than 90{\deg} and square micropillar geometry, we show thatrobustness can be enforced when an intermediate wetting state (sagged state)impedes transition to a wetted state (Wenzel state).From the standpoint ofmechanics, we use available scientific data to prove that a surface with anytopology must withstand a pressure of 117 Pa to be robust.Finally, permissiblevalues of surface characteristics are determined, which ensure robustness withthermodynamics (formation of sagged state) and mechanics (withstanding 117 Pa).
Reflective Optical Limiter Based on Resonant Transmission	2014	Optical limiters transmit low-level radiation while blocking electromagneticpulses with excessively high energy (energy limiters) or with excessively highpeak intensity (power limiters). A typical optical limiter absorbs most of thehigh-level radiation which can cause its destruction via overheating. Here weintroduce the novel concept of a reflective energy limiter which blockselectromagnetic pulses with excessively high total energy by reflecting themback to space, rather than absorbing them. The idea is to use a defect layerwith temperature dependent loss tangent embedded in a low-loss photonicstructure. The low energy pulses with central frequency close to that of thelocalized defect mode will pass through. But if the cumulative energy carriedby the pulse exceeds certain level, the entire photonic structure reflects theincident light (and does not absorb it!) for a broad frequency window. Theunderlying physical mechanism is based on self-regulated impedance mismatchwhich increases dramatically with the cumulative energy carried by the pulse.
[(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]FeS and the ferromagnetic superconductors  [(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]Fe(S1-xSex) (0<x<1)	2014	[(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]FeS and the series [(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]Fe(S1-xSex) (0<x<1) weresynthesized by hydrothermal methods and characterized by X-ray single crystaland powder diffraction, EDX and chemical analysis. Selenium-rich compounds showthe coexistence of magnetic ordering with superconductivity known from the pureselenium compound. Sulphur doping decreases the critical temperature throughchemical pressure until superconductivity is completely absent in[(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]FeS, while the ferromagnetism in the [(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH] layerspersists. The Li:Fe ratio in the hydroxide layer, and thus the charge transferof 0.2 electrons from the hydroxide to the iron chalcogenide layers remainsunchanged in [(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]Fe(S1-xSex), which indicates that the chemicalpressure effect of the smaller sulphide ions impedes superconductivity in[(Li0.8Fe0.2)OH]FeS
Direct experimental evidence of multiferroicity in a nanocrystalline  Zener polaron ordered manganite	2014	We discuss the particle size driven tunability of the coexistence offerromagnetism and ferroelectricity in Pr0.67Ca0.33MnO3(PCMO) with the help ofx ray diffraction, magnetization, impedance spectroscopy, and remanentpolarization measurements. The remanent polarization measurements using thepositive up negative down method clearly prove the existence offerroelectricity in PCMO with phase separation between Zener polaron(ZP)ordered P21nm and disordered Pbnm structures. We also find that theferroelectric response is enhanced in nanocrystalline samples so long as ZPordering is not destroyed while the long-range antiferromagnetic ordering atlow temperature in bulk system is replaced by ferromagnetic correlations innanoparticles. The conclusion that by reducing the crystallite size it might bepossible to make ferromagnetism and ferroelectricity coexist near roomtemperature should be generally applicable to all ZP ordered manganites.
Carbon Nanotube Based Delay Model For High Speed Energy Efficient on  Chip Data Transmission Using: Current Mode Technique	2014	Speed is a major concern for high density VLSI networks. In this paper theclosed form delay model for current mode signalling in VLSI interconnects hasbeen proposed with resistive load termination. RLC interconnect line ismodelled using characteristic impedance of transmission line and inductiveeffect. The inductive effect is dominant at lower technology node is modelledinto an equivalent resistance. In this model first order transfer function isdesigned using finite difference equation, and by applying the boundaryconditions at the source and load termination. It has been observed that thedominant pole determines system response and delay in the proposed model. UsingCNIA tool (carbon nanotube interconnect analyzer) the interconnect lineparameters has been estimated at 45nm technology node. The novel proposedcurrent mode model superiority has been validated for CNT type of material. Itsuperiority factor remains to 66.66% as compared to voltage mode signalling.And current mode dissipates 0.015pJ energy where as VM consume 0.045pJ for asingle bit transmission across the interconnect over CNT material. Secondly thedamping factor of a lumped RLC circuit is shown to be a useful figure of merit.
Localized systems coupled to small baths: from A$_{nderson}$ to  Z$_{eno}$	2014	"We investigate what happens if an Anderson localized system is coupled to asmall bath, with a discrete spectrum, when the coupling between system and bathis specially chosen so as to never localize the bath. We find that the effectof the bath on localization in the system is a non-monotonic function of thecoupling between system and bath. At weak couplings, the bath facilitatestransport by allowing the system to 'borrow' energy from the bath. But above acertain coupling the bath produces localization, because of an orthogonalitycatastrophe, whereby the bath 'dresses' the system and hence suppresses thehopping matrix element. We call this last regime the regime of""Zeno-localization"", since the physics of this regime is akin to the quantumZeno effect, where frequent measurements of the position of a particle impedeits motion. We confirm our results by numerical exact diagonalization."
Maze Solving Automatons for Self-Healing of Open Interconnects: Modular  Add-on for Circuit Boards	2014	We present the circuit board integration of a self-healing mechanism torepair open faults. The electric field driven mechanism physically restoresfractured interconnects in electronic circuits and has the ability to solvemazes. The repair is performed by conductive particles dispersed in aninsulating fluid. We demonstrate the integration of the healing module ontoprinted circuit boards and the ability of maze solving. We model and performexperiments on the influence of the geometry of the conductive particles aswell as the terminal impedances of the route on the healing efficiency. Thetypical heal rate is 10 $\mu$m/s with healed route having resistance of 100$\Omega$ to 20 k$\Omega$ depending on the materials and concentrations used.
Broadband Filters for Abatement of Spontaneous Emission in Circuit  Quantum Electrodynamics	2015	The ability to perform fast, high-fidelity readout of quantum bits (qubits)is essential to the goal of building a quantum computer. However, coupling afast measurement channel to a superconducting qubit typically also speeds upits relaxation via spontaneous emission. Here we use impedance engineering todesign a filter by which photons may easily leave the resonator at the cavityfrequency but not at the qubit frequency. We implement this broadband filter inboth an on-chip and off-chip configuration.
High-overtone Bulk-Acoustic Resonator gravimetric sensitivity: towards  wideband acoustic spectroscopy	2015	In the context of direct detection sensors with compact dimensions, weinvestigate the gravimetric sensitivity of High-overtone Bulk AcousticResonators, through modeling of their acoustic characteristics and experiment.The high frequency characterizing such devices is expected to induce asignificant effect when the acoustic field boundary conditions are modified bya thin adlayer. Furthermore, the multimode spectral characteristics isconsidered for wideband acoustic spectroscopy of the adlayer, once thegravimetric sensitivity dependence of the various overtones is established.Finally, means of improving the gravimetric sensitivity by confining theacoustic field in a low acoustic-impedance layer is theoretically established.
Beamforming for Magnetic Induction based Wireless Power Transfer Systems  with Multiple Receivers	2015	Magnetic induction (MI) based communication and power transfer systems havegained an increased attention in the recent years. Typical applications forthese systems lie in the area of wireless charging, near-field communication,and wireless sensor networks. For an optimal system performance, the powerefficiency needs to be maximized. Typically, this optimization refers to theimpedance matching and tracking of the split-frequencies. However, an importantrole of magnitude and phase of the input signal has been mostly overlooked.Especially for the wireless power transfer systems with multiple transmittercoils, the optimization of the transmit signals can dramatically improve thepower efficiency. In this work, we propose an iterative algorithm for theoptimization of the transmit signals for a transmitter with three orthogonalcoils and multiple single coil receivers. The proposed scheme significantlyoutperforms the traditional baseline algorithms in terms of power efficiency.
Wideband superconducting nanotube electrometer	2015	We have investigated the microwave response of nanotube Josephson junctionsat 600-900 MHz at microwave powers corresponding to currents from 0 to $2\timesI_{\mathrm C}$ in the junction. Compared with theoretical modeling, theresponse of the junctions correspond well to the lumped element model ofresistively and capacitively shunted junction. We demonstrate the operation ofthese superconducting FETs as charge detectors at high frequencies without anymatching circuits. Gate-voltage-induced charge $Q_{\rm G}$ modifies thecritical current $I_{\rm C}$, which changes the effective impedance of thejunction under microwave irradiation. This change, dependent on the transfercharacteristics $dI_{\mathrm C}/dQ_{\rm G}$, modifies the reflected signal andit can be used for wide band electrometry. We measure a sensitivity of$3.1\times10^{-5}$ $e/\sqrt{\mathrm{Hz}}$ from a sample which has a maximumswitching current of 2.6 nA.
Solution of Optimal Power Flow Problems using Moment Relaxations  Augmented with Objective Function Penalization	2015	"The optimal power flow (OPF) problem minimizes the operating cost of anelectric power system. Applications of convex relaxation techniques to thenon-convex OPF problem have been of recent interest, including work using theLasserre hierarchy of ""moment"" relaxations to globally solve many OPF problems.By preprocessing the network model to eliminate low-impedance lines, this paperdemonstrates the capability of the moment relaxations to globally solve largeOPF problems that minimize active power losses for portions of several Europeanpower systems. Large problems with more general objective functions have thusfar been computationally intractable for current formulations of the momentrelaxations. To overcome this limitation, this paper proposes the combinationof an objective function penalization with the moment relaxations. Thiscombination yields feasible points with objective function values that areclose to the global optimum of several large OPF problems. Compared to anexisting penalization method, the combination of penalization and the momentrelaxations eliminates the need to specify one of the penalty parameters andsolves a broader class of problems."
Phonon Spectrum Engineering in Rolled-up Nano- and Micro-Architectures	2015	We report on a possibility of efficient engineering of the acoustic phononenergy spectrum in multishell tubular structures produced by a novel high-techmethod of self-organization of nano- and micro-architectures. The strain-drivenroll-up procedure paved the way for novel classes of metamaterials such assingle semiconductor radial micro- and nano-crystals and multi-layer spiralmicro- and nano-superlattices. The acoustic phonon dispersion is determined bysolving the equations of elastodynamics for InAs and GaAs material systems. Itis shown that the number of shells is an important control parameter of thephonon dispersion together with the structure dimensions and acoustic impedancemismatch between the superlattice layers. The obtained results suggest thatrolled up nano-architectures have potential for thermoelectric applicationsowing to a possibility of significant reduction of the thermal conductivitywithout degradation of the electronic transport.
A Strategy for Improving the Interfacial Crystallinity and Carrier  Mobility of SnO2 Porous Nanosolids	2015	SnO2 porous nanosolid (PNS) was prepared by a solvothermal hot-press method,and a new strategy was developed to improve its interfacial crystallinity andcarrier mobility. It was found that the carrier mobility of SnO2 PNS wasimproved after being calcined at 500 {\deg}C in high-pressure oxygen.Furthermore, the mobility was greatly increased by calcining SnO2 PNS at 350{\deg}C for 12 h in high-pressure oxygen, and the highest mobility reached 35cm2/Vs. On the other hand, the complex impedance spectra of the samplesrevealed that the annihilation of oxygen vacancies mainly happens within theinterfacial region among SnO2 nanoparticles during the calcinations process inhigh-pressure oxygen. As a result, the interfacial crystallinity was improvedand carrier mobility was increased. Based on the analysis of experimental data,a simple model was proposed to explain the above phenomena. And the simplemodel may find applications in improving the carrier mobility of other oxidesemiconductors used in photovoltaic cells.
An electrical probe of the phonon mean-free path spectrum	2016	Most studies of the mean-free path accumulation function (MFPAF) rely onoptical techniques to probe heat transfer at length scales on the order of thephonon mean-free path. In this paper, we propose and implement a purelyelectrical probe of the MFPAF that relies on photo-lithographically definedheater-thermometer separation to set the length scale. An important advantageof the proposed technique is its insensitivity to the thermal interfacialimpedance and its compatibility with a large array of temperature-controlledchambers that lack optical ports. Detailed analysis of the experimental databased on the enhanced Fourier law (EFL) demonstrates that heat-carrying phononsin gallium arsenide have a much wider mean-free path spectrum than originallythought.
Density-Matrix Propagation Driven by Semiclassical Correlation	2016	Methods based on propagation of the one-body reduced density-matrix hold muchpromise for the simulation of correlated many-electron dynamics far fromequilibrium, but difficulties with finding good approximations for theinteraction term in its equation of motion have so far impeded theirapplication. These difficulties include the violation of fundamental physicalprinciples such as energy conservation, positivity conditions on the density,or unchanging natural orbital occupation numbers. We review some of the recentefforts to confront these problems, and explore a semiclassical approximationfor electron correlation coupled to time-dependent Hartree-Fock propagation. Wefind that this approach captures changing occupation numbers, and excitationsto doubly-excited states, improving over TDHF and adiabatic approximations indensity-matrix propagation. However, it does not guarantee $N$-representabilityof the density-matrix, consequently resulting sometimes in violation ofpositivity conditions, even though a purely semiclassical treatment preservesthese conditions.
Comparison of linear and non-linear monotononicity-based shape  reconstruction using exact matrix characterizations	2016	Detecting inhomogeneities in the electrical conductivity is a special case ofthe inverse problem in electrical impedance tomography, that leads to fastdirect reconstruction methods. One such method can, under reasonableassumptions, exactly characterize the inhomogeneities based on monotonicityproperties of either the Neumann-to-Dirichlet map (non-linear) or its Fr\'echetderivative (linear). We give a comparison of the non-linear and linear approachin the presence of measurement noise, and show numerically that the two methodsgive essentially the same reconstruction in the unit disk domain. For a faircomparison, exact matrix characterizations are used when probing themonotonicity relations to avoid errors from numerical solution to PDEs andnumerical integration. Using a special factorization of theNeumann-to-Dirichlet map also makes the non-linear method as fast as the linearmethod in the unit disk geometry.
Controlled long-range interactions between Rydberg atoms and ions	2016	We theoretically investigate trapped ions interacting with atoms that arecoupled to Rydberg states. The strong polarizabilities of the Rydberg levelsincreases the interaction strength between atoms and ions by many orders ofmagnitude, as compared to the case of ground state atoms, and may be mediatedover micrometers. We calculate that such interactions can be used to generateentanglement between an atom and the motion or internal state of an ion.Furthermore, the ion could be used as a bus for mediating spin-spininteractions between atomic spins in analogy to much employed techniques in iontrap quantum simulation. The proposed scheme comes with attractive features asit maps the benefits of the trapped ion quantum system onto the atomic onewithout obviously impeding its intrinsic scalability. No ground state coolingof the ion or atom is required and the setup allows for full dynamical control.Moreover, the scheme is to a large extent immune to the micromotion of the ion.Our findings are of interest for developing hybrid quantum informationplatforms and for implementing quantum simulations of solid state physics.
Transfer of Learning in Quantum Mechanics	2016	We investigate the difficulties that undergraduate students in quantummechanics courses have in transferring learning from previous courses or withinthe same course from one context to another by administering written tests andconducting individual interviews. Quantum mechanics is abstract and itsparadigm is very different from the classical one. A good grasp of theprinciples of quantum mechanics requires creating and organizing a knowledgestructure consistent with the quantum postulates. Previously learned conceptssuch as the principle of superposition and probability can be useful in quantummechanics if students are given opportunity to build associations between newand prior knowledge. We also discuss the need for better alignment betweenquantum mechanics and modern physics courses taken previously becausesemi-classical models can impede internalization of the quantum paradigm inmore advanced courses.
Laser-assisted Oxidation of Multi-layer Tungsten Diselenide Nanosheets	2016	We report the structural and electrical characterization of tungsten oxidesformed by illuminating multi-layer tungsten diselenide (WSe2) nanosheets withan intense laser beam in the ambient environment. A noninvasive microwaveimpedance microscope (MIM) was used to perform electrical imaging of thesamples. The local conductivity ~100 S/m of the oxidized product, measured bythe MIM and conventional transport experiments, is much higher than that of thepristine WSe2, suggesting the formation of sub-stoichiometric WO3-xpolycrystals with n-type carriers. With further efforts to improve theconductivity of the oxides, the laser-assisted oxidation process may be usefulfor patterning conductive features on WSe2 or forming electrical contacts tovarious transition metal dichalcogenides.
Experimental Performance Evaluation of Cloud-Based  Analytics-as-a-Service	2016	An increasing number of Analytics-as-a-Service solutions has recently seenthe light, in the landscape of cloud-based services. These services allowflexible composition of compute and storage components, that create powerfuldata ingestion and processing pipelines. This work is a first attempt at anexperimental evaluation of analytic application performance executed using awide range of storage service configurations. We present an intuitive notion ofdata locality, that we use as a proxy to rank different service compositions interms of expected performance. Through an empirical analysis, we dissect theperformance achieved by analytic workloads and unveil problems due to theimpedance mismatch that arise in some configurations. Our work paves the way toa better understanding of modern cloud-based analytic services and theirperformance, both for its end-users and their providers.
Towards Sub-Word Level Compositions for Sentiment Analysis of  Hindi-English Code Mixed Text	2016	Sentiment analysis (SA) using code-mixed data from social media has severalapplications in opinion mining ranging from customer satisfaction to socialcampaign analysis in multilingual societies. Advances in this area are impededby the lack of a suitable annotated dataset. We introduce a Hindi-English(Hi-En) code-mixed dataset for sentiment analysis and perform empiricalanalysis comparing the suitability and performance of various state-of-the-artSA methods in social media.  In this paper, we introduce learning sub-word level representations in LSTM(Subword-LSTM) architecture instead of character-level or word-levelrepresentations. This linguistic prior in our architecture enables us to learnthe information about sentiment value of important morphemes. This also seemsto work well in highly noisy text containing misspellings as shown in ourexperiments which is demonstrated in morpheme-level feature maps learned by ourmodel. Also, we hypothesize that encoding this linguistic prior in theSubword-LSTM architecture leads to the superior performance. Our system attainsaccuracy 4-5% greater than traditional approaches on our dataset, and alsooutperforms the available system for sentiment analysis in Hi-En code-mixedtext by 18%.
Algorithms and analyses for stochastic optimization for turbofan noise  reduction using parallel reduced-order modeling	2016	Simulation-based optimization of acoustic liner design in a turbofan enginenacelle for noise reduction purposes can dramatically reduce the cost and timeneeded for experimental designs. Because uncertainties are inevitable in thedesign process, a stochastic optimization algorithm is posed based on theconditional value-at-risk measure so that an ideal acoustic liner impedance isdetermined that is robust in the presence of uncertainties. A parallelreduced-order modeling framework is developed that dramatically improves thecomputational efficiency of the stochastic optimization solver for a realisticnacelle geometry. The reduced stochastic optimization solver takes less than500 seconds to execute. In addition, well-posedness and finite element erroranalyses of the state system and optimization problem are provided.
Characterization of Surface-Plasmon Polaritons at Lossy Interfaces	2016	We characterize surface-plasmon polaritons at lossy planar interfaces betweenone dispersive and one nondispersive linear isotropic homogeneous media, i.e.,materials or metamaterials. Specifically we solve Maxwell's equations to obtainstrict bounds for the permittivity and permeability of these media such thatsatisfying these bounds implies surface-plasmon polaritons successfullypropagate at the interface, and violation of the bounds impedes propagation,i.e., the field delocalizes from the surface into the bulk. Ourcharacterization of surface-plasmon polaritons is valuable for checkingviability of a proposed application, and, as an example, we employ our methodto falsify a previous prediction that surface-plasmon propagation through asurface of a double-negative refractive index medium occurs for anypermittivity and permeability; instead we show that propagation can occur onlyfor certain medium parameters.
Can Big Media Data Revolutionarize Gun Violence Prevention?	2016	The scientific method drives improvements in public health, but a strategy ofobstructionism has impeded scientists from gathering even a minimal amount ofinformation to address America's gun violence epidemic. We argue that in spiteof a lack of federal investment, large amounts of publicly available data offerscientists an opportunity to measure a range of firearm-related behaviors.Given the diversity of available data - including news coverage, social media,web forums, online advertisements, and Internet searches (to name a few) -there are ample opportunities for scientists to study everything from trends inparticular types of gun violence to gun-related behaviors (such as purchasesand safety practices) to public understanding of and sentiment towards variousgun violence reduction measures. Science has been sidelined in the gun violencedebate for too long. Scientists must tap the big media data stream and helpresolve this crisis.
Origin of multistate resistive switching in Ti/manganite/Si$O_x$/Si  heterostructures	2016	We report on the growth and characterization ofTi/$La_{1/3}$$Ca_{2/3}$Mn$O_3$/Si$O_x$/n-Si memristive devices. We demonstratethat using current as electrical stimulus unveils an intermediate resistancestate, in addition to the usual high and low resistance states that areobserved in standard voltage controlled experiments. Based on thoroughelectrical characterization (impedance spectroscopy, current-voltage curvesanalysis), we disclose the contribution of three different microscopic regionsof the device to the transport properties: an ohmic incomplete metallicfilament, a thin manganite layer below the filament tip exhibitingPoole-Frenkel like conduction, and the SiOx layer with an electrical responsewell characterized by a Child-Langmuir law. Our results suggest that theexistence of the SiOx layer plays a key role in the stabilization of theintermediate resistance level, indicating that the combination of two or moreactive RS oxides adds functionalities in relation to single-oxide devices. Weunderstand that these multilevel devices are interesting and promising as theirfabrication procedure is rather simple and they are fully compatible withstandard Si-based electronics.
Nanostructured LnBaCo2O6-d (Ln = Sm, Gd) with layered structure for  Intermediate Temperature SOFC cathodes	2016	We evaluated for the first time the use of nanostructured layered perovskitesof formulae LnBaCo2O6-d with Ln = Sm and Gd (SBCO and GBCO, respetively) asSOFC cathodes, finding promising electrochemical properties in the intermediatetemperature range (~700{\deg}C). The synthesis of these nanomaterials, notreported before, was achieved by using porous templates to confine the chemicalreagents in regions of about 200 nm and 800 nm. The performance ofnanostructured SBCO and GBCO cathodes for the oxygen reduction reaction wasanalyzed in symmetrical cells using Gd2O3-doped CeO2 (GDC) as electrolyte. Forthis purpose, nanostructured SBCO and GBCO cathodes were deposited on bothsides of the electrolyte by a simple thick-film procedure and evaluated byElectrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy technique under different operatingconditions. We found that cathodes synthesized using smaller template poresexhibited better performance. Besides, SBCO cathodes displayed lowerarea-specific resistance than GBCO ones.
Robust Solid State Quantum System Operating at 800 K	2016	Realization of Quantum information and communications technologies requiresrobust, stable solid state single photon sources. However, most existingsources cease to function above cryogenic or room temperature due to thermalionization or strong phonon coupling which impede their emissive and quantumproperties. Here we present an efficient single photon source based on a defectin a van der Waals crystal that is optically stable and operates at elevatedtemperatures of up to 800 K. The quantum nature of the source and the photonpurity are maintained upon heating to 800 K and cooling back to roomtemperature. Our report of a robust high temperature solid state single photonsource constitutes a significant step to-wards practical, integrated quantumtechnologies for real-world environments.
An equilibrated fluxes approach to the certified descent algorithm for  shape optimization using conforming finite element and discontinuous Galerkin  discretizations	2016	The certified descent algorithm (CDA) is a gradient-based method for shapeoptimization which certifies that the direction computed using the shapegradient is a genuine descent direction for the objective functional underanalysis. It relies on the computation of an upper bound of the errorintroduced by the finite element approximation of the shape gradient. In thispaper, we present a goal-oriented error estimator which depends solely on localquantities and is fully-computable. By means of the equilibrated fluxesapproach, we construct a unified strategy valid for both conforming finiteelement approximations and discontinuous Galerkin discretizations. The newvariant of the CDA is tested on the inverse identification problem ofelectrical impedance tomography: both its ability to identify a genuine descentdirection at each iteration and its reliable stopping criterion are confirmed.
A power consensus algorithm for DC microgrids	2016	A novel power consensus algorithm for DC microgrids is proposed and analyzed.DC microgrids are networks composed of DC sources, loads, and interconnectinglines. They are represented by differential-algebraic equations connected overan undirected weighted graph that models the electrical circuit. A second graphrepresents the communication network over which the source nodes exchangeinformation about the instantaneous powers, which is used to adjust theinjected current accordingly. This give rise to a nonlinear consensus-likesystem of differential-algebraic equations that is analyzed via Lyapunovfunctions inspired by the physics of the system. We establish convergence tothe set of equilibria consisting of weighted consensus power vectors as well aspreservation of the weighted geometric mean of the source voltages. The resultsapply to networks with constant impedance, constant current and constant powerloads.
The original nucleation and migration of the basal/prismatic interfaces  in Mg single crystals	2016	The formation of basal/prismatic (BP) interfaces accompanying with thenucleation and growth of a reoriented crystal in Mg single-crystals underc-axis tension is investigated by molecular dynamics simulations. The BPinterfaces nucleate by shuffling mechanism via local rearrangements of atoms.Both two-layer disconnections and one-layer disconnections contribute to themigration of BP interfaces. In a three-dimensional view, the BP interfacesrelatively tend to migrate towards the [1-210] direction rather than the[-1010]/[0001] direction since the misfit disconnection or misfit dislocationcaused by the accumulation of mismatch along the [-1010] /[0001] directionimpedes the disconnection movement. The BP interfaces can transform to the{10-12} twin boundary (TB) and vice versa. While the process from BP interfaceto TB is described as the linear pile-up of interface disconnections, the versatransformation is proposed as the upright pile-up process. Both BPtransformation and {10-12} twinning can efficiently accommodate the strainalong the c-axis, and the conjugate BP interfaces and {10-12} TBs account forthe large deviations of twin interfaces from the {10-12} twin plane.
A Parallelized Vlasov-Fokker-Planck-Solver for Desktop PCs	2016	The numerical solution of the Vlasov-Fokker-Planck equation is a wellestablished method to simulate the dynamics, including the self-interactionwith its own wake field, of an electron bunch in a storage ring. In this paperwe present Inovesa, a modularly extensible program that uses OpenCL tomassively parallelize the computation. It allows a standard desktop PC to workwith appropriate accuracy and yield reliable results within minutes. We providenumerical stability-studies over a wide parameter range and compare ournumerical findings to known results. Simulation results for the case ofcoherent synchrotron radiation will be compared to measurements that probe theeffects of the micro-bunching instability occurring in the short bunchoperation at ANKA. It will be shown that the impedance model based on theshielding effect of two parallel plates can not only describe the instabilitythreshold, but also the presence of multiple regimes that show differences inthe emission of coherent synchrotron radiation.
Inverse obstacle scattering with non-over-determined data	2016	It is proved that the scattering amplitude $A(\beta, \alpha_0, k_0)$, knownfor all $\beta\in S^2$, where $S^2$ is the unit sphere in $\mathbb{R}^3$, andfixed $\alpha_0\in S^2$ and $k_0>0$, determines uniquely the surface $S$ of theobstacle $D$ and the boundary condition on $S$. The boundary condition on $S$is assumed to be the Dirichlet, or Neumann, or the impedance one. Theuniqueness theorem for the solution of multidimensional inverse scatteringproblems with non-over-determined data was not known for many decades. Adetailed proof of such a theorem is given in this paper for inverse scatteringby obstacles for the first time. It follows from our results that thescattering solution vanishing on the boundary $S$ of the obstacle cannot haveclosed surfaces of zeros in the exterior of the obstacle different from $S$. Tohave a uniqueness theorem for inverse scattering problems withnon-over-determined data is of principal interest because these are the minimalscattering data that allow one to uniquely recover the scatterer.
Flat-lens design using Field Transformation and its comparison with  those based on Transformation Optics and Ray Optics	2013	This paper proposes a technique for designing flat lenses using FieldTransformation (FT), as opposed to Ray Optics (RO) or Transformation Optics(TO). The lens design consists of 10 layers of graded index dielectric in theradial direction and 5 layers in the longitudinal direction. The central layerin the longitudinal direction primarily contributes to a bulk of the phasetransformation, while the other four layers, above and below this middle layeron either side, act as matching layers that help reduce the reflectionsintroduced by the impedance mismatch at the interfaces of the middle layer. Thepaper compares the performance of the lens, so designed, with those based onthe RO and TO techniques. We show that the proposed lens design using fieldtransformation is broadband, has a better than 1 dB higher gain compared to theRO and TO based designs over a wider frequency band, and that its scancapability is superior as well.
How substance-based ontologies for gravity can be productive: A case  study	2013	Many science education researchers have argued that learners' commitment to asubstance (matter-based) ontology impedes the learning of scientific conceptsthat scientists typically conceptualize as processes or interactions, such assuch as force, electric current, and heat. By this account, students' tendencyto classify these entities as substances or properties of substances leads torobust misconceptions, and instruction should steer novices away fromsubstance-based reasoning. We argue that substance-based reasoning, when itsupports learners' sense-making, can form the seeds for sophisticatedunderstanding of these very same physics concepts. We present a case study of agroup of elementary school science teachers in our professional developmentprogram. The teachers build a sophisticated explanation for why objects ofdifferent masses have the same acceleration due to gravity, starting fromsubstance-based metaphors for gravity. We argue that, for conceptual,epistemological, and affective reasons, instructional interventions shouldfocus on tapping these productive matter-based resources rather than attemptingto replace them.
Effects of Functionalization on Thermal Properties of Single-Wall and  Multi-Wall Carbon Nanotube - Polymer Nanocomposites	2013	Carboxylic functionalization (-COOH groups) of carbon nanotubes is known toimprove their dispersion properties and increase the electrical conductivity ofcarbon-nanotube - polymer nanocomposites. We have studied experimentally theeffects of this type of functionalization on the thermal conductivity of thenanocomposites. It was found that while even small quantities of carbonnanotubes (~1 wt%) can increase the electrical conductivity, a larger loadingfraction (~3 wt%) is required to enhance the thermal conductivity ofnanocomposites. Functionalized multi-wall carbon nanotubes performed the bestas filler material leading to a simultaneous improvement of the electrical andthermal properties of the composites. Functionalization of the single-wallcarbon nanotubes reduced the thermal conductivity enhancement. The observedtrends were explained by the fact that while surface functionalizationincreases the coupling between carbon nanotube and polymer matrix it also leadsto formation of defects, which impede the acoustic phonon transport in thesingle wall carbon nanotubes. The obtained results are important forapplications of carbon nanotubes and graphene flakes as fillers for improvingthermal, electrical and mechanical properties of composites.
A new acoustic lens material for large area detectors in photoacoustic  breast tomography	2013	Acoustic lenses made of acrylic plastic (PMMA) have been used to enlarge theacceptance angle of sensitive large surface area detectors and improve lateralresolution. However, PMMA lenses introduce image artifacts due to ultrasoundinternal reflections within the lenses. In this work we investigated this issueproposing a new lens material Stycast 1090SI. We characterized the acousticproperties of the proposed material in comparison with PMMA. Detectorperformance using negative lenses with the two materials, was tested usingfinite element simulation and experiment. Further the image quality of aphotoacoustic tomography system was studied using k-Wave simulation andexperiment. Our acoustic characterization showed that Stycast 1090SI hastissue-like acoustic impedance, high speed of sound and low acousticattenuation. Both acoustic lenses show significant enlargement of detectoracceptance angle and lateral resolution improvement. However, image artifactsinduced by acoustic lenses are reduced using the proposed lens compared to PMMAlens.
Identification of vortexes obstructing the dynamo mechanism in  laboratory experiments	2013	The magnetohydrodynamic dynamo effect explains the generation ofself-sustained magnetic fields in electrically conducting flows, especially ingeo- and astrophysical environments. Yet the details of this mechanism arestill unknown, e.g., how and to which extent the geometry, the fluid topology,the forcing mechanism and the turbulence can have a negative effect on thisprocess. We report on numerical simulations carried out in spherical geometry,analyzing the predicted velocity flow with the so-called Singular ValueDecomposition, a powerful technique that allows us to precisely identifyvortexes in the flow which would be difficult to characterize with conventionalspectral methods. We then quantify the contribution of these vortexes to thegrowth rate of the magnetic energy in the system. We identify an axisymmetricvortex, whose rotational direction changes periodically in time, and whosedynamics are decoupled from those of the large scale background flow, isdetrimental for the dynamo effect. A comparison with experiments is carriedout, showing that similar dynamics were observed in cylindrical geometry. Thesepreviously unexpected eddies, which impede the dynamo effect, offer anexplanation for the experimental difficulties in attaining a dynamo inspherical geometry.
Integral Equation Analysis of Plane Wave Scattering by Coplanar  Graphene-Strip Gratings in the THz Range	2013	The plane wave scattering and absorption by finite and infinite gratings offree-space standing infinitely long graphene strips are studied in the THzrange. A novel numerical approach, based on graphene surface impedance,hyper-singular integral equations, and the Nystrom method, is proposed. Thistechnique guarantees fast convergence and controlled accuracy of computations.Reflectance, transmittance, and absorbance are carefully studied as a functionof graphene and grating parameters, revealing the presence of surface plasmonresonances. Specifically, larger graphene relaxation times increases the numberof resonances in the THz range, leading to higher wave transmittance due to thereduced losses; on the other hand an increase of graphene chemical potentialup-shifts the frequency of plasmon resonances. It is also shown that arelatively low number of graphene strips (>10) are able to reproduce Rayleighanomalies. These features make graphene strips good candidates for manyapplications, including tunable absorbers and frequency selective surfaces.
A waveguide overloaded cavity kicker for the HLS II longitudinal  feedback system	2013	In the upgrade project of Hefei Light Source (HLS II), a new digitallongitudinal bunch-by-bunch feedback system will be developed to suppress thecoupled bunch instabilities in the storage ring effectively. We design a newwaveguide overloaded cavity longitudinal feedback kicker as the feedbackactuator. The beam pipe of the kicker is racetrack shape so as to avoid atransition part to the octagonal vacuum chamber. The central frequency and thebandwidth of the kicker have been simulated and optimized to achieve designgoals by the HFSS code. The higher shunt impedance can be obtained by using anose cone to reduce the feedback power requirement. Before the kicker cavitywas installed in the storage ring, a variety of measurements were carried outto check its performance. All these results of simulation and measurement arepresented.
Highly efficient spin transport in epitaxial graphene on SiC	2013	Spin information processing is a possible new paradigm for post-CMOS(complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) electronics and efficient spinpropagation over long distances is fundamental to this vision. However, despiteseveral decades of intense research, a suitable platform is still wanting. Wereport here on highly efficient spin transport in two-terminalpolarizer/analyser devices based on high-mobility epitaxial graphene grown onsilicon carbide. Taking advantage of high-impedance injecting/detecting tunneljunctions, we show spin transport efficiencies up to 75%, spin signals in themega-ohm range and spin diffusion lengths exceeding 100 {\mu}m. This enablesspintronics in complex structures: devices and network architectures relying onspin information processing, well beyond present spintronics applications, cannow be foreseen.
The chiral condensate in neutron matter	2013	We calculate the chiral condensate in neutron matter at zero temperaturebased on nuclear forces derived within chiral effective field theory. Two-,three- and four-nucleon interactions are included consistently tonext-to-next-to-next-to-leading order (N3LO) of the chiral expansion. We findthat the interaction contributions lead to a modest increase of the condensate,thus impeding the restoration of chiral symmetry in dense matter and making achiral phase transition in neutron-rich matter unlikely for densities that arenot significantly higher than nuclear saturation density.
Energy Storage System Design for a Power Buffer System to Provide Load  Ride-through	2013	The design of a power buffer to mitigate the negative impact of constantpower loads on voltage stability as well as enhancing ride-through capabilityfor the loads during upstream voltage disturbances is examined. The powerbuffer adjusts its front-end converter control so that the buffer-loadcombination would appear as a constant impedance load to the upstream supplysystem when depressed voltage occurs. A battery energy-storage back-up sourcewithin the buffer is activated to maintain the load power demand. It is shownthat the buffer performance is affected by the battery state of discharge anddischarge current. Analytical expressions are also derived to relate thebuffer-load ride-through capability with the battery state-of-discharge. Themost onerous buffer-battery condition under which the load-ride through can beachieved has been identified.
Realization of an all-dielectric zero-index optical metamaterial	2013	Metamaterials offer unprecedented flexibility for manipulating the opticalproperties of matter, including the ability to access negative index,ultra-high index and chiral optical properties. Recently, metamaterials withnear-zero refractive index have drawn much attention. Light inside suchmaterials experiences no spatial phase change and extremely large phasevelocity, properties that can be applied for realizing directional emission,tunneling waveguides, large area single mode devices, and electromagneticcloaks. However, at optical frequencies previously demonstrated zero- ornegative-refractive index metamaterials require the use of metallic inclusions,leading to large ohmic loss, a serious impediment to device applications. Here,we experimentally demonstrate an impedance matched zero-index metamaterial atoptical frequencies based on purely dielectric constituents. Formed fromstacked silicon rod unit cells, the metamaterial possesses a nearly isotropiclow-index response leading to angular selectivity of transmission and directiveemission from quantum dots placed within the material.
Thermal Rectification and Negative Differential Thermal Resistance in a  driven two segment classical Heisenberg chain	2013	We investigate thermal transport in a two segment classical Heisenberg spinchain with nearest neighbor interaction and in presence of external magneticfield using computer simulation. The system is thermally driven by heat bathsattached at the two ends and transport properties are studied using an energyconserving dynamics. We demonstrate that by properly tuning the parametersthermal rectification can be achieved - the system behaves as a good conductorof heat along one direction but becomes a bad conductor when the thermalgradient is reversed and crucially depends on nonlinearity and spatialasymmetry. Moreover, suitable tuning of the system parameters gives rise to thecounterintuitive and technologically important feature known as the negativedifferential thermal resistance (NDTR). We find that the crucial factorresponsible for the emergence of NDTR is a suitable mechanism to impede thecurrent in the bulk of the system.
Efficient simulation of the random-cluster model	2013	The simulation of spin models close to critical points of continuous phasetransitions is heavily impeded by the occurrence of critical slowing down. Anumber of cluster algorithms, usually based on the Fortuin-Kasteleynrepresentation of the Potts model, and suitable generalizations forcontinuous-spin models have been used to increase simulation efficiency. Thefirst algorithm making use of this representation, suggested by Sweeny in 1983,has not found widespread adoption due to problems in its implementation.However, it has been recently shown that it is indeed more efficient inreducing critical slowing down than the more well-known algorithm due toSwendsen and Wang. Here, we present an efficient implementation of Sweeny'sapproach for the random-cluster model using recent algorithmic advances indynamic connectivity algorithms.
Correlated transport through junction arrays in the small Josephson  energy limit: incoherent Cooper-pairs and hot electrons	2013	We study correlated transport in a Josephson junction array for smallJosephson energies. In this regime transport is dominated by Cooper-pairhopping, although we observe that quasiparticles can not be neglected. Weassume that the energy dissipated by a Cooper-pair is absorbed by the intrinsicimpedance of the array. This allows us to formulate explicit Cooper-pairhopping rates without adding any parameters to the system. We show that thecurrent is correlated and crucially, these correlations rely fundamentally onthe interplay between the Cooper-pairs and equilibrium quasiparticles.
Rheological and Electrical Transitions in Carbon Nanotube/Epoxy  Suspensions	2013	The rheological and electrical properties of suspensions of carbon nanotubesin an uncured epoxy resin were investigated by means of shear rheology andimpedance spectroscopy. It was found that above an onset CNT weight fraction(0.1 wt %), the steady viscosity increased with CNT loading and presented ashear thinning behaviour. The concentration dependence of viscosity changedfrom a power law to an exponential with increasing shear rate, indicating aloss of interaction between aggregates and CNT network breakage. Thefluid-to-solidlike and insulator-to-conductor transitions occurred in the sameCNT weight fraction range between 0.5 and 0.6 wt %. The correspondence of thesetransitions was explained by the reduction of contact resistance between CNT bystiffening of the CNT network leading to improved electronic transport.
Visualization of EIS at large potential range - new insights	2013	Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) is an experimental techniquelargely used in electrochemistry and corrosion studies. However, almost allpublished papers have just measured the EIS at the corrosion potential,especially for corrosion purposes. This fact limits the capability of thetechnique. In this paper, a Scilab software was developed which allows thevisualization of multiple EIS diagrams regarding the potential, exposure timeor experiment run. This procedure was applied to austenitic stainless steels intwo electrolytes from cathodic to anodic potentials. The EIS maps with two- orthree- dimensions were very useful to depict the evolution of the surface withrespect to the large range of applied potential. Some results are shown tohighlight the usefulness of this approach as a complementary technique to theDC test performed at a given potential range.
Spin-Orbit Coupled One-Dimensional Fermi Gases with Infinite Repulsion	2013	The current efforts of studying many-body effects with spin-orbit coupling(SOC) using alkali-metal atoms are impeded by the heating effects due tospontaneous emission. Here, we show that even for SOCs too weak to cause anyheating, dramatic many-body effects can emerge in a one-dimensional(1D) spin1/2 Fermi gas provided the interaction is sufficiently repulsive. For weakrepulsion, the effect of a weak SOC (with strength $\Omega$) is perturbative.inducing a weak spin spiral (with magnitude proportional to $\Omega$). However,as the repulsion $g$ increases beyond a critical value ($g_c\sim 1/\Omega$),the magnitude of the spin spiral rises rapidly to a value of order 1(independent of $\Omega$). Moreover, near $g=+\infty$, the spins of neighboringfermions can interfere destructively due to quantum fluctuations of particlemotion, strongly distorting the spin spiral and pulling the spins substantiallyaway from the direction of the local field at various locations. These effectsare consequences of the spin-charge separation in the strongly repulsive limit.They will also occur in other 1D quantum gases with higher spins.
Non-equilibrium Thermal Super-radiation of Real Materials	2013	We elucidate the theoretically maximal thermal radiation power from realmaterials at a given temperature. Our results demonstrate that the thermalradiation from real materials may be larger than the blackbody emission in freespace,and indicate that this is rooted in the high refractive index of thematerials. The refractive index contrast between the materials and environmentdictates the radiation of real materials genetically not under thermodynamicequilibrium, but on the other hand can give rise to a larger density ofphotonic modes than that of the blackbody. One key to maximize the thermalradiation is to minimize the impedance mismatch of the materials withenvironment. By following this principle, we present a design of a carbon corecoated by a four-layer transparent shell with gradually changed refractiveindexes that can emit > 30 times more power than the blackbody, whichreasonably approaches the predicted radiation maximum.
User Effects in Beam-Space MIMO	2013	The performance and design of the novel single-RF-chain beam-space MIMOantenna concept is evaluated for the first time in the presence of the user.First, the variations of different performance parameters are evaluated whenplacing a beam-space MIMO antenna in close proximity to the user body inseveral typical operating scenarios. In addition to the typical degradation ofconventional antennas in terms of radiation efficiency and impedance matching,it is observed that the user body corrupts the power balance and theorthogonality of the beam-space MIMO basis. However, capacity analyses showthat throughput reduction mainly stems from the absorption in user body tissuesrather than from the power imbalance and the correlation of the basis. Theseresults confirm that the beam-space MIMO concept, so far only demonstrated inthe absence of external perturbation, still performs very well in typical humanbody interaction scenarios.
Propagation Distance Required to Reach Steady-State Detonation Velocity  in Finite-Sized Charges	2014	The decay of a detonation wave from its initial CJ velocity to its final,steady state velocity upon encountering a finite thickness or diameter chargeis investigated numerically and theoretically. The numerical simulations use anideal gas equation of state and pressure dependent reaction rate in order toensure a stable wave structure. The confinement is also treated as an ideal gaswith variable impedance. The velocity decay along the centerline is extractedfrom the simulations and compared to predictions base on a front evolutionequation that uses the steady state detonation velocity-front curvaturerelation ($D_n-\kappa$). This model fails to capture the finite signaling speedof the leading rarefaction resulting from the interaction with the yieldingconfinement. This signaling speed is verified to be the maximum signal velocityoccurring in the ideal ZND wave structure of the initial CJ velocity. A simpleheuristic model based on the rarefaction generated by a one-dimensionalinteraction between the post-shock state and the confinement is proposed toprovide an approximate description of the rest of the relaxation to steadystate velocity.
Generalized cable formalism to calculate the magnetic field of single  neurons and neuronal populations	2014	"Neurons generate magnetic fields which can be recorded with macroscopictechniques such as magneto-encephalography. The theory that accounts for thegenesis of neuronal magnetic fields involves dendritic cable structures inhomogeneous resistive extracellular media. Here, we generalize this model byconsidering dendritic cables in extracellular media with arbitrarily complexelectric properties. This method is based on a multi-scale mean-field theorywhere the neuron is considered in interaction with a ""mean"" extracellularmedium (characterized by a specific impedance). We first show that, asexpected, the generalized cable equation and the standard cable generatemagnetic fields that mostly depend on the axial current in the cable, with amoderate contribution of extracellular currents. Less expected, we also showthat the nature of the extracellular and intracellular media influence theaxial current, and thus also influence neuronal magnetic fields. We illustratethese properties by numerical simulations and suggest experiments to test thesefindings."
Mesoscale Imperfections in MoS2 Atomic Layers Grown by Vapor Transport  Technique	2014	The success of isolating small flakes of atomically thin layers throughmechanical exfoliation has triggered enormous research interest in graphene andother two-dimensional materials. For device applications, however, controlledlarge-area synthesis of highly crystalline monolayers with a low density ofelectronically active defects is imperative. Here, we demonstrate theelectrical imaging of dendritic ad-layers and grain boundaries in monolayermolybdenum disulfide (MoS2) grown by vapor transport technique using microwaveimpedance microscopy. The micrometer-sized precipitates in our films, whichappear as a second layer of MoS2 in conventional height and opticalmeasurements, show 2 orders of magnitude higher conductivity than that of thesingle layer. The zigzag grain boundaries, on the other hand, are shown to bemore resistive than the crystalline grains, consistent with previous studies.Our ability to map the local electrical properties in a rapid andnondestructive manner is highly desirable for optimizing the growth process oflarge-scale MoS2 atomic layers.
Electron and Hole Mobilities in Single-Layer WSe2	2014	Single-layer transition metal dichalcogenide (TMD) WSe2 has recentlyattracted a lot of attention because it is a 2D semiconductor with a directband-gap. Due to low doping levels it is intrinsic and shows ambipolartransport. This opens up the possibility to realize devices with the Fermilevel located in valence band, where the spin/valley coupling is strong andleads to new and interesting physics. As a consequence of its intrinsically lowdoping, large Schottky barriers form between WSe2 and metal contacts, whichimpede the injection of charges at low temperatures. Here, we report on thestudy of single-layer WSe2 transistors with a polymer electrolyte gate(PEO:LiClO4). Polymer electrolytes allow the charge carrier densities to bemodulated to very high values, allowing the observation of both the electron-and the hole-doped regimes. Moreover, our ohmic contacts formed at lowtemperatures allow us to study the temperature dependence of electron and holemobilities. At high electron densities, a re-entrant insulating regime is alsoobserved, a feature which is absent at high hole densities.
Ultimate photo-induced Kerr rotation achieved in semiconductor  microcavities	2014	Photoinduced Kerr rotation by more than $\pi /2$ radians is demonstrated inplanar quantum well microcavity in the strong coupling regime. This result isclose to the predicted theoretical maximum of $\pi $. It is achieved byengineering microcavity parameters such that the optical impedance matchingcondition is reached at the smallest negative detuning between excitonresonance and the cavity mode. This ensures the optimum combination of theexciton induced optical non-linearity and the enhancement of the Kerr angle bythe cavity. Comprehensive analysis of the polarization state of the light inthis regime shows that both renormalization of the exciton energy and thesaturation of the excitonic resonance contribute to the observed opticalnonlinearities.
Ballistic and sub-ballistic motion of interfaces in a field of random  obstacles	2014	We consider a discretized version of the quenched Edwards-Wilkinson model forthe propagation of a driven interface through a random field of obstacles. Ourmodel consists of a system of ordinary differential equations on a$d$-dimensional lattice coupled by the discrete Laplacian. At each latticepoint, the system is subject to a constant driving force and a random obstacleforce impeding free propagation. The obstacle force depends on the currentstate of the solution and thus renders the problem non-linear. For independentand identically distributed obstacle strengths with exponential moment we proveballistic propagation (i.e., propagation with a positive velocity) of theinterface if the driving force is large enough. For a specific case ofdependent obstacles, we show that no stationary solution exists, but still thepropagation of the front is not ballistic.
Mass transportation of thermally driven nanotube nanomotors with defects	2014	Thermally driven nanotube nanomotors provide linear mass transportationcontrolled by a temperature gradient. However, the underlying mechanism isstill unclear where the mass transportation velocity in experiment is muchlower than that resulting from simulations. Considering that defects are commonin fabricated nanotubes, we use molecular dynamics simulations to show that themass transportation would be considerably impeded by the potential barriers orwells induced by the defects, which provides a possible picture to understandthe relative low value at microscopic level. The optimal structure and thefactors which would affect the performance are discussed. The result indicatesconsidering defects is helpful in designing nanotube nanomotor and other newnanomotor-based devices.
Learning under Distributed Weak Supervision	2016	The availability of training data for supervision is a frequently encounteredbottleneck of medical image analysis methods. While typically established by aclinical expert rater, the increase in acquired imaging data renderstraditional pixel-wise segmentations less feasible. In this paper, we examinethe use of a crowdsourcing platform for the distribution of super-pixel weakannotation tasks and collect such annotations from a crowd of non-expertraters. The crowd annotations are subsequently used for training a fullyconvolutional neural network to address the problem of fetal brain segmentationin T2-weighted MR images. Using this approach we report encouraging resultscompared to highly targeted, fully supervised methods and potentially address afrequent problem impeding image analysis research.
A Thorough Examination of the CNN/Daily Mail Reading Comprehension Task	2016	Enabling a computer to understand a document so that it can answercomprehension questions is a central, yet unsolved goal of NLP. A key factorimpeding its solution by machine learned systems is the limited availability ofhuman-annotated data. Hermann et al. (2015) seek to solve this problem bycreating over a million training examples by pairing CNN and Daily Mail newsarticles with their summarized bullet points, and show that a neural networkcan then be trained to give good performance on this task. In this paper, weconduct a thorough examination of this new reading comprehension task. Ourprimary aim is to understand what depth of language understanding is requiredto do well on this task. We approach this from one side by doing a carefulhand-analysis of a small subset of the problems and from the other by showingthat simple, carefully designed systems can obtain accuracies of 73.6% and76.6% on these two datasets, exceeding current state-of-the-art results by7-10% and approaching what we believe is the ceiling for performance on thistask.
User Experience of a Smart Factory Robot: Assembly Line Workers Demand  Adaptive Robots	2016	This paper reports a case study on the User Experience (UX)of an industrialrobotic prototype in the context of human-robot cooperation in an automotiveassembly line. The goal was to find out what kinds of suggestions the assemblyline workers, who actually use the new robotic system, propose in order toimprove the human-robot interaction (HRI). The operators working with therobotic prototype were interviewed three weeks after the deployment usingestablished UX narrative interview guidelines. Our results show that thecooperation with a robot that executes predefined working steps actuallyimpedes the user in terms of flexibility and individual speed. This results ina change of working routine for the operators, impacts the UX, and potentiallyleads to a decrease in productivity. We present the results of the interviewsas well as first thoughts on technical solutions in order to enhance theadaptivity and subsequently the UX of the human-robot cooperation.
Inhomogeneous Josephson junction chains for superinductance optimization	2016	We report a theoretical study of the low-frequency impedance of a Josephsonjunction chain whose parameters vary in space. Our goal is to find the optimalspatial profile which maximizes the total inductance of the chain withoutshrinking the low-frequency window where the chain behaves as an inductor. Ifthe spatial modulation is introduced by varying the junction areas, we findthat the best result is obtained for a spatially homogeneous chain, reportedearlier in the literature. An improvement over the homogeneous result can beobtained by representing the junctions by SQUIDs with different loop areas, sothe inductances can be varied by applying a magnetic field. Still, we find thatthis improvement becomes less important for longer chains.
Energy-resolved hot carrier relaxation dynamics in monocrystalline  plasmonic nanoantennas	2016	Hot carriers are energetic photo-excited carriers driving a large range ofchemico-physical mechanisms. At the nanoscale, an efficient generation of thesecarriers is facilitated by illuminating plasmonic antennas. However, theultrafast relaxation rate severally impedes their deployment in futurehot-carrier based devices. In this paper, we report on the picosecondrelaxation dynamics of hot carriers in plasmonic monocrystalline goldnanoantennas. The temporal dynamics of the hot carriers is experimentallyinvestigated by interrogating the nonlinear photoluminescence response of theantenna with a spectrally-resolved two-pulse correlation configuration. Wemeasure time-dependent nonlinearity orders varying from 1 to 8, which challengethe common interpretation of multi-photon gold luminescence. We demonstratethat the relaxation of the photo-excited carriers depends of their energiesrelative to the Fermi level. We find a 60 % variation in the relaxation ratefor electron-hole pair energies ranging from c.a. 0.2 to 1.8 eV. Thequantitative relationship between hot carrier energy and relaxation dynamics isan important finding for optimizing hot carriers-assisted processes and shednew light in the intricacy of nonlinear photoluminescence in plasmonicstructures.
Uniqueness of the scatterer for electromagnetic field with one incident  plane wave	2016	In this paper, we solve a longstanding open problem for determining the shapeof an obstacle from the knowledge of the electric (or magnetic) far fieldpattern for the scattering of time-harmonic electromagnetic field. We show thatthe electric (or magnetic) far field patten${\mathbf{E}}^\infty(\boldsymbol{\beta}, {\boldsymbol{\alpha}}_0, k_0)$ (or${\mathbf{H}}^\infty (\boldsymbol{\beta}, {\boldsymbol{\alpha}}_0, k_0)$),known for all $\boldsymbol{\beta}\in {\mathbb S}^2$, where ${\mathbb {S}}^2$ isthe unit sphere in ${\mathbb{R}}^3$, ${\boldsymbol{\alpha}}_0\in{\mathbb{S}}^2$ is fixed, $k_0>0$ is fixed, determines the obstacle $D$ and theboundary condition on $\partial D$ uniquely. The boundary condition on$\partial D$ is either the perfect conductor or the impedance one.
The Hydrogen Epoch of Reionization Array (HERA). Improvement of the  antenna response with a matching network and scientific impacts	2016	The Hydrogen Epoch of Reionization Array (HERA) is a new powerfulradio-telescope, dedicated to the study of the early universe. Its main goal isto characterise the period of the universe where the first galaxies and starsstarted to form, by studying the evolution of the 21-cm emission signal fromneutral hydrogen, during the Epoch of Reionization. In this article, we presentan electromagnetic and electrical co-simulation of the antenna performed withCST. We focus our analysis on the characterisation of the chromatic effectscaused by the antenna, in particular multiple reflections of the receivedsignal between the feed and the dish. These reflections can have an importantimpact on the scientific results, and it is crucial to keep them as low aspossible. Therefore, we are currently developing a matching circuit which aimsto improve the impedance matching between the feed and the front end.
Mechanism and Kinetics of Na+ Ion Depletion under the Anode during  Electro-thermal Poling of a Bioactive Glass	2008	Electro-thermal poling experiments were carried out on a bioactive glass, andthe kinetics of the Na+ ion depletion layer formation under the anode wasstudied in-situ by means of ac impedance spectroscopy. One important finding isa linear relation between the depletion layer thickness and the appliedvoltage, which is in contrast to the predictions of standard space chargetheory. The average electric field in the layer is independent of the voltageand is close to the dielectric breakdown field of alkali ion conductingglasses. Furthermore, we observe that the thickness of the depletion layer isestablished on a much shorter time scale than the resistance. We explain theseresults by assuming that the huge electric fields created under the anodeduring Na+ ion depletion lead to a strong increase of the electronic mobilityin the layer and to charge compensation via extraction of electrons. It isshown that in the initial stages of the depletion process, a relative Na+ iondepletion of only 400 ppm is sufficient to generate electric fields of theorder of the dielectric breakdown field.
Effective magnetic penetration depth in superconducting cylinders and  spheres with highly anisotropic electrodynamics	2008	Effective magnetic penetration depth and microwave surface impedance arederived for anisotropic layered superconductors in the shape of spheres andlong cylinders, where the external magnetic field is applied in the plane ofthe highly conducting layers to induce out-of-plane screening currents. Theresults are extended by analytic continuation to highly anisotropic conductorsand to lossy superconductors at high frequency. The electrodynamics for thegeneral case of a superconductor or metal with arbitrary anisotropy arepresented. The treatment is then specialized to layered materials withunixaxial anisotropy, in which the penetration depth for currents flowingperpendicular to the layers, lambda_c, is much greater than that for in-planecurrents, lambda_a. Exact solutions are found in the limit lambda_a goes tozero, and are expected to provide an accurate representation of manyexperiments on cuprates and other layered superconductors, particularly ongrain-aligned powders.
Radio-frequency reflectometry on large gated 2-dimensional systems	2008	We have embedded an AlGaAs/GaAs based, gated 2D hole system (2DHS) into animpedance transformer $LC$ circuit, and show that by using radio-frequencyreflectometry it is possible to perform sensitive, large bandwidth, electricalresistance measurements of 2D systems at mK temperatures. We construct a simplelumped element model where the gated 2DHS is described as a resistivetransmission line. The model gives a qualitative understanding of theexperimental results. As an example, we use our method to map out the Landaulevel evolution in a 2DHS as a function of magnetic field and gate voltage.
Experimental investigation of perforations interactions effects under  high sound pressure levels	2009	Most models for predicting the acoustic response of perforated panels arebased on the assumption that there is no interactions between the holes. Thecommon way of taking into account the perforates effects is the use of Fok'sfunctions. The few papers that deal with these effects study the case of lowsound pressure levels. This paper investigates the Holes Interaction Effects(HIE) of perforated and micro-perforated panels when submitted to high soundpressure levels. Analysis of the data yields to the fact that even with HIE,the nonlinear reactance dependency with velocity is very slight. The HIE canprovide good absorption of the perforated panel backed by an air cavity at lowand high sound pressure levels if the holes positions are well configured.Perforated panels of holes diameters less than 2 millimeters were built out ofsteel with different interstices (distance between two adjacent holes) andtested. Experimental results (performed with an impedance tube) in the cases ofinteraction are done and compared with the exact cases of no interactions. Theresults can be used for designing optimal perforated panels for ducts silencersfor instance.
Magnetohydrodynamics of superfluid and superconducting neutron star  cores	2010	Mature neutron stars are cold enough to contain a number of superfluid andsuperconducting components. These systems are distinguished by the presence ofadditional dynamical degrees of freedom associated with superfluidity. In orderto consider models with mixtures of condensates we need to develop a multifluiddescription that accounts for the presence of rotational neutron vortices andmagnetic proton fluxtubes. We also need to model the forces that impede themotion of vortices and fluxtubes, and understand how these forces act on thecondensates. This paper concerns the development of such a model for the outercore of a neutron star, where superfluid neutrons co-exist with a type IIproton superconductor and an electron gas. We discuss the hydrodynamics of thissystem, focusing on the role of the entrainment effect, the magnetic field, thevortex/fluxtube tension and the dissipative mutual friction forces. Out finalresults can be directly applied to a number of interesting astrophysicalscenarios, e.g. associated with neutron star oscillations or the evolution ofthe large scale magnetic field.
Local probing of ionic diffusion by electrochemical strain microscopy:  spatial resolution and signal formation mechanisms	2010	Electrochemical insertion-deintercalation reactions are typically associatedwith significant change of molar volume of the host compound. This strongcoupling between ionic currents and strains underpins image formationmechanisms in electrochemical strain microscopy (ESM), and allows exploring thetip-induced electrochemical processes locally. Here we analyze the signalformation mechanism in ESM, and develop the analytical description of operationin frequency and time domains. The ESM spectroscopic modes are compared toclassical electrochemical methods including potentiostatic and galvanostaticintermittent titration (PITT and GITT), and electrochemical impedancespectroscopy (EIS). This analysis illustrates the feasibility of spatiallyresolved studies of Li-ion dynamics on the sub-10 nanometer level usingelectromechanical detection.
Electrochemical and XAS analysis of the ruthenium-dioxide material, a  catalyst for Dimensionally Stabilized Anodes	2010	This manuscript represents an investigation of structure, property andelectrochemical activity for commercially available RuO2 coated titaniumelectrode, known as DSA. The investigation mainly aimed at XAS studies tounderstand the hidden structural information for RuO2. Two different (150micron) and a (6 micron) titanium metal coated with RuO2 was exposed at ex-situand in-situ XAS experiment to find out its electrocatalytic property andcorrosion during chlorine generation reaction. A detailed survey of XANES andEXAFS showed that the stable RuO2 formed a nano cluster during chlorinegeneration reaction and these clusters produced a distorted rutile structurewith an enhanced electrocatalytic activity. These nano clusters possibly thecause of generating surface heterogeneity of the present ruthenium dioxidematerial (active catalyst for DSA). With the help of electrochemical impedancespectroscopy we are able to detect the surface heterogeneity, this surfaceheterogeneity is having key role for outstanding electrochemical performance ofthese DSA electrodes.
Small But Slow World: How Network Topology and Burstiness Slow Down  Spreading	2010	Communication networks show the small-world property of short paths, but thespreading dynamics in them turns out slow. We follow the time evolution ofinformation propagation through communication networks by using the SI modelwith empirical data on contact sequences. We introduce null models where thesequences are randomly shuffled in different ways, enabling us to distinguishbetween the contributions of different impeding effects. The slowing down ofspreading is found to be caused mostly by weight-topology correlations and thebursty activity patterns of individuals.
A high sensitivity ultra-low temperature RF conductance and noise  measurement setup	2010	We report on the realization of a high sensitivity RF noise measurementscheme to study small current fluctuations of mesoscopic systems at milliKelvintemperatures. The setup relies on the combination of an interferometric ampli-fication scheme and a quarter-wave impedance transformer, allowing the mea-surement of noise power spectral densities with GHz bandwith up to five ordersof magnitude below the amplifier noise floor. We simultaneously measure thehigh frequency conductance of the sample by derivating a portion of the signalto a microwave homodyne detection. We describe the principle of the setup, aswell as its implementation and calibration. Finally, we show that our setupallows to fully characterize a subnanosecond on-demand single electron source.More generally, its sensitivity and bandwith make it suitable for applicationsmanipulating single charges at GHz frequencies.
Experimental Examination of the Effect of Short Ray Trajectories in  Two-port Wave-Chaotic Scattering Systems	2010	Predicting the statistics of realistic wave-chaotic scattering systemsrequires, in addition to random matrix theory, introduction of system-specificinformation. This paper investigates experimentally one aspect ofsystem-specific behavior, namely the effects of short ray trajectories inwave-chaotic systems open to outside scattering channels. In particular, weconsider ray trajectories of limited length that enter a scattering regionthrough a channel (port) and subsequently exit through a channel (port). Weshow that a suitably averaged value of the impedance can be computed from thesetrajectories and that this can improve the ability to describe the statisticalproperties of the scattering systems. We illustrate and test these pointsthrough experiments on a realistic two-port microwave scattering billiard.
Circuit Analysis in Metal-Optics	2010	We provide electrical circuit descriptions for bulk plasmons, single surfaceplasmons, and parallel-plate plasmons. Simple circuits can reproduce theexactly known frequency versus wave-vector dispersion relations for all thesecases, with reasonable accuracy. The circuit paradigm directly provides acharacteristic wave-impedance, Zo, that is rarely discussed in the context ofplasmonics. The case of a single-surface-plasmon is particularly interestingsince it can be modeled as a transmission line, even though there is no returncurrent conductor. The capacitance/unit length and the Faraday inductance/unitlength, of a flat metal surface, are C'=2epsilon_okW, and L'=epsilon_o/2kWrespectively, (where k is wave-vector, and W is the width of the flat metalsurface). We believe that many other metal-optic geometries can be describedwithin the circuit paradigm, with the prerequisite that the distributedcapacitance and inductance must be calculated for each particular geometry
Electronic correlations in iron-pnictide superconductors and beyond;  what can we learn from optics	2010	The Coulomb repulsion, impeding electrons' motion, has an important impact onthe charge dynamics. It mainly causes a reduction of the effective metallicDrude weight (proportional to the so-called optical kinetic energy),encountered in the optical conductivity, with respect to the expectation withinthe nearly-free electron limit (defining the so-called band kinetic energy), asevinced from band-structure theory. In principle, the ratio between the opticaland band kinetic energy allows defining the degree of electronic correlations.Through spectral weight arguments based on the excitation spectrum, we providean experimental tool, free from any theoretical or band-structure basedassumptions, in order to estimate the degree of electronic correlations inseveral systems. We first address the novel iron-pnictide superconductors,which serve to set the stage for our approach. We then revisit a large varietyof materials, ranging from superconductors, to Kondo-like systems as well asmaterials close to the Mott-insulating state. As comparison we also tacklematerials, where the electron-phonon coupling dominates. We establish a directrelationship between the strength of interaction and the resulting reduction ofthe optical kinetic energy of the itinerant charge carriers.
Inductive Game Theory and the Dynamics of Animal Conflict	2010	Conflict destabilizes social interactions and impedes cooperation at multiplescales of biological organization. Of fundamental interest are the causes ofturbulent periods of conflict. We analyze conflict dynamics in a monkey societymodel system. We develop a technique, Inductive Game Theory, to extractdirectly from time-series data the decision-making strategies used byindividuals and groups. This technique uses Monte Carlo simulation to testalternative causal models of conflict dynamics. We find individuals base theirdecision to fight on memory of social factors, not on short timescaleecological resource competition. Furthermore, the social assessments on whichthese decisions are based are triadic (self in relation to another pair ofindividuals), not pairwise. We show that this triadic decision making causeslong conflict cascades and that there is a high population cost of the largefights associated with these cascades. These results suggest that individualagency has been over-emphasized in the social evolution of complex aggregates,and that pair-wise formalisms are inadequate. An appreciation of the empiricalfoundations of the collective dynamics of conflict is a crucial step towardsits effective management.
Super-star clusters versus OB associations	2010	Super Star Clusters (Mecl > 10^5 Msol) are the largest stellar nurseries inour local Universe, containing hundreds of thousands to millions of young starswithin a few light years. Many of these systems are found in external galaxies,especially in pairs of interacting galaxies, and in some dwarf galaxies, butrelatively few in disk galaxies like our own Milky Way. We show that a possibleexplanation for this difference is the presence of shear in normal spiralgalaxies which impedes the formation of the very large and dense super starclusters but prefers the formation of loose OB associations possibly with aless massive cluster at the center. In contrast, in interacting galaxies and indwarf galaxies, regions can collapse without having a large-scale sense ofrotation. This lack of rotational support allows the giant clouds of gas andstars to concentrate into a single, dense and gravitationally bound system.
Rotational Coupling of the Pinned Core Superfluid	2010	The effects of pinning between fluxoids and vortices in the core of a neutronstar, on the dynamics of the core neutron superfluid are considered. Thepinning impedes, but does not absolutely block, any radial as well as {\emazimuthal} motion of the neutron vortices with respect to the lattice offluxoids. The time scale for the coupling of rotation of the core superfluid tothe rest of the star is calculated, allowing for the effect of the finitefrictional force on the neutron vortices due to their pinning with thefluxoids. This turns out to be the dominant mechanism for the coupling of thecore of a neutron star to its crust, as compared to the role of electronscattering, for most cases of interest. Furthermore, different behaviors forthe post-glitch response of the core superfluid are distinguished that might betested against the relevant observational data. Also, a conceptually importantcase (and controversial too, in the earlier studies on the role of the crustalsuperfluid) is realized where a superfluid may remain decoupled in spite of anspinning up of its vortices.
QCD for the LHC	2011	We discuss the new era of precision QCD as it relates to the physicsrequirements of the LHC for both the signal and background type processes. Someattention is paid to the issue of the theoretical error associated with anygiven theoretical prediction. In the cases considered, we present where thetheory precision is at this writing and where it needs to go in order that itnot impede the discovery potential of the LHC physics program. To complete thediscussion, we also discuss possible paradigms the latter program may help usunderstand and some new developments that may play a role in achieving thatrespective understanding.
H-Mode Accelerating Structures with PMQ Beam Focusing	2011	We have developed high-efficiency normal-conducting RF acceleratingstructures by combining H-mode resonator cavities and a transverse beamfocusing by permanent-magnet quadrupoles (PMQ), for beam velocities in therange of a few percent of the speed of light. The shunt impedance ofinter-digital H-mode (IH-PMQ) structures is 10-20 times higher than that of aconventional drift-tube linac, while the transverse size is 4-5 times smaller.Results of the combined 3-D modeling - electromagnetic computations,multi-particle beam-dynamics simulations with high currents, and thermal-stressanalysis - for an IH-PMQ accelerator tank are presented. The accelerating fieldprofile in the tank is tuned to provide the best propagation of a 50-mAdeuteron beam using coupled iterations of electromagnetic and beam-dynamicsmodeling. Measurements of a cold model of the IH-PMQ tank show a good agreementwith the calculations. H-PMQ accelerating structures following a short RFQ canbe used both in the front end of ion linacs or in stand-alone applications.
QoS Provisioning for Multimedia Transmission in Cognitive Radio Networks	2011	In cognitive radio (CR) networks, the perceived reduction of applicationlayer quality of service (QoS), such as multimedia distortion, by secondaryusers may impede the success of CR technologies. Most previous work in CRnetworks ignores application layer QoS. In this paper we take an integrateddesign approach to jointly optimize multimedia intra refreshing rate, anapplication layer parameter, together with access strategy, and spectrumsensing for multimedia transmission in a CR system with time varying wirelesschannels. Primary network usage and channel gain are modeled as a finite stateMarkov process. With channel sensing and channel state information errors, thesystem state cannot be directly observed. We formulate the QoS optimizationproblem as a partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP). A lowcomplexity dynamic programming framework is presented to obtain the optimalpolicy. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme.
jpf-concurrent: An extension of Java PathFinder for java.util.concurrent	2012	One of the main challenges when verifying multi-threaded Java applications isthe state space explosion problem. Due to thread interleavings, the number ofstates that the model checker has to verify can grow rapidly and impede thefeasibility of verification. In the Java language, the source of threadinterleavings can be the system under test as well as the Java Development Kit(JDK) itself. In our paper, we propose a method to minimize the state spaceexplosion problem for applications verified under the Java PathFinder (JPF)model checker. Our method is based on abstracting the state of the applicationto a smaller domain and implementing application behavior using the Model JavaInterface (MJI) of JPF. To show the capabilities of our approach, we havecreated a JPF extension called jpf-concurrent which abstracts classes from theJava Concurrency Utilities. Several benchmarks proved the usefulness of ourapproach. In all cases, our implementation was faster than the JDKimplementation when running under the JPF model checker. Moreover, ourimplementation led to significantly smaller state spaces.
Dynamics of Charge Flow in the Channel of a Thin-Film Field-Effect  Transistor	2012	"The local conductivity in the channel of a thin-film field-effect transistoris proportional to the charge density induced by the local gate voltage. Weshow how this determines the frequency- and position-dependence of the chargeinduced in the channel for the case of ""zero applied current"": zerodrain-source voltage with charge induced by a square-wave voltage applied tothe gate, assuming constant mobility and negligible contact impedances. Anapproximate expression for the frequency dependence of the induced charge inthe center of the channel can be conveniently used to determine the chargemobility. Fits of electro-optic measurements of the induced charge in organictransistors are used as examples."
Normal and intrinsic anomalous Hall effect in Nb1-yFe2+y	2012	The Hall effect on selected samples of the dilution series Nb1-yFe2+y isstudied. Normal and anomalous contributions are observed, with positive normalHall effect dominating at high temperatures. Consistent analysis of theanomalous contribution is only possible for Fe-rich Nb0.985Fe2.015 featuring aferromagnetic ground state. Here, a positive normal Hall coefficient is foundat all temperatures with a moderate maximum at the spin-density-wavetransition. The anomalous Hall effect is consistent with an intrinsic(Berry-phase) contribution which is constant below the ordering temperature TCand continuously vanishes above TC. For stoichiometric NbFe2 and Nb-richNb1.01Fe1.99 - both having a spin-density-wave ground state - an additionalcontribution to the Hall resistivity impedes a complete analysis and indicatesthe need for more sophisticated models of the anomalous Hall effect initinerant antiferromagnets.
Entangling electrons by splitting Cooper pairs: Two-particle conductance  resonance and time coincidence measurements	2012	Entanglement, being at the heart of the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (EPR)paradox, is a necessary ingredient in processing quantum information. Cooperpairs in superconductors - being composites of two fully entangled electrons -can be split adiabatically, thus forming entangled electrons. We fabricatedsuch electron splitter by contacting an aluminum superconductor strip at thecenter of a suspended InAs nanowire; terminated at both ends with two normalmetallic drains. Intercepting each half of the nanowire by gate - inducedCoulomb blockaded quantum dot strongly impeded the flow of Cooper pairs due tolarge charging energy, while still permitting passage of single electrons.Here, we provide conclusive evidence of extremely high efficiency Cooper pairssplitting via observing positive average (conductance) and time (shot noise)correlations of the split electrons in the two opposite drains of the nanowire.Moreover, The actual charge of the injected quasiparticles was verified by shotnoise measurements.
Increasing THz Radiation Power and Monochromaticity Using Optically  Induced Photonic Crystal in Layered Superconductors	2012	The possibility of enhancing the radiation power and monochromaticity byoptically induced photonic crystal in the superconducting cavity is proposedand investigated. In such a structure, by periodically irradiating the stackedJosephson junctions and consequently partially suppression of thesuperconductivity in the irradiated positions due to depairing, a periodicoptical configuration is formed. This leads to photonic band gap opening in therange of the terahertz radiation emitted from the layered superconductor. Weshow that such a photonic band gap significantly enhances the impedancematching at the boundary of the cavity and the waveguide. Since the weakoptical coupling of the outer and inner space of layered superconductor samplesis a serious reason of reducing radiated power especially in the experiments,the proposed configuration is capable of extremely enhancement in the emittedpower along with attenuation of the undesired harmonics.
An Effective Method to Estimate Composition Amplitude of Spinodal  Decomposition for Atom Probe Tomography Validated by Phase Field Simulations	2012	Reasonable evaluation of composition amplitude in spinodal decomposition is achallenge to microanalysis of atom probe tomography, especially at early stageswhen phase separation is not prominent. This impedes quantitative analysis ofspinodal structure in atom probe tomography as well as comparison withsimulated results from phase field simulations. We hereby report an effectivemethod to estimate the composition amplitude by constructing an amplitudedensity spectrum. This method can sensitively determine the compositionamplitude at early stages. In particular, it substantially bridges experimentaland simulation techniques comprising both discrete and continuum data in thestudy of spinodal decomposition. Moreover, it was found that the commonlyadopted Langer-Bar-on-Miller method for atom probe analysis underestimates thecomposition amplitude of spinodal decomposition. Case studies have beenperformed on the Fe-Cr binary alloys.
How to remedy the eta-problem of SUSY GUT hybrid inflation via vector  backreaction	2012	It is shown that, in supergravity models of inflation where the gauge kineticfunction of a gauge field is modulated by the inflaton, we can obtain a newinflationary attractor solution, in which the roll-over of the inflaton suffersadditional impedance due to the vector field backreaction. As a result,directions of the scalar potential which, due to strong Kaehler corrections,become too steep and curved to normally support slow-roll inflation can nownaturally do so. This solves the infamous eta-problem of inflation insupergravity and also keeps the spectral index of the curvature perturbationmildly red despite eta of order unity. This mechanism is applied to a model ofhybrid inflation in supergravity with a generic Kaehler potential. The spectralindex of the curvature perturbation is found to be 0.97 - 0.98, in excellentagreement with data. The gauge field can act as vector curvaton generatingstatistical anisotropy in the curvature perturbation. However, this anisotropycould be possibly observable only if the gauge coupling constant is unnaturallysmall.
Cavity optomechanics on a microfluidic resonator with water and viscous  liquids	2012	Currently, optical- or mechanical-resonances are commonly used inmicrofluidic research. However, optomechanical oscillations by light pressurewere not shown with liquids. This is because replacing the surrounding air withwater inherently increases the acoustical impedance and hence the associatedacoustical radiation-losses. Here, we bridge between microfluidics andoptomechanics by fabricating hollow bubble resonators with liquid inside andoptically exciting 100-MHz vibrations with only mW optical-input power. Thisconstitutes the first time that any microfluidic system is optomechanicallyactuated. We further prove the feasibility of microfluidic optomechanics onliquids by demonstrating vibrations on organic fluids with viscous-dissipationhigher than blood viscosity while measuring density changes in the liquid viathe vibration frequency shift. Our device will enable using cavityoptomechanics for studying non-solid phases of matter.
The Minimal Work Cost of Information Processing	2012	Irreversible information processing cannot be carried out without someinevitable thermodynamical work cost. This fundamental restriction, known asLandauer's principle, is increasingly relevant today, as the energy dissipationof computing devices impedes the development of their performance. Here wedetermine the minimal work required to carry out any logical process, forinstance a computation. It is given by the entropy of the discarded informationconditional to the output of the computation. Our formula takes precisely intoaccount the statistically fluctuating work requirement of the logical process.It enables the explicit calculation of practical scenarios, such ascomputational circuits or quantum measurements. On the conceptual level, ourresult gives a precise and operationally justified connection betweenthermodynamic and information entropy, and explains the emergence of theentropy state function in macroscopic thermodynamics.
A Circuit-based Model for the Interpretation of Perfect Metamaterial  Absorbers	2012	A popular absorbing structure, often referred to as Perfect MetamaterialAbsorber, comprising metallic periodic pattern over a thin low-loss groundedsubstrate is studied by resorting to an efficient transmission line model. Thisapproach allows the derivation of simple and reliable closed formulasdescribing the absorption mechanism of the subwavelength structure. Theanalytic form of the real part of the input impedance is explicitly derived inorder to explain why moderate losses of the substrate is sufficient to achievematching with free space, that is, perfect absorption. The effect of theconstituent parameters for tuning the working frequency and tailoring theabsorption bandwidth is addressed. It is also shown that the choice of highlycapacitive coupled elements allows obtaining the largest possible bandwidthwhereas a highly frequency selective design is achieved with low capacitiveelements like a cross array. Finally, the angular stability of the absorbingstructure is investigated.
Theory of measurements of electrodynamic properties in anisotropic  superconductors in tilted magnetic fields. Part II: high frequency regimes	2012	The model for high frequency electrodynamics in anisotropic type-IIsuperconductors in the vortex state is studied considering arbitraryorientations between the applied field, the applied current and the anisotropyaxis. An anisotropic treatment is provided for the vortex dynamics, taking intoaccount all the phenomena relevant at high frequency, which include flux flow,pinning and creep. The coupling between vortex motion and high frequencycurrents is included, providing an entirely tensor model of the electromagneticresponse to high frequency fields. Examples of data analysis of angularmeasurements are presented, showing how to derive the angular dependence of thematerial properties from the measured anisotropic response. Finally, theexpression of the measured angle-dependent surface impedance in the largelyused thin film geometry is computed.
Proton and Neutron Irradiation Tests of Readout Electronics of the ATLAS  Hadronic Endcap Calorimeter	2012	The readout electronics of the ATLAS Hadronic Endcap Calorimeter will have towithstand the about ten times larger radiation environment of the futurehigh-luminosity LHC (HL-LHC) compared to their design values. The GaAs ASICwhich comprises the heart of the readout electronics has been exposed toneutron and proton radiation with fluences up to ten times the total expectedfluences for ten years of running of the HL-LHC. Neutron tests were performedat the NPI in Rez, Czech Republic, where a 36 MeV proton beam is directed on athick heavy water target to produce neutrons. The proton irradiation was donewith 200 MeV protons at the PROSCAN area of the Proton Irradiation Facility atthe PSI in Villigen, Switzerland. In-situ measurements of S-parameters in bothtests allow the evaluation of frequency dependent performance parameters - likegain and input impedance - as a function of the fluence. The linearity of theASIC response has been measured directly in the neutron tests with a triangularinput pulse of varying amplitude. The performance measurements and expectedperformance degradations under HL-LHC conditions are presented.
Lessons Learned From Microkernel Verification -- Specification is the  New Bottleneck	2012	Software verification tools have become a lot more powerful in recent years.Even verification of large, complex systems is feasible, as demonstrated in theL4.verified and Verisoft XT projects. Still, functional verification of largesoftware systems is rare - for reasons beyond the large scale of verificationeffort needed due to the size alone. In this paper we report on lessons learnedfor verification of large software systems based on the experience gained inmicrokernel verification in the Verisoft XT project. We discuss a number ofissues that impede widespread introduction of formal verification in thesoftware life-cycle process.
Semimetal-antiferromagnetic insulator transition in graphene induced by  biaxial strain	2012	We report first-principles calculations on antiferromagnetic spin ordering ingraphene under biaxial strain. Using hybrid functional calculations, we foundthat semimetallic graphene sheets undergo a transition to antiferromagneticinsulators at a biaxial strain of 7.7% and that the band gap rapidly increasesafter the onset of this transition before reaching 0.9 eV at a biaxial strainof 12%. We examined the competition of the antiferromagnetic spin ordering withtwo-dimensional Peierls distortions upon biaxial strain, and found that thepreceding antiferromagnetic insulator phase impedes the Peierls insulatorphase. The antiferromagnetic insulator phase is destabilized upon carrierfilling but robust up to moderate carrier densities. This work indicates thatbiaxially strained graphene represents a noble system where theelectron-electron and electron-lattice interactions compete with each other ina simple but nontrivial way.
Laser-heated pedestal growth of cerium doped calcium scandate crystal  fibers	2012	Ce3+ doped oxide materials are promising for optical emission in the greenspectral range. The growth of CaSc2O4:Ce3+ single crystals is reported here forthe first time. Laser heated pedestal growth (LHPG) proved to be suitable forthis refractive material, if performed in nitrogen of 99.999% purity. If theoxygen content of the growth atmosphere is substantially larger, Ce4+ isformed, which shows no useful optical emission. If the oxygen content issubstantially lower, severe evaporation of calcium impedes stable crystalgrowth. Thermodynamic equilibrium calculations allowed to describe evaporationof species and cerium dopant charging under different growth conditions. Theevaporation could be investigated by quadrupole mass spectrometry of emanatinggases and by chemical analysis of fibers with ICP-OES. The congruent meltingpoint was confirmed by DTA at 2110 degrees centigrade. Photoluminescencespectrometry of fibers revealed the dependence of optical emission in the greenspectral range on growth conditions.
A radio-frequency sheath model for complex waveforms	2012	Plasma sheaths driven by radio-frequency voltages occur frequently, incontexts ranging from plasma processing applications to magnetically confinedfusion experiments. These sheaths are crucial because they dominantly affectimpedance, power absorption, ion acceleration and sometimes the stability ofthe nearby plasma. An analytical understanding of sheath behavior is thereforeimportant, both intrinsically and as an element in more elaborate theoreticalstructures. In practice, these radio-frequency sheaths are commonly excited byhighly anharmonic waveforms, but no analytical model exists for this generalcase. In this letter we present a mathematically simple sheath model that canbe solved for essentially arbitrary excitation waveforms. We show that thismodel is in good agreement with earlier models for single frequency excitation,and we show by example how to develop a solution for a complex wave form. Thissolution is in good agreement with simulation data. This simple and accuratemodel is likely to have wide application.
Dissipative quantum systems: from two to many atoms	2012	"We study the dynamics of bosonic atoms in a double well potential under theinfluence of dissipation. The main effect of dissipation is to destroy quantumcoherence and to drive the system towards a unique steady state. We study howthe atom-atom interaction affects the decoherence process. We use a systematicapproach considering different atomic densities. We show that, for two atoms,the interaction already strongly suppresses decoherence: a phenomenon we referto as ""interaction impeded decoherence"". For many atoms, thanks to theincreased complexity of the system, the nature of the decoherence process isdramatically altered giving rise to an algebraic instead of exponential decay."
Heat transport through a Josephson junction	2012	We discuss heat transport through a Josephson tunnel junction under variousbias conditions. We first derive the formula for the cooling power of thejunction valid for arbitrary time dependence of the Josephson phase. Combiningit with the classical equation of motion for the phase, we find the timeaveraged cooling power as a function of bias current or bias voltage. We alsofind the noise of the heat current and, more generally, the full countingstatistics of the heat transport through the junction. We separately considerthe metastable superconducting branch of the current-voltage characteristicsallowing quantum fluctuations of the phase in this case. This regime isexperimentally attractive since the junction has low power dissipation, lowimpedance and therefore may be used as a sensitive detector.
Dynamic Infrared Electro-Optic Response of Soluble Organic  Semiconductors in Thin Film Transistors	2012	We use a frequency-dependent electro-optic technique to measure the holemobility in small molecule organic semiconductors, such as 6,13bis(triisopropylsilylethynyl)-pentacene. Measurements are made on semiconductorfilms in bottom gate, bottom contact field-effect transistors (FETs.) Becauseof the buried metal layer effect the maximum response, due to absorption in thecharge layer, will be for a dielectric film ~ 1/4 of a wavelength (in thedielectric) (e.g. ~ 1 micron thick in the infrared.) Results are presented forFETs prepared with both spin-cast polymer and alumina dielectrics prepared byatomic layer deposition. At low frequencies the results are fit to solutions toa non-linear differential equation describing the spatial dependence of flowingcharge in the FET channel, which allows us to study multiple crystals formingacross one set of drain-source contacts. FETs prepared on alumina dielectricsshow interesting deviations from the model at high frequencies, possibly due toincreased contact impedance.
Can P2P Technology Benefit Eyeball ISPs? A Cooperative Profit  Distribution Answer	2012	Peer-to-Peer (P2P) technology has been regarded as a promising way to helpContent Providers (CPs) cost-effectively distribute content. However, under thetraditional Internet pricing mechanism, the fact that most P2P traffic flowsamong peers can dramatically decrease the profit of ISPs, who may take actionsagainst P2P and impede the progress of P2P technology. In this paper, wedevelop a mathematical framework to analyze such economic issues. Inspired bythe idea from cooperative game theory, we propose a cooperativeprofit-distribution model based on Nash Bargaining Solution (NBS), in whicheyeball ISPs and Peer-assisted CPs (PCPs) form two coalitions respectively andthen compute a fair Pareto point to determine profit distribution. Moreover, wedesign a fair and feasible mechanism for profit distribution within eachcoalition. We show that such a cooperative method not only guarantees the fairprofit distribution among network participators, but also helps to improve theeconomic efficiency of the overall network system. To our knowledge, this isthe first work that systematically studies solutions for P2P caused unbalancedprofit distribution and gives a feasible cooperative method to increase andfairly share profit.
YAGI Antenna Design for Signal Phone Jammer	2012	Mobile phone is one of the most widely used today in mobile communications.This technology is very useful for communication but this raises severalproblems in a situation where silence is required such as in libraries, placesof worship, classrooms and others. Mobile phone jammer is a device that used toblock the incoming signal to a mobile phone from the base station. If themobile phone jammer is turned on then it can not form the incoming or outgoingcalls even sms. In this research, we designed a Yagi antenna (900MHz) to expandthe range of jamming because Yagi has a great gain. Results of impedance bygamma match are 50.16 Om. Obtained the value of VSWR Yagi is 1.46:1 and jammingdistance that can be taken approximately 16 meters, It is different from thejamming distance of helical antenna on a mobile phone jammer itself is about 4meters.
Proposal for a coherent quantum memory for propagating microwave photons	2013	We describe a multi-mode quantum memory for propagating microwave photonsthat combines a solid-state spin ensemble resonantly coupled to a frequencytunable single-mode microwave cavity. We first show that high efficiencymapping of the quantum state transported by a free photon to the spin ensembleis possible both for strong and weak coupling between the cavity mode and thespin ensemble. We also show that even in the weak coupling limit unitefficiency and faithful retrieval can be obtained through time reversalinhomogeneous dephasing based on spin echo techniques. This is possibleprovided that the cavity containing the spin ensemble and the transmission lineare impedance matched. We finally discuss the prospects for an experimentalimplementation using a rare-earth doped crystal coupled to a superconductingresonator.
Batch-fabricated cantilever probes with electrical shielding for  nanoscale dielectric and conductivity imaging	2013	This paper presents the design and fabrication of batch-processed cantileverprobes with electrical shielding for scanning microwave impedance microscopy.The diameter of the tip apex, which defines the electrical resolution, is lessthan 50 nm. The width of the stripline and the thicknesses of the insulationdielectrics are optimized for a small series resistance (< 5 W) and a smallbackground capacitance (~ 1 pF), both critical for high sensitivity imaging onvarious samples. The coaxial shielding ensures that only the probe tipinteracts with the sample. The structure of the cantilever is designed to besymmetric to balance the stresses and thermal expansions of different layers sothat the cantilever remains straight under variable temperatures. Such shieldedcantilever probes produced in the wafer scale will facilitate enormousapplications on nanoscale dielectric and conductivity imaging.
Dielectric properties of Poly(vinylidene fluoride) / CaCu3Ti4O12  composites	2013	The possibility of obtaining relatively high dielectric constantpolymer-ceramic composite by incorporating the giant dielectric constantmaterial, CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) in a Poly(vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) polymermatrix by melt mixing and hot pressing process was demonstrated. The structure,morphology and dielectric properties of the composites were characterized usingX ray diffraction, Thermal analysis, Scanning Electron Microscope, andImpedance analyzer. The effective dielectric constant of the compositeincreased with increase in the volume fraction of CCTO at all the frequencies(100 Hz to 1MHz) under study. The dielectric loss did not show any variationupto 40 % loading of CCTO, but showed an increasing trend beyond 40%. The roomtemperature dielectric constant as high as 95 at 100Hz has been realized forthe composite with 55 Vol % of CCTO, which has increased to about 190 at 150oC.Theoretical models like Maxwells Clausius Mossotti, Effective medium theory,logarithmic law and Yamada were employed to rationalize the dielectricbehaviour of the composite and discussed. Keywords: A. Ceramic; A. Polymermatrix composite
Dielectric properties of Poly(vinylidene fluoride)/ CaCu3Ti4O12  nanocrystal composite thick films	2013	The Poly(vinylidene fluoride)/CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) nanocrystal composite films(85nm) with relatively high dielectric permittivity (90 at 100Hz) were preparedby the solution casting followed by spin coating technique. The structural, themicrostructural and the dielectric properties of the composites were studiedusing X-ray diffraction, Scanning Electron Microscope, and Impedance analyzerrespectively. The effective dielectric permittivity of the composite increasedwith increase in the volume fraction of CCTO at all the frequencies (100 Hz to1MHz) under investigation. The room temperature dielectric permittivity whichis around 90 at 100Hz, has increased to about 290 at 125oC (100Hz). Theseresults may be exploited in the development of high energy density capacitors.
Effect of calcium stoichiometry on the dielectric response of  CaCu3Ti4O12 Ceramics	2013	CaxCu3Ti4O12 polycrystalline powders with variation in calcium content wereprepared via the oxalate precursor route. The structural, morphological anddielectric properties of the ceramics fabricated using these powders werestudied using x ray diffraction, Scanning Electron Microscope along with EnergyDispersive X ray Analysis, Transmission Electron Microscopy, Electron SpinResonance (ESR) spectroscopy and Impedance analyzer. The X ray diffractionpatterns obtained for the x = 0.97, 1.0 and 1.1 powdered ceramics could beindexed to a body centered cubic perovskite related structure associated withthe space group Im3. The ESR studies confirmed the absence of oxygen vacanciesin the ceramics that were prepared using the oxalate precursor route. Thedielectric properties of these suggest that the calcium deficient sample (x=0.97) has a reduced dielectric loss while retaining the high dielectricconstant which is of significant industrial relevance.
Fabrication and Characterization of Poly(methyl methacrylate)CaCu3Ti4O12  Composites	2013	Composites comprising Poly(Methyl Methacrylate) (PMMA) and CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO)via melt mixing followed by hot pressing were fabricated. These werecharacterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD), thermo gravimetric (TGA), scanningelectron microscopy (SEM) and Impedance analyser for their structural,morphology and dielectric properties. Composites were found to have betterthermal stability than that of pure PMMA. The composite, with 38 Vol % of CCTO(in PMMA), exhibited remarkably low dielectric loss at high frequencies and thelow frequency relaxation is attributed to the space charge polarization MWSeffect. Theoretical models were employed to rationalise the dielectricbehaviour of these composites. At higher temperatures, the relaxation peakshifts to higher frequencies, due to the merging of both {beta} and {alpha}relaxations into a single dielectric dispersion peak. The AC conductivity inthe high frequency region was attributed to the electronic polarization
Structural, Thermal and Electrical properties of Poly(methyl  methacrylate)-CaCu3Ti4O12 composite sheets fabricated via melt mixing	2013	Poly(Methyl Methacrylate) (PMMA) and CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) composites werefabricated via melt mixing followed by hot pressing technique. These werecharacterized using X-ray diffraction (XRD), thermo gravimetric (TGA), ThermoMechanical (TMA), Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), Fourier transforminfrared (FTIR), and Impedance analyser for their structural, thermal anddielectric properties. Composites were found to have better thermal stabilitythan that of pure PMMA. However, there was no significant difference in theglass transition (Tg) temperature between the polymer and the composite. Theappearance of additional vibrational frequencies in the range 400-600 cm-1 inFTIR spectra indicated a possible interaction between PMMA and CCTO. Thecomposite, with 38 Vol % of CCTO (in PMMA), exhibited remarkably low dielectricloss at high frequencies and the low frequency relaxation is attributed to thespace charge polarization/MWS effect. The origin of AC conductivityparticularly in the high frequency region was attributed to the electronicpolarization.
Effect of TeO2 addition on the dielectric properties of CaCu3Ti4O12  ceramics derived from the oxalate precursor route	2013	CaCu3Ti4O12 (CCTO) ceramics which has perovskite structure gainedconsiderable attention due to its giant permittivity. But, it has high tan{\delta} (0.1 at 1kHz) at room temperature, which needs to be minimised to thelevel of practical applications. Hence, TeO2 which is a good glass former hasbeen deliberately added to CCTO nano ceramic (derived from the oxalateprecursor route) to explore the possibility of reducing the dielectric losswhile maintaining the high permittivity. The structural, morphological anddielectric properties of the pure CCTO and TeO2 added ceramics were studiedusing X-ray diffraction, Scanning Electron Microscope along with EnergyDispersive X-ray Analysis (EDX), spectroscopy and Impedance analyzer. For the2.0 wt % TeO2 added ceramics, there is a remarkable difference in themicrostructural features as compared to that of pure CCTO ceramics. This sampleexhibited permittivity values as high as 7387 @ 10 KHz and low dielectric lossvalue of 0.037 @ 10 kHz, which can be exploited for the high frequencycapacitors application.
Growth of High-Mobility Bi2Te2Se Nanoplatelets on hBN Sheets by van der  Waals Epitaxy	2013	The electrical detection of the surface states of topological insulators isstrongly impeded by the interference of bulk conduction, which commonly arisesdue to pronounced doping associated with the formation of lattice defects. Asexemplified by the topological insulator Bi2Te2Se, we show that via van derWaals epitaxial growth on thin hBN substrates the structural quality of suchnanoplatelets can be substantially improved. The surface state carrier mobilityof nanoplatelets on hBN is increased by a factor of about 3 compared toplatelets on conventional Si/SiOx substrates, which enables the observation ofwell-developed Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations. We furthermore demonstrate thepossibility to effectively tune the Fermi level position in the films with theaid of a back gate.
Electrolyte gate dependent high-frequency measurement of graphene  field-effect transistor for sensing applications	2014	We performed radiofrequency (RF) reflectometry measurements at 2.4 GHz onelectrolyte-gated graphene field-effect transistors (GFETs) utilizing a tunablestub-matching circuit for impedance matching. We demonstrate that the gatevoltage dependent RF resistivity of graphene can be deduced even in thepresence of the electrolyte which is in direct contact with the graphene layer.The RF resistivity is found to be consistent with its DC counterpart in thefull gate voltage range. Furthermore, in order to access the potential ofhigh-frequency sensing for applications, we demonstrate time-dependent gatingin solution with nanosecond time resolution.
Polarization Switching Ability Dependent on Multidomain Topology in a  Uniaxial Organic Ferroelectric	2014	The switching of electric polarization induced by electric fields -afundamental functionality of ferroelectrics- is closely associated with themotions of the domain walls that separate regions with distinct polarizationdirections. Therefore, understanding domain-walls dynamics is of essentialimportance for advancing ferroelectric applications. In this Letter, we showthat the topology of the multidomain structure can have an intrinsic impact onthe degree of switchable polarization. Using a combination of polarizationhysteresis measurements and piezoresponse force microscopy on a uniaxialorganic ferroelectric, alpha-6,6'-dimethyl-2,2'-bipyridinium chloranilate, wefound that the head-to-head (or tail-to-tail) charged domain walls are stronglypinned and thus impede the switching process; in contrast, if the chargeddomain walls are replaced with electrically neutral antiparallel domain walls,bulk polarization switching is achieved. Our findings suggest that manipulationof the multidomain topology can potentially control the switchablepolarization.
A Fabrication Route for Arrays of Ultra-low-Noise MoAu Transition Edge  Sensors on Thin Silicon Nitride for Space Applications	2014	We describe a process route to fabricate arrays of Ultra-low-Noise MoAuTransition Edge Sensors (TESs). The low thermal conductance required for spaceapplications is achieved using 200 nm-thick Silicon Nitride (SiNx ) patternedto form long-thin legs with widths of 2.1 {\mu}m. Using bilayers formed on SiNxislands from films with 40 nm-thick Mo and Au thicknesses in the range 30 to280 nm deposited by dc-sputtering in ultra-high vacuum we can obtain tunabletransition temperatures in the range 700 to 70 mK. The sensors use large-areaabsorbers fabricated from high resistivity, thin-film beta-phase Ta to provideimpedance-matching to incident radiation. The absorbers are patterned to reducethe heat capacity associated with the nitride support structure and include Authermalizing features to assist the heat flow into the TES. Arrays of 400detectors at the pixel spacing required for the long-wavelength band of thefar-infrared instrument SAFARI are now being fabricated. Device yieldsapproaching 99% are achieved.
Parameterized Complexity of Edge Interdiction Problems	2014	We study the parameterized complexity of interdiction problems in graphs. Foran optimization problem on graphs, one can formulate an interdiction problem asa game consisting of two players, namely, an interdictor and an evader, whocompete on an objective with opposing interests. In edge interdiction problems,every edge of the input graph has an interdiction cost associated with it andthe interdictor interdicts the graph by modifying the edges in the graph, andthe number of such modifications is constrained by the interdictor's budget.The evader then solves the given optimization problem on the modified graph.The action of the interdictor must impede the evader as much as possible. Wefocus on edge interdiction problems related to minimum spanning tree, maximummatching and shortest paths. These problems arise in different real worldscenarios. We derive several fixed-parameter tractability and W[1]-hardnessresults for these interdiction problems with respect to various parameters.Next, we show close relation between interdiction problems and partial coverproblems on bipartite graphs where the goal is not to cover all elements but tominimize/maximize the number of covered elements with specific number of sets.Hereby, we investigate the parameterized complexity of several partial coverproblems on bipartite graphs.
Microkelvin thermometry with Bose-Einstein condensates of magnons and  applications to studies of the AB interface in superfluid $^3$He	2014	Coherent precession of trapped Bose-Einstein condensates of magnons is asensitive probe for magnetic relaxation processes in superfluid 3He-B down tothe lowest achievable temperatures. We use the dependence of the relaxationrate on the density of thermal quasiparticles to implement thermometry in 3He-Bat temperatures below 300 $\mu$K. Unlike popular vibrating wire or quartztuning fork based thermometers, magnon condensates allow for contactlesstemperature measurement and make possible an independent in situ determinationof the residual zero-temperature relaxation provided by the radiation damping.We use this magnon-condensate-based thermometry to study the thermal impedanceof the interface between A and B phases of superfluid 3He. The magnoncondensate is also a sensitive probe of the orbital order-parameter texture.This has allowed us to observe for the first time the non-thermal signature ofthe annihilation of two AB interfaces.
Precise and ultrafast molecular sieving through graphene oxide membranes	2014	There has been intense interest in filtration and separation properties ofgraphene-based materials that can have well-defined nanometer pores and exhibitlow frictional water flow inside them. Here we investigate molecular permeationthrough graphene oxide laminates. They are vacuum-tight in the dry state but,if immersed in water, act as molecular sieves blocking all solutes withhydrated radii larger than 4.5A. Smaller ions permeate through the membraneswith little impedance, many orders of magnitude faster than the diffusionmechanism can account for. We explain this behavior by a network ofnanocapillaries that open up in the hydrated state and accept only species thatfit in. The ultrafast separation of small salts is attributed to an 'ionsponge' effect that results in highly concentrated salt solutions insidegraphene capillaries.
Deposition Order Dependent Magnetization Reversal in Pressure Graded  Co/Pd films	2014	Magnetization reversal mechanisms and depth-dependent magnetic profile havebeen investigated in Co/Pd thin films magnetron-sputtered under continuouslyvarying pressure with opposite deposition orders. For samples grown underincreasing pressure, magnetization reversal is dominated by domain nucleation,propagation and annihilation; an anisotropy gradient is effectivelyestablished, along with a pronounced depth-dependent magnetization profile.However, in films grown under decreasing pressure, disorders propagatevertically from the bottom high-pressure region into the top low-pressureregion, impeding domain wall motion and forcing magnetization reversal viarotation; depth-dependent magnetization varies in an inverted order, but thespread is much suppressed.
Active plasma resonance spectroscopy: Eigenfunction solutions in  spherical geometry	2014	The term Active Plasma Resonance Spectroscopy (APRS) denotes a class ofrelated techniques which utilize, for diagnostic purposes, the natural abilityof plasmas to resonate on or near the electron plasma frequency: A radiofrequent signal (in the GHz range) is coupled into the plasma via an antenna orprobe, the spectral response is recorded, and a mathematical model is used todetermine plasma parameters like the electron density or the electrontemperature. Based on the cold plasma model, this manuscript provides thegeneral analytic expression of the electrical admittance of a spherical shapedprobe immersed into a plasma. It is derived from the matrix representation ofan appropriate operator, which describes the dynamical behavior of theprobe-plasma system. This dynamical operator can be split into a conservativeoperator and a dissipative operator. It can be shown that the eigenvalues ofthe conservative operator represent the resonance frequencies of theprobe-plasma system which are simply connected to the electron density. As anexample, the result is applied to the spherical impedance probe and themultipole resonance probe.
Cavity-enhanced storage in an optical spin-wave memory	2014	We report on the experimental demonstration of an optical spin-wave memory,based on the atomic frequency comb (AFC) scheme, where the storage efficiencyis strongly enhanced by an optical cavity. The cavity is of low finesse, butoperated in an impedance matching regime to achieve high absorption in ourintrinsically low-absorbing Eu3+:Y2SiO5 crystal. For storage of optical pulsesas an optical excitation (AFC echoes), we reach efficiencies of 53% and 28% for2 and 10 microseconds delays, respectively. For a complete AFC spin-wave memorywe reach an efficiency of 12%, including spin-wave dephasing, which is a12-fold increase with respect to previous results in this material. This resultis an important step towards the goal of making efficient and long-livedquantum memories based on spin waves, in the context of quantum repeaters andquantum networks.
Do electromagnetic waves exist in a short cable at low frequencies? What  does physics say?	2014	We refute a physical model, recently proposed by Gunn, Allison and Abbott(GAA) [arXiv:1402.2709v2], to utilize electromagnetic waves for eavesdroppingon the Kirchhoff-law-Johnson-noise (KLJN) secure key distribution. Their model,and its theoretical underpinnings, is found to be fundamentally flawed becausetheir assumption of electromagnetic waves violates not only the wave equationbut also the Second Law of Thermodynamics, the Principle of Detailed Balance,Boltzmann's Energy Equipartition Theorem, and Planck's formula by implyinginfinitely strong blackbody radiation. We deduce the correct mathematical modelof the GAA scheme, which is based on impedances at the quasi-static limit.Mathematical analysis and simulation results confirm our approach and provethat GAA's experimental interpretation is incorrect too.
Promoting cold-start items in recommender systems	2014	As one of major challenges, cold-start problem plagues nearly all recommendersystems. In particular, new items will be overlooked, impeding the developmentof new products online. Given limited resources, how to utilize the knowledgeof recommender systems and design efficient marketing strategy for new items isextremely important. In this paper, we convert this ticklish issue into a clearmathematical problem based on a bipartite network representation. Under themost widely used algorithm in real e-commerce recommender systems, so-calledthe item-based collaborative filtering, we show that to simply push new itemsto active users is not a good strategy. To our surprise, experiments on realrecommender systems indicate that to connect new items with some less activeusers will statistically yield better performance, namely these new items willhave more chance to appear in other users' recommendation lists. Furtheranalysis suggests that the disassortative nature of recommender systemscontributes to such observation. In a word, getting in-depth understanding onrecommender systems could pave the way for the owners to popularize theircold-start products with low costs.
Stable Lithium Electrodeposition in Liquid and Nanoporous Solid  Electrolytes	2014	Rechargeable lithium, sodium, and aluminum metal-based batteries are amongthe most versatile platform for high-energy, cost effective electrochemicalenergy storage. Non-uniform metal deposition and dendrite formation on thenegative electrode during repeated cycles of charge and discharge are majorhurdles to commercialization of energy storage devices based on each of thesechemistries. A long held view is that unstable electrodeposition is aconsequence of inherent characteristics of these metals and their inability toform uniform electrodeposits on surfaces with inevitable defects. We report onelectrodeposition of lithium in simple liquid electrolytes and in nanoporoussolids infused with liquid electrolytes. We find that simple liquidelectrolytes reinforced with halogenated salt blends exhibit stable long-termcycling at room temperature, often with no signs of deposition instabilitiesover hundreds of cycles of charge and discharge and thousands of operatinghours. We rationalize these observations with the help of surface energy datafor the electrolyte/lithium interface and impedance analysis of the interfaceduring different stages of cell operation. Our findings provide support for animportant recent theoretical prediction that the surface mobility of lithium issignificantly enhanced in the presence of lithium halide salts.
Nature of proton transport in a water-filled carbon nanotube and in  liquid water	2014	Proton transport (PT) in bulk liquid water and within a thin water-filledcarbon nanotube has been examined with ab initio pathintegral moleculardynamics (PIMD). Barrierless proton transfer is observed in each case whenquantum nuclear effects (QNEs) are accounted for. The key difference betweenthe two systems is that in the nanotube facile PT is facilitated by a favorableprealignment of water molecules, whereas in bulk liquid water solventreorganization is required prior to PT. Configurations where the quantum excessproton is delocalized over several adjacent water molecules along withcontinuous interconversion between different hydration states reveals that, asin liquid water, the hydrated proton under confinement is best described as afluxional defect, rather than any individual idealized hydration state such asZundel, Eigen, or the so-called linear H7O3+ complex along the water chain.These findings highlight the importance of QNEs in intermediate strengthhydrogen bonds (HBs) and explain why H+ diffusion through nanochannels isimpeded much less than other cations.
The resonant dynamics of arbitrarily-shaped meta-atoms	2014	Meta-atoms, nano-antennas, plasmonic particles and other small scatterers arecommonly modeled in terms of their modes. However these modal solutions areseldom determined explicitly, due to the conceptual and numerical difficultiesin solving eigenvalue problems for open systems with strong radiative losses.Here these modes are directly calculated from Maxwell's equations expressed inintegral operator form, by finding the complex frequencies which yield ahomogenous solution. This gives a clear physical interpretation of the modes,and enables their conduction or polarization current distribution to becalculated numerically for particles of arbitrary shape. By combining the modalcurrent distribution with a scalar impedance function, simple yet accuratemodels of scatterers are constructed which describe their response to anarbitrary incident field over a broad bandwidth. These models generalize bothequivalent-dipole and and equivalent-circuit models to finite sized structureswith multiple modes. They are applied here to explain the frequency-splittingfor a pair of coupled split rings, and the accompanying change in radiativelosses. The approach presented in this paper is made available in anopen-source code.
Scalable Quantum Computing Architecture with Mixed Species Ion Chains	2014	We report on progress towards implementing mixed ion species quantuminformation processing for a scalable ion trap architecture. Mixed specieschains may help solve several problems with scaling ion trap quantumcomputation to large numbers of qubits. Initial temperature measurements oflinear Coulomb crystals containing barium and ytterbium ions indicate that themass difference does not significantly impede cooling at low ion numbers.Average motional occupation numbers are estimated to be $\bar{n} \approx 130$quanta per mode for chains with small numbers of ions, which is within a factorof three of the Doppler limit for barium ions in our trap. We also discussgeneration of ion-photon entanglement with barium ions with a fidelity of $F\ge 0.84$, which is an initial step towards remote ion-ion coupling in a morescalable quantum information architecture. Further, we are working to implementthese techniques in surface traps in order to exercise greater control over ionchain ordering and positioning.
Double-Fock Superposition Interferometry for Differential Diagnosis of  Decoherence	2014	Interferometric signals are degraded by decoherence, which encompassesdephasing, mixing and any distinguishing which-path information. These threeparadigmatic processes are fundamentally different, but, for coherent,single-photon and $N00N$-states, they degrade interferometric visibility in thevery same way, which impedes the diagnosis of the cause for reduced visibilityin a single experiment. We introduce a versatile formalism for many-bosoninterferometry based on double-sided Feynman diagrams, which we apply to aprotocol for differential decoherence diagnosis: Twin-Fock states |N,N> with $N\ge 2$ reveal to which extent decoherence is due to path distinguishability orto mixing, while double-Fock superpositions $|N:M> = (|N,M> + |M,N>)/\sqrt{2} $with $N > M >0$ additionally witness the degree of dephasing. Hence,double-Fock superposition interferometry permits the differential diagnosis ofdecoherence processes in a single experiment, indispensable for the assessmentof interferometers.
Demixing and confinement in slit pores	2014	Using Monte Carlo simulation, we study the influence of geometric confinementon demixing for a series of symmetric non-additive hard spheres mixturesconfined in slit pores. We consider both a wide range of positivenon-additivities and a series of pore widths, ranging from the pure twodimensional limit to a large pore width where results are close to the bulkthree dimensional case. Critical parameters are extracted by means of finitesize analysis. We find that for this particular case in which demixing isinduced by volume effects, phase separation is in most cases somewhat impededby spatial confinement. However, a non-monotonous dependence of the criticalpressure and density with pore size is found for small non-additivities. Inthis latter case, it turns out that an otherwise stable bulk mixture can beforced to demix by simple geometric confinement when the pore width decreasesdown to approximately one and a half molecular diameters.
Synthesis of a 3D network of Pt nanowires by atomic layer deposition on  carbonaceous template	2014	The formation of a 3D network composed of free standing and interconnected Ptnanowires is achieved by a two-step method, consisting of conformal depositionof Pt by atomic layer deposition (ALD) on a forest of carbon nanotubes andsubsequent removal of the carbonaceous template. Detailed characterization ofthis novel 3D nanostructure was carried out by transmission electron microscopy(TEM) and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). These characterizationsshowed that this pure 3D nanostructure of platinum is self-supported and offersan enhancement of the electrochemically active surface area by a factor of 50.
A Semantic Web of Know-How: Linked Data for Community-Centric Tasks	2014	This paper proposes a novel framework for representing community know-how onthe Semantic Web. Procedural knowledge generated by web communities typicallytakes the form of natural language instructions or videos and is largelyunstructured. The absence of semantic structure impedes the deployment of manyuseful applications, in particular the ability to discover and integrateknow-how automatically. We discuss the characteristics of community know-howand argue that existing knowledge representation frameworks fail to representit adequately. We present a novel framework for representing the semanticstructure of community know-how and demonstrate the feasibility of our approachby providing a concrete implementation which includes a method forautomatically acquiring procedural knowledge for real-world tasks.
A non-iterative method for the electrical impedance tomography based on  joint sparse recovery	2014	The purpose of this paper is to propose a non-iterative method for theinverse conductivity problem of recovering multiple small anomalies from theboundary measurements. When small anomalies are buried in a conducting object,the electric potential values inside the object can be expressed by integralsof densities with a common sparse support on the location of anomalies. Basedon this integral expression, we formulate the reconstruction problem of smallanomalies as a joint sparse recovery and present an efficient non-iterativerecovery algorithm of small anomalies. Furthermore, we also provide a slightlymodified algorithm to reconstruct an extended anomaly. We validate theeffectiveness of the proposed algorithm over the linearized method and theMUSIC algorithm by numerical simulations.
Interferometric phase detection at x-ray energies via Fano resonance  control	2014	Modern x-ray light sources promise access to structure and dynamics of matterin largely unexplored spectral regions. However, the desired information isencoded in the light intensity and phase, whereas detectors register only theintensity. This phase problem is ubiquitous in crystallography and imaging, andimpedes the exploration of quantum effects at x-ray energies. Here, wedemonstrate phase-sensitive measurements characterizing the quantum state of anuclear two-level system at hard x-ray energies. The nuclei are initiallyprepared in a superposition state. Subsequently, the relative phase of thissuperposition is interferometrically reconstructed from the emitted x-rays. Ourresults form a first step towards x-ray quantum state tomography, and providenew avenues for structure determination and precision metrology via x-ray Fanointerference.
Study of magnetic iron nitride thin films deposited by high power  impulse magnetron sputtering	2014	In this work, we studied phase formation, structural and magnetic propertiesof iron-nitride (Fe-N) thin films deposited using high power impulse magnetronsputtering (HiPIMS) and direct current magnetron sputtering (dc-MS). Thenitrogen partial pressure during deposition was systematically varied both inHiPIMS and dc-MS. Resulting Fe-N films were characterized for theirmicrostructure, magnetic properties and nitrogen concentration. We found thatHiPIMS deposited Fe-N films show a globular nanocrystalline microstructure andimproved soft magnetic properties. In addition, it was found that the nitrogenreactivity impedes in HiPIMS as compared to dc-MS. Obtained results can beunderstood in terms of distinct plasma properties of HiPIMS.
Investigation of intrinsic magnetodielectric effect in La2CoMnO6: Role  of magnetic disorder	2014	We present a large magnetodielectric (MD) effect of 65 % at 100 kHz with 5 Tfield in B-site ordered La2CoMnO6 (LCMO) polycrystalline sample. Frequency andtemperature dependent impedance and dielectric studies under magnetic fielddivulge both intrinsic and extrinsic origins for the observed MD effect. Thetemperature dependent Raman spectroscopy measurement has shown spin-latticecoupling that supports the intrinsic origin of the observed large MD responsein LCMO. Extrinsic contributions to MD response mainly originate from disorderand interface effects; here, we signify this by hole carrier (Sr) doping at theA-site of the ordered LCMO sample. The comparison study has disclosed that withthe disorder, the intrinsic polarization due to asymmetric hopping decreasessignificantly, and the disorder induced transport dominates in both MD andmagnetoresistance behaviour with close resemblance.
Conservation of reactive electromagnetic energy in reactive time	2015	The complex Poynting theorem (CPT) is extended to a canonical time-scaledomain $(t,s)$. Time-harmonic phasors are replaced by the positive-frequencyparts of general fields, which extend analytically to complex time $t+is$, with$s>0$ interpreted as a time resolution scale. The real part of the extended CPTgives conservation in $t$ of a time-averaged field energy, and its imaginarypart gives conservation in $s$ of a time-averaged reactive energy. In bothcases, the averaging windows are determined by a Cauchy kernel of width $\Deltat\sim \pm s$. This completes the time-harmonic CPT, whose imaginary part isgenerally supposed to be vaguely `related to' reactive energy without giving aconservation law, or even an expression, for the latter. The interpretation of$s$ as reactive time, tracking the leads and lags associated with storedcapacitative and inductive energy, gives a simple explanation of thevolt-ampere reactive (var) unit measuring reactive power: a var is simply oneJoule per reactive second. The related 'complex radiation impedance density' isintroduced to represent the field's local reluctance to radiate.
Thirty Years of Turnstiles and Transport	2015	To characterize transport in a deterministic dynamical system is to computeexit time distributions from regions or transition time distributions betweenregions in phase space. This paper surveys the considerable progress on thisproblem over the past thirty years. Primary measures of transport forvolume-preserving maps include the exiting and incoming fluxes to a region. Forarea-preserving maps, transport is impeded by curves formed from invariantmanifolds that form partial barriers, e.g., stable and unstable manifoldsbounding a resonance zone or cantori, the remnants of destroyed invariant tori.When the map is exact volume preserving, a Lagrangian differential form can beused to reduce the computation of fluxes to finding a difference between theaction of certain key orbits, such as homoclinic orbits to a saddle or to acantorus. Given a partition of phase space into regions bounded by partialbarriers, a Markov tree model of transport explains key observations, such asthe algebraic decay of exit and recurrence distributions.
Magneto-convective models of red dwarfs: constraints imposed by the  lithium abundance	2015	Magnetic fields impede the onset of convection, thereby altering the thermalstructure of a convective envelope in a low mass star: this has an effect onthe amount of lithium depletion in a magnetized star. In order to quantify thiseffect, we have applied a magneto-convective model to two low mass stars forwhich lithium abundances and precise structural parameters are known: YY Gemand CU Cnc. For both stars, we have obtained models which satisfy empiricalconstraints on the following parameters: R, L, surface magnetic field strength,and Li abundance. In the case of YY Gem, we have obtained a model whichsatisfies the empirical constraints with an internal magnetic field of severalmegagauss: such a field strength is within the range of a dynamo where thefield energy is in equipartition with rotational energy deep inside theconvection zone. However, in the case of CU Cnc, the Li requires an internalmagnetic field which is probably too strong for a dynamo origin: we suggestpossible alternatives which might account for the reported Li abundance in CUCnc.
A new Definition and Classification of Physical Unclonable Functions	2015	"A new definition of ""Physical Unclonable Functions"" (PUFs), the first onethat fully captures its intuitive idea among experts, is presented. A PUF is aninformation-storage system with a security mechanism that is  1. meant to impede the duplication of a precisely describedstorage-functionality in another, separate system and  2. remains effective against an attacker with temporary access to the wholeoriginal system.  A novel classification scheme of the security objectives and mechanisms ofPUFs is proposed and its usefulness to aid future research and securityevaluation is demonstrated. One class of PUF security mechanisms that preventsan attacker to apply all addresses at which secrets are stored in theinformation-storage system, is shown to be closely analogous to cryptographicencryption. Its development marks the dawn of a new fundamental primitive ofhardware-security engineering: cryptostorage. These results firmly establishPUFs as a fundamental concept of hardware security."
Generalized Formalisms of the Radio Interferometer Measurement Equation	2015	The Radio Interferometer Measurement Equation (RIME) is a matrix-basedmathematical model that describes the response of a radio interferometer. TheJones calculus it employs is not suitable for describing the analoguecomponents of a telescope. This is because it does not consider the effect ofimpedance mismatches between components. This paper aims to highlight thelimitations of Jones calculus, and suggests some alternative methods that aremore applicable. We reformulate the RIME with a different basis that includesmagnetic and mixed coherency statistics. We present a microwave networkinspired 2N-port version of the RIME, and a tensor formalism based upon theelectromagnetic tensor from special relativity. We elucidate the limitations ofthe Jones-matrix-based RIME for describing analogue components. We show howmeasured scattering parameters of analogue components can be used in a 2N-portversion of the RIME. In addition, we show how motion at relativistic speedaffects the observed flux. We present reformulations of the RIME that correctlyaccount for magnetic field coherency. These reformulations extend the standardformulation, highlight its limitations, and may have applications inspace-based interferometry and precise absolute calibration experiments.
Throughput of a Cognitive Radio Network under Congestion Constraints: A  Network-Level Study	2015	In this paper we analyze a cognitive radio network with one primary and onesecondary transmitter, in which the primary transmitter has bursty arrivalswhile the secondary node is assumed to be saturated (i.e. always has a packetwaiting to be transmitted). The secondary node transmits in a cognitive waysuch that it does not impede the performance of the primary node. We assumethat the receivers have multipacket reception (MPR) capabilities and that thesecondary node can take advantage of the MPR capability by transmittingsimultaneously with the primary under certain conditions. We obtain analyticalexpressions for the stationary distribution of the primary node queue and wealso provide conditions for its stability. Finally, we provide expressions forthe aggregate throughput of the network as well as for the throughput at thesecondary node.
A Criticism of the Current Security, Privacy and Accountability Issues  in Electronic Health Records	2015	Cryptography has been widely accepted for security and partly for privacycontrol as discovered from past works. However, many of these works did notprovide a way to manage cryptographic keys effectively especially in EHRapplications, as this is the Achilles heel of cryptographic techniquescurrently proposed. The issue of accountability for legitimate users also hasnot been so popular and only a few considered it in EHR. Unless a differentapproach is used, the reliant on cryptography and password or escrow basedsystem for key management will impede trust of the system and hence itsacceptability. Also users with right access should also be monitored withoutaffecting the clinician workflow. This paper presents a detailed review of someselected recent approaches to ensuring security, privacy and accountability inEHR and gaps for future research were also identified.
A 0.042 mm^2 programmable biphasic stimulator for cochlear implants  suitable for a large number of channels	2015	This paper presents a compact programmable biphasic stimulator for cochlearimplants. By employing double-loop negative feedback, the output impedance ofthe current generator is increased, while maximizing the voltage compliance ofthe output transistor. To make the stimulator circuit compact, the stimulationcurrent is set by scaling a reference current using a two stage binary-weightedtransistor DAC (comprising a 3 bit high-voltage transistor DAC and a 4 bitlow-voltage transistor DAC). With this structure the power consumption and thearea of the circuit can be minimized. The proposed circuit has been implementedin AMS 0.18um high-voltage CMOS IC technology, using an active chip area ofabout 0.042mm^2. Measurement results show that proper charge balance of theanodic and cathodic stimulation phases is achieved and a dc blocking capacitorcan be omitted. The resulting reduction in the required area makes the proposedsystem suitable for a large number of channels.
Towards a Practical Architecture for the Next Generation Internet of  Things	2015	"The Internet of Things, or the IoT is a vision for a ubiquitous societywherein people and ""Things"" are connected in an immersively networked computingenvironment, with the connected ""Things"" providing utility topeople/enterprises and their digital shadows, through intelligent social andcommercial services. Translating this idea to a conceivable reality is a workin progress for more than a decade. Current IoT architectures are predicated onoptimistic assumptions on the evolution and deployment of IoT technologies. Webelieve many of these assumptions will not be met, consequently impeding thepractical and sustainable deployment of IoT. In this article, we exploreuse-cases across different applications domains that can potentially benefitfrom an IoT infrastructure, and analyze them in the context of an alternativeworld-view that is more grounded in reality. Despite this more conservativeapproach, we argue that adopting certain design paradigms when architecting anIoT ecosystem can achieve much of the promised benefits in a practical andsustainable manner."
Electromagnetic prompt response in an elastic wave cavity	2015	A rapid, or prompt response, of an electromagnetic nature, is found in anelastic wave scattering experiment. The experiment is performed with torsionalelastic waves in a quasi-one-dimensional cavity with one port, formed by anotch grooved at a certain distance from the free end of a beam. The stationarypatterns are diminished using a passive vibration isolation system at the otherend of the beam. The measurement of the resonances is performed withnon-contact electromagnetic-acoustic transducers outside the cavity. In theArgand plane, each resonance describes a circle over a base impedance curvewhich comes from the electromagnetic components of the equipment. A model,based on a variation of Poisson's kernel is developed. Excellent agreementbetween theory and experiment is obtained.
A focused liquid jet formed by a water hammer in a test tube	2015	We investigate motion of a gas-liquid interface in a test tube induced by alarge acceleration via impulsive force. We conduct simple experiments in whichthe tube partially filled with a liquid falls under gravity and impacts a rigidfloor. A curved gas-liquid interface inside the tube reverses and eventuallyforms an elongated jet (i.e. the so-called a focused jet). In our experiments,there arises either vibration of the interface or increment in the velocity ofa liquid jet accompanied by the onset of cavitation in the liquid column. Thesephenomena cannot be explained by considering pressure impulse in a classicalpotential flow analysis, which does not account for finite speeds of sound aswell as phase change. Here we model such water-hammer events as a result ofone-dimensional pressure wave propagation and its interaction with boundariesthrough acoustic impedance mismatching. The method of characteristics isapplied to describe pressure wave interactions and the subsequent cavitation.The proposed model is found to allow us to capture the unsteady features of theliquid jet.
DEF: The Physical Basis of Electromagnetic Propulsion	2015	The very existence of the physical vacuum provides a framework to propose ageneral mechanism for propelling bodies through an agency of electromagneticfields, that seat in that medium. When two sub-systems of a general closeddevice interact via nonlocal and retarded electromagnetic pulses, it is easilyshown that they give a nonzero force, and that only tend to comply with theaction-to-reaction force in the limit of instantaneous interactions. Thearrangement of sub-systems provide a handy way to optimize the unbalanced EMforce with the concept of impedance matching. The general properties of thedifferential electromagnetic force (DEF) are the following: i) it isproportional to the square of the intensity and to the angular wave frequency$\omega$; ii) to the space between the sub-systems (although in a non-linearmanner); iii) it is inversely proportional to the speed of interaction; iv)when the two sub-systems are out-of-phase, DEF is null. The approach is ofinterest to practical engineering principles of propulsion since it offersguiding principles useful to build prototypes.
A robust inversion method for quantitative 3D shape reconstruction from  coaxial eddy-current measurements	2015	This work is motivated by the monitoring of conductive clogging deposits insteam generator at the level of support plates. One would like to use monoaxialcoils measurements to obtain estimates on the clogging volume. We propose a 3Dshape optimization technique based on simplified parametrization of thegeometry adapted to the measurement nature and resolution. The direct problemis modeled by the eddy current approximation of time-harmonic Maxwell'sequations in the low frequency regime. A potential formulation is adopted inorder to easily handle the complex topology of the industrial problem setting.We first characterize the shape derivatives of the deposit impedance signalusing an adjoint field technique. For the inversion procedure, the direct andadjoint problems have to be solved for each coil vertical position which isexcessively time and memory consuming. To overcome this difficulty, we proposeand discuss a steepest descent method based on a fixed and invarianttriangulation. Numerical experiments are presented to illustrate theconvergence and the efficiency of the method.
Study of a MA-loaded cavity for compact synchrotron	2015	The untuned magnetic alloy (MA) loaded cavity will be adopted in the recentproposed projects based on compact proton and heavy-ion synchrotron in China.The MA loaded cavity has been operated successfully in many accelerators, butthere is no construction and operation experience in China. The small-size MAcores with outer diameter >100 mm have been supplied by Chinese firms, and theproperties of cores are tested and show good consistency with Hitachi material.Based on the MA cores testing results, the schematic design of a cavity isconducted, which could obtain 1 kV gap voltage with less than 1.5 kW powerdissipation in the frequency range of 0.5~7 MHz. The analytic and simulationresults were compared on the resonant frequency, shunt impedance and Q value.
Non-ferroelectric nature of the conductance hysteresis in CH3NH3PbI3  perovskite-based photovoltaic devices	2015	We present measurements of conductance hysteresis on CH3NH3PbI3 perovskitethin films, performed using the double-wave method, in order to investigate thepossibility of a ferroelectric response. A strong frequency dependence of thehysteresis is observed in the range of 0.1 Hz to 150 Hz, with a hystereticcharge density in excess of 1000 {\mu}C/cm2 at frequencies below 0.4 Hz - abehaviour uncharacteristic of a ferroelectric response. We show that theobserved hysteretic conductance, as well as the presence of a double arc in theimpedance spectroscopy, can be fully explained by the migration of mobile ionsunder bias on a timescale of seconds. Our measurements place an upper limit ofapproximately 1 {\mu}C/cm2 on any intrinsic frequency-independent polarisation,ruling out ferroelectricity as the main cause of current-voltage hysteresis andproviding further evidence of the importance of ionic migration in modifyingthe efficiency of CH3NH3PbI3 devices.
Point Contacts in Modeling Conducting 2D Planar Structures	2015	Use of an optimization algorithm to improve performance of antennas andelectromagnetic structures usually ends up in planar unusual shapes. Usingrectangular conducting elements the proposed structures sometimes haveconnections with only one single point in common between two neighboring areas.The single point connections (point crossing) can affect the electromagneticperformance of the structure. In this letter, we illustrate the influence ofpoint crossing on dipole and loop antennas using MoM, FDTD, and FEM solvers.Current distribution, radiation pattern, and impedance properties for differentjunctions are different. These solvers do not agree in the modeling of thepoint crossing junctions which is a warning about uncertainty in using suchjunctions. However, solvers agree that a negligible change in the junctionwould significantly change the antenna performance. We propose that one shouldconsider both bridging and chamfering of the conflicting cells to findoptimized structures. This reduces the simulation time by 40% using FDTDmodeling, however no significant reduction is obtained using the MoM and FEMmethods.
Quantum theory of a bandpass Purcell filter for qubit readout	2015	The readout fidelity of superconducting transmon and Xmon qubits is partiallylimited by the qubit energy relaxation through the resonator into thetransmission line, which is also known as the Purcell effect. One way tosuppress this energy relaxation is to employ a filter which impedes microwavepropagation at the qubit frequency. We present semiclassical and quantumanalyses for the bandpass Purcell filter realized by E.\ Jeffrey \textit{etal}.\ [Phys.\ Rev.\ Lett.\ 112, 190504 (2014)]. For typical experimentalparameters, the bandpass filter suppresses the qubit relaxation rate by up totwo orders of magnitude while maintaining the same measurement rate. We alsoshow that in the presence of a microwave drive the qubit relaxation ratefurther decreases with increasing drive strength.
Secondary Frequency and Voltage Control of Islanded Microgrids via  Distributed Averaging	2015	In this work we present new distributed controllers for secondary frequencyand voltage control in islanded microgrids. Inspired by techniques fromcooperative control, the proposed controllers use localized information andnearest-neighbor communication to collectively perform secondary controlactions. The frequency controller rapidly regulates the microgrid frequency toits nominal value while maintaining active power sharing among the distributedgenerators. Tuning of the voltage controller provides a simple and intuitivetrade-off between the conflicting goals of voltage regulation and reactivepower sharing. Our designs require no knowledge of the microgrid topology,impedances or loads. The distributed architecture allows for flexibility andredundancy, and eliminates the need for a central microgrid controller. Weprovide a voltage stability analysis and present extensive experimental resultsvalidating our designs, verifying robust performance under communicationfailure and during plug-and-play operation.
Slow Limb Movements Require Precise Control of Muscle Stiffness	2015	Slow and accurate finger and limb movements are essential to dailyactivities, but their neural control and governing mechanics are relativelyunexplored. We consider neuromechanical systems where slow movements areproduced by neural commands that modulate muscle stiffness. This formulationbased on strain-energy equilibria is in agreement with prior work on neuralcontrol of muscle and limb impedance. Slow limb movements are driftless in thesense that movement stops when neural commands stop. We demonstrate, in thecontext of two planar tendon-driven systems representing a finger and a leg,that the control of muscle stiffness suffices to produce stable and accuratelimb postures and quasi-static (slow) transitions among them. We prove,however, that stable postures are achievable only when muscles arepre-tensioned, as is the case for natural muscle tone. Our results furtherindicate, in accordance with experimental findings, that slow movements arenon-smooth. The non-smoothness arises because the precision with whichindividual muscle stiffnesses need to be controlled changes substantiallythroughout the limb's motion. These results underscore the fundamental roles ofmuscle tone and accurate neural control of muscle stiffness in producing stablelimb postures and slow movements.
CSR induced microbunching gain estimation including transient effects in  transport and recirculation arcs	2015	The coherent synchrotron radiation (CSR) of a high brightness electron beamtraversing a series of dipoles, such as transport or recirculation arcs, mayresult in the microbunching instability ({\mu}BI). To accurately quantify thedirect consequence of this effect, we further extend our previously developedsemi-analytical Vlasov solver [C. -Y. Tsai et al., FEL Conference 2014(THP022)] to include more relevant coherent radiation models than thesteady-state free-space CSR impedance, such as the entrance and exit transienteffects derived from upstream beam entering to and exiting from individualdipoles. The resultant microbunching gain functions and spectra for our examplelattices are presented and compared with particle tracking simulation. Someunderlying physics with inclusion of these effects are also discussed.
Computational and theoretical aspects of a grain-boundary model that  accounts for grain misorientation and grain-boundary orientation	2015	"A detailed theoretical and numerical investigation of the infinitesimalsingle-crystal gradient plasticity and grain-boundary theory of Gurtin (2008)""A theory of grain boundaries that accounts automatically for grainmisorientation and grain-boundary orientation"". Journal of the Mechanics andPhysics of Solids 56 (2), 640-662, is performed. The governing equations andflow laws are recast in variational form. The associated incremental problem isformulated in minimization form and provides the basis for the subsequentfinite element formulation. Various choices of the kinematic measure used tocharacterize the ability of the grain boundary to impede the flow ofdislocations are compared. An alternative measure is also suggested. A seriesof three-dimensional numerical examples serve to elucidate the theory."
A Plane Wave Virtual Element Method for the Helmholtz Problem	2015	We introduce and analyze a virtual element method (VEM) for the Helmholtzproblem with approximating spaces made of products of low order VEM functionsand plane waves. We restrict ourselves to the 2D Helmholtz equation withimpedance boundary conditions on the whole domain boundary. The mainingredients of the plane wave VEM scheme are: i) a low frequency space made ofVEM functions, whose basis functions are not explicitly computed in the elementinteriors; ii) a proper local projection operator onto the high-frequencyspace, made of plane waves; iii) an approximate stabilization term. Aconvergence result for the h-version of the method is proved, and numericalresults testing its performance on general polygonal meshes are presented.
On the Statistics of Reaction-Diffusion Simulations for Molecular  Communication	2015	A molecule traveling in a realistic propagation environment can experiencestochastic interactions with other molecules and the environment boundary. Thestatistical behavior of some isolated phenomena, such as dilute unboundedmolecular diffusion, are well understood. However, the coupling of multipleinteractions can impede closed-form analysis, such that simulations arerequired to determine the statistics. This paper compares the statistics ofmolecular reaction-diffusion simulation models from the perspective ofmolecular communication systems. Microscopic methods track the location andstate of every molecule, whereas mesoscopic methods partition the environmentinto virtual containers that hold molecules. The properties of each model aredescribed and compared with a hybrid of both models. Simulation results alsoassess the accuracy of Poisson and Gaussian approximations of the underlyingBinomial statistics.
Detecting Photon-Photon Interactions in a Superconducting Circuit	2015	A local interaction between photons can be engineered by coupling a nonlinearsystem to a transmission line. The required high impedance transmission linecan be conveniently formed from a chain of Josephson junctions. Thenonlinearity is generated by side-coupling this chain to a Cooper pair box. Wepropose to probe the resulting photon-photon interactions via their effect onthe current-voltage characteristic of a voltage-biased Josephson junctionconnected to the transmission line. Considering the Cooper pair box to be inthe weakly anharmonic regime, we find that the dc current through the probejunction yields features around the voltages $2eV=n\hbar\omega_s$, where$\omega_s$ is the plasma frequency of the superconducting circuit. The featuresat $n\ge 2$ are a direct signature of the photon-photon interaction in thesystem.
Estimating Visual Comfort in Stereoscopic Displays Using  Electroencephalography: A Proof-of-Concept	2015	With stereoscopic displays, a depth sensation that is too strong could impedevisual comfort and result in fatigue or pain. Electroencephalography (EEG) is atechnology which records brain activity. We used it to develop a novelbrain-computer interface that monitors users' states in order to reduce visualstrain. We present the first proof-of-concept system that discriminatescomfortable conditions from uncomfortable ones during stereoscopic vision usingEEG. It reacts within 1s to depth variations, achieving 63% accuracy on averageand 74% when 7 consecutive variations are measured. This study could lead toadaptive systems that automatically suit stereoscopic displays to users andviewing conditions.
Nuclear spin noise in NMR revisited	2015	"The theoretical shapes of nuclear spin-noise spectra in NMR are derived byconsidering a receiver circuit with finite, preamplifier input impedance and atransmission line between the preamplifier and the probe. Using this model, itbecomes possible to reproduce all observed experimental features: variation ofthe NMR resonance linewidth as a function of the transmission line phase,nuclear spin-noise signals appearing as a ""bump"" or as a ""dip"" superimposed onthe average electronic noise level even for a spin system and probe at the sametemperature, pure in-phase Lorentzian spin-noise signals exhibitingnon-vanishing frequency shifts. Extensive comparison to experimentalmeasurements validate the model predictions, and define the conditions forobtaining pure in-phase Lorentzian-shape nuclear spin noise with a vanishingfrequency shift, in other words, the conditions for simultaneously obtainingthe Spin-Noise and Frequency-Shift Tuning Optima."
Prethermal Floquet Steady States and Instabilities in the Periodically  Driven, Weakly Interacting Bose-Hubbard Model	2015	We explore prethermal Floquet steady states and instabilities of the weaklyinteracting two-dimensional Bose-Hubbard model subject to periodic driving. Wedevelop a description of the nonequilibrium dynamics, at arbitrary drivestrength and frequency, using a weak-coupling conserving approximation. Weestablish the regimes in which conventional (zero-momentum) and unconventional[$(\pi,\pi)$-momentum] condensates are stable on intermediate time scales. Wefind that condensate stability is \emph{enhanced} by increasing the drivestrength, because this decreases the bandwidth of quasiparticle excitations andthus impedes resonant absorption and heating. Our results are directly relevantto a number of current experiments with ultracold bosons.
Prospects for atomic clocks based on large ion crystals	2015	We investigate the feasibility of precision frequency metrology with largeion crystals. For clock candidates with a negative differential staticpolarisability, we show that micromotion effects should not impede theperformance of the clock. Using Lu+ as a specific example, we show thatquadrupole shifts due to the electric fields from neighbouring ions do notsignificantly affect clock performance. We also show that effects from thetensor polarisability can be effectively managed with a compensation laser atleast for a small number of ions (<1000). These results provide newpossibilities for ion-based atomic clocks, allowing them to achieve stabilitylevels comparable to neutral atoms in optical lattices and a viable path togreater levels of accuracy.
Casimir-Polder attraction-repulsion crossover criterion	2015	The mutual electromagnetic correlations between two spatially separatedsystems gives rise to Casimir and Casimir-Polder effect. The correspondingforces, which are generally attractive for most vacuum-separated metallic ordielectric geometries, are due to the contribution to the ground-state energyof the coupled system. We investigate here the Casimir-Polder free energycorresponding to interactions of a magnetically and electrically polarizablemicro-particle with a magneto-dielectric sheet. Our semi-phenomenological studyshows that such an interaction is reversibly tunable in strength and sign.Thelatter, particularly, is true provided we look for the exotic materialsfabricated at scales between the micron and the nanometer. The crossoverbetween attractive and repulsive behavior is found to depend on thepolarizability ratio of the micro-particle and the electromagnetic impedance ofthe magneto-dielectric sheet.
Antibunched photons from inelastic Cooper-pair tunneling	2015	We demonstrate theoretically that charge transport across a Josephsonjunction, voltage-biased through a resistive environment, produces antibunchedphotons. We develop a continuous-mode description of the emitted radiationfield in a semi-infinite transmission line terminated by the Josephsonjunction. Within a perturbative treatment in powers of the tunneling couplingacross the Josephson junction, we capture effects originating in chargingdynamics of consecutively tunneling Cooper pairs. We find that within afeasible experimental setup the Coulomb blockade provided by highzero-frequency impedance can be used to create antibunched photons at a veryhigh rate and in a very versatile frequency window ranging from a few GHz to aTHz.
A New Method for Multi-Bit and Qudit Transfer Based on Commensurate  Waveguide Arrays	2015	The faithful state transfer is an important requirement in the constructionof classical and quantum computers. While the high-speed transfer is realizedby optical-fibre interconnects, its implementation in integrated opticalcircuits is affected by cross-talk. The cross-talk between densely packedoptical waveguides limits the transfer fidelity and distorts the signal in eachchannel, thus severely impeding the parallel transfer of states such asclassical registers, multiple qubits and qudits. Here, we leverage on thesuitably engineered cross-talk between waveguides to achieve the paralleltransfer on optical chip. Waveguide coupling coefficients are designed to yieldcommensurate eigenvalues of the array and hence, periodic revivals of the inputstate. While, in general, polynomially complex, the inverse eigenvalue problempermits analytic solutions for small number of waveguides. We present exactsolutions for arrays of up to nine waveguides and use them to design realisticbuses for multi-(qu)bit and qudit transfer. Advantages and limitations of theproposed solution are discussed in the context of available fabricationtechniques.
Near field radiative heat transfer between two nonlocal dielectrics	2015	We explore in the present work the near-field radiative heat transfer betweentwo semi-infinite parallel nonlocal dielectric planes by means of fluctuationalelectrodynamics. We use atheory for the nonlocal dielectricpermittivityfunction proposed byHalevi and Fuchs. This theory has the advantageto includedifferent models performed in the literature. According to thistheory, the nonlocal dielectric function is described by a Lorenz-Drude likesingle oscillator model, in which the spatial dispersion effects arerepresented by an additional term depending on the square of the totalwavevector k. The theory takes into account the scattering of theelectromagneticexcitation at the surface of the dielectric material, whichleads to the need of additional boundary conditions in order to solve Maxwell'sequations and treat the electromagnetic transmission problem. The additionalboundary conditions appear as additional surface scattering parameters in theexpressions of the surface impedances. It is shown that the nonlocal modelingdeviates from the classical $1/d^2$ law in the nanometerrangeat distances stilllarger than the ones where quantum effects are expected to come into play.
Frequency-tunable Superconducting Resonators via Nonlinear Kinetic  Inductance	2015	We have designed, fabricated and tested a frequency-tunable high-Qsuperconducting resonator made from a niobium titanium nitride film. Thefrequency tunability is achieved by injecting a DC current through acurrent-directing circuit into the nonlinear inductor whose kinetic inductanceis current-dependent. We have demonstrated continuous tuning of the resonancefrequency in a 180 MHz frequency range around 4.5 GHz while maintaining thehigh internal quality factor $Q_i> 180,000$. This device may serve as a tunablefilter and find applications in superconducting quantum computing andmeasurement. It also provides a useful tool to study the nonlinear response ofa superconductor. In addition, it may be developed into techniques formeasurement of the complex impedance of a superconductor at its transitiontemperature and for readout of transition-edge sensors.
Addressing the Challenges of Using Ferromagnetic Electrodes in the  Molecular Spintronics Devices	2015	Ferromagnetic electrodes chemically bonded with thiol functionalizedmolecules can produce novel molecular spintronics devices. However, majorchallenges lie in developing Ferromagnetic electrodes based commercially viabledevice fabrication scheme that consider the susceptibility of ferromagneticelectrodes to oxidation, chemical etching, and stress induced deformationsduring fabrication and usage. This paper studies NiFe, an alloy used in thepresent day memory devices and high-temperature engineering applications, as acandidate FM electrode for the fabrication of MSDs. Our spectroscopicreflectance studies show that NiFe start oxidizing aggressively beyond 90 C.The NiFe surfaces, aged for several months or heated for several minutes below90 C, exhibited remarkable electrochemical activity and were suitable forchemical bonding with the thiol functionalized molecular device elements. NiFealso demonstrated excellent etching resistance and minimized the mechanicalstress induced deformities. This paper demonstrates the successful utilizationof NiFe electrodes in the tunnel junction based molecular device fabricationapproach. This paper is expected to fill the knowledge gap impeding theexperimental development of ferromagnetic electrode based molecular spintronicsdevices for realizing novel logic and memory devices and observing a numeroustheoretically predicted phenomenon.
Synthesis of Recursive ADT Transformations from Reusable Templates	2015	Recent work has proposed a promising approach to improving scalability ofprogram synthesis by allowing the user to supply a syntactic template thatconstrains the space of potential programs. Unfortunately, creating templatesoften requires nontrivial effort from the user, which impedes the usability ofthe synthesizer. We present a solution to this problem in the context ofrecursive transformations on algebraic data-types. Our approach relies onpolymorphic synthesis constructs: a small but powerful extension to thelanguage of syntactic templates, which makes it possible to define a programspace in a concise and highly reusable manner, while at the same time retainsthe scalability benefits of conventional templates. This approach enablesend-users to reuse predefined templates from a library for a wide variety ofproblems with little effort. The paper also describes a novel optimization thatfurther improves the performance and scalability of the system. We evaluatedthe approach on a set of benchmarks that most notably includes desugaringfunctions for lambda calculus, which force the synthesizer to discover Churchencodings for pairs and boolean operations.
Maximizing electrical power supply using FACTS devices	2015	Modern society critically depends on the services electric power provides.Power systems rely on a network of power lines and transformers to deliverpower from sources of power (generators) to the consumers (loads). However,when power lines fail (for example, through lightning or natural disasters) orwhen the system is heavily used, the network is often unable to fulfill all ofthe demand for power. While systems are vulnerable to these failures,increasingly, sophisticated control devices are being deployed to improve theefficiency of power systems. Such devices can also be used to improve theresiliency of power systems to failures. In this paper, we focus on using FACTSdevices in this context. A FACTS device allows power grid operators to adjustthe impedance parameters of power lines, thereby redistributing flow in thenetwork and potentially increasing the amount of power that is supplied. Herewe develop new approaches for determining the optimal parameter settings forFACTS devices in order to supply the maximal amount of power when networks arestressed, e.g. power line failures and heavy utilization.
Distributed shape derivative via averaged adjoint method and  applications	2015	The structure theorem of Hadamard-Zol\'esio states that the derivative of ashape functional is a distribution on the boundary of the domain depending onlyon the normal perturbations of a smooth enough boundary. Actually the domainrepresentation, also known as distributed shape derivative, is more generalthan the boundary expression as it is well-defined for shapes having a lowerregularity. It is customary in the shape optimization literature to assumeregularity of the domains and use the boundary expression of the shapederivative for numerical algorithms. In this paper we describe severaladvantages of the distributed shape derivative in terms of generality, easinessof computation and numerical implementation. We identify a tensorrepresentation of the distributed shape derivative, study its properties andshow how it allows to recover the boundary expression directly. We use a novelLagrangian approach, which is applicable to a large class of shape optimizationproblems, to compute the distributed shape derivative. We also apply thetechnique to retrieve the distributed shape derivative for electrical impedancetomography. Finally we explain how to adapt the level set method to thedistributed shape derivative framework and present numerical results.
Non-destructive splitter of twisted light	2015	Efficiently discriminating beams carrying different orbital angular momentum(OAM) is of fundamental importance for various applications including highcapacity optical communication and quantum information processing. We designand experimentally verify a distinguished method for effectively splittingdifferent OAM-carried beams by introducing Dove prisms in a ring cavity.Because of rotational symmetry broken of two OAM-carried beams with oppositetopological charges, their transmission spectra will split. When mode andimpedance matches between the cavity and one OAM-carried beam are achieved,this beam will transmit through the cavity, and other beam will be reflectedwithout being destroyed their spatial shapes. In this case, the cavity actslike a polarized beam splitter. The transmitting beam can be selected at yourwill. The splitting efficiency can reach unity if the cavity is lossless and itcompletely matches with the beam. Beams carry multi-OAMs can also beeffectively split by cascading ring cavities.
Reasoning about modular datatypes with Mendler induction	2015	In functional programming, datatypes a la carte provide a convenient modularrepresentation of recursive datatypes, based on their initial algebrasemantics. Unfortunately it is highly challenging to implement this techniquein proof assistants that are based on type theory, like Coq. The reason is thatit involves type definitions, such as those of type-level fixpoint operators,that are not strictly positive. The known work-around of impredicativeencodings is problematic, insofar as it impedes conventional inductivereasoning. Weak induction principles can be used instead, but they considerablycomplicate proofs.  This paper proposes a novel and simpler technique to reason inductively aboutimpredicative encodings, based on Mendler-style induction. This techniqueinvolves dispensing with dependent induction, ensuring that datatypes can belifted to predicates and relying on relational formulations. A case study onproving subject reduction for structural operational semantics illustrates thatthe approach enables modular proofs, and that these proofs are essentiallysimilar to conventional ones.
Dynamic relaxation oscillations in a nonlinearly driven quartz crystal	2015	We demonstrate thermo-mechanical relaxation oscillations in a strongly drivenquartz crystal. Dynamic bifurcation leads to two stable oscillation states witha distinct electrical impedance. Slow Joule-heating, which shifts thesusceptibility of the crystal, provides a feedback that leads tothermally-induced oscillations, in which the amplitude of the crystal ismodulated by a relaxation cycle. The frequency of the relaxation cycle isroughly a million times lower than the resonance frequency of the crystal, andit can be adjusted by the detuning from the critical point for dynamicbifurcation. The experimental observations are reproduced by a simple modelthat takes into account the slow dynamics of the system.
Subwavelength total acoustic absorption with degenerate resonators	2015	We report the experimental realization of perfect sound absorption bysub-wavelength monopole and dipole resonators that exhibit degenerate resonantfrequencies. This is achieved through the destructive interference of tworesonators' transmission responses, while the matching of their averagedimpedances to that of air implies no backscattering, thereby leading to totalabsorption. Two examples, both using decorated membrane resonators (DMRs) asthe basic units, are presented. The first is a flat panel comprising a DMR anda pair of coupled DMRs, while the second one is a ventilated short tubecontaining a DMR in conjunction with a sidewall DMR backed by a cavity. In bothexamples, near perfect absorption, up to 99.7%, has been observed with theairborne wavelength up to 1.2 m, which is at least an order of magnitude largerthan the composite absorber. Excellent agreement between theory and experimentis obtained.
On solutions of Maxwell's equations with dipole sources over a thin  conducting film	2015	We derive and interpret solutions of time-harmonic Maxwell's equations with avertical and a horizontal electric dipole near a planar, thin conducting film,e.g. graphene sheet, lying between two unbounded isotropic and non-magneticmedia. Exact expressions for all field components are extracted in terms ofrapidly convergent series of known transcendental functions when the ambientmedia have equal permittivities and both the dipole and observation point lieon the plane of the film. These solutions are simplified for all distances fromthe source when the film surface resistivity is large in magnitude compared tothe intrinsic impedance of the ambient space. The formulas reveal theanalytical structure of two types of waves that can possibly be excited by thedipoles and propagate on the film. One of these waves is intimately related tothe surface plasmon-polariton of transverse-magnetic (TM) polarization of planewaves.
CLAMShell: Speeding up Crowds for Low-latency Data Labeling	2015	Data labeling is a necessary but often slow process that impedes thedevelopment of interactive systems for modern data analysis. Despite risingdemand for manual data labeling, there is a surprising lack of work addressingits high and unpredictable latency. In this paper, we introduce CLAMShell, asystem that speeds up crowds in order to achieve consistently low-latency datalabeling. We offer a taxonomy of the sources of labeling latency and studyseveral large crowd-sourced labeling deployments to understand their empiricallatency profiles. Driven by these insights, we comprehensively tackle eachsource of latency, both by developing novel techniques such as stragglermitigation and pool maintenance and by optimizing existing methods such ascrowd retainer pools and active learning. We evaluate CLAMShell in simulationand on live workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk, demonstrating that ourtechniques can provide an order of magnitude speedup and variance reductionover existing crowdsourced labeling strategies.
Skin Effect Modeling in Conductors of Arbitrary Shape Through a Surface  Admittance Operator and the Contour Integral Method	2015	An accurate modeling of skin effect inside conductors is of capitalimportance to solve transmission line and scattering problems. This paperpresents a surface-based formulation to model skin effect in conductors ofarbitrary cross section, and compute the per-unit-length impedance of amulticonductor transmission line. The proposed formulation is based on theDirichlet-Neumann operator that relates the longitudinal electric field to thetangential magnetic field on the boundary of a conductor. We demonstrate howthe surface operator can be obtained through the contour integral method forconductors of arbitrary shape. The proposed algorithm is simple to implement,efficient, and can handle arbitrary cross-sections, which is a main advantageover the existing approach based on eigenfunctions, which is available only forcanonical conductor's shapes. The versatility of the method is illustratedthrough a diverse set of examples, which includes transmission lines withtrapezoidal, curved, and V-shaped conductors. Numerical results demonstrate theaccuracy, versatility, and efficiency of the proposed technique.
Single-Mode Optical Waveguides on Native High-Refractive-Index  Substrates	2016	High-refractive-index semiconductor optical waveguides form the basis formodern photonic integrated circuits (PICs) , but the conventional methods ofachieving optical confinement require a thick lower-refractive-index supportlayer that impedes large-scale co-integration with electronics. To address thischallenge, we present a general architecture for single-mode waveguides thatconfine light in a high-refractive-index material on a native substrate. Ourwaveguide consists of a high-aspect-ratio fin of the guiding materialsurrounded by lower-refractive-index dielectrics and is compatible withstandard top-down fabrication techniques. The proposed waveguide geometryremoves the need for a buried-oxide-layer in silicon photonics, as well as theInGaAsP layer in InP-based PICs and will allow for photonic integration onemerging material platforms such as diamond and SiC.
Heat transfer in a complex medium	2016	The heat equation is considered in the complex medium consisting of manysmall bodies (particles) embedded in a given material. On the surfaces of thesmall bodies an impedance boundary condition is imposed. An equation for thelimiting field is derived when the characteristic size $a$ of the small bodiestends to zero, their total number $\mathcal{N}(a)$ tends to infinity at asuitable rate, and the distance $d = d(a)$ between neighboring small bodiestends to zero: $a << d$, $\lim_{a\to 0}\frac{a}{d(a)}=0$. No periodicity isassumed about the distribution of the small bodies. These results are basic fora method of creating a medium in which heat signals are transmitted along agiven line. The technical part for this method is based on an inverse problemof finding potential with prescribed eigenvalues.
Terahertz Saturable Absorption in Superconducting Metamaterials	2016	We present a superconducting metamaterial saturable absorber at terahertzfrequencies. The absorber consists of an array of split ring resonators (SRRs)etched from a 100nm YBaCu3O7 (YBCO) film. A polyimide spacer layer and goldground plane are deposited above the SRRs, creating a reflecting perfectabsorber. Increasing either the temperature or incident electric field (E)decreases the superconducting condensate density and corresponding kineticinductance of the SRRs. This alters the impedance matching in the metamaterial,reducing the peak absorption. At low electric fields, the absorption wasoptimized near 80% at T=10K and decreased to 20% at T=70K. For E=40kV/cm andT=10K, the peak absorption was 70% decreasing to 40% at 200kV/cm, correspondingto a modulation of 43%.
Coherent Perfect Absorption induced by the nonlinearity of a Helmholtz  resonator	2016	In this work, we analytically report Coherent Perfect Absorption induced bythe acoustic nonlinear response of a Helmholtz Resonator side loaded to awaveguide. In particular, we show that this two-port acoustic system canperfectly absorb two high amplitude symmetric incident waves when the additivenonlinear losses in the HR, induced by the jet flow separation, together withthe weak linear viscothermal losses of the HR balance the radiation losses tothe waveguide. For the case of the one-sided incidence configuration, thiscondition leads to an absorption equal to 0.5. This result, which is verifiedexperimentally, is in a good agreement with an analytical nonlinear model ofthe impedance of the HR. The nonlinear control of perfect absorption usingresonators will open new possibilities in the design of high amplitude soundattenuators for aero-engine applications.
Superconducting cavity-electromechanics on silicon-on-insulator	2016	Fabrication processes involving anhydrous hydrofluoric vapor etching aredeveloped to create high-$Q$ aluminum superconducting microwave resonators onfree-standing silicon membranes formed from a silicon-on-insulator wafer. Usingthis fabrication process, a high-impedance $8.9$GHz coil resonator is coupledcapacitively with large participation ratio to a $9.7$MHz micromechanicalresonator. Two-tone microwave spectroscopy and radiation pressure back-actionare used to characterize the coupled system in a dilution refrigerator down totemperatures of $T_f = 11$~mK, yielding a measured electromechanical vacuumcoupling rate of $g_{0}/2\pi \approx 24.6$~Hz and a mechanical resonator$Q$-factor of $Q_{m}=1.7\times 10^7$. Microwave back-action cooling of themechanical resonator is also studied, with a minimum phonon occupancy of $n_{m}\approx 16$ phonons being realized at an elevated fridge temperature of $T_f =211$~mK.
Single microwave-photon detector using an artificial $$-type  three-level system	2016	"Single photon detection is a requisite technique in quantum-opticsexperiments in both the optical and the microwave domains. However, the energyof microwave quanta are four to five orders of magnitude less than theiroptical counterpart, making the efficient detection of single microwave photonsextremely challenging. Here, we demonstrate the detection of a single microwavephoton propagating through a waveguide. The detector is implemented with an""impedance-matched"" artificial $\Lambda$ system comprising the dressed statesof a driven superconducting qubit coupled to a microwave resonator. We attain asingle-photon detection efficiency of $0.66 \pm 0.06$ with a reset time of$\sim 400$~ns. This detector can be exploited for various applications inquantum sensing, quantum communication and quantum information processing."
Bayesian inference in non-Markovian state-space models with applications  to fractional order systems	2016	Battery impedance spectroscopy models are given by fractional order (FO)differential equations. In the discrete-time domain, they give rise tostate-space models where the latent process is not Markovian. Parameterestimation for these models is therefore challenging, especially fornon-commensurate FO models. In this paper, we propose a Bayesian approach toidentify the parameters of generic FO systems. The computational challenge istackled with particle Markov chain Monte Carlo methods, with an implementationspecifically designed for the non-Markovian setting. The approach is thenapplied to estimate the parameters of a battery non-commensurate FO equivalentcircuit model. Extensive simulations are provided to study the practicalidentifiability of model parameters and their sensitivity to the choice ofprior distributions, the number of observations, the magnitude of the inputsignal and the measurement noise.
Josephson effects in an alternating current biased transition edge  sensor	2016	We report the experimental evidence of the ac Josephson effect in atransition edge sensor (TES) operating in a frequency domain multiplexer andbiased by ac voltage at MHz frequencies. The effect is observed by measuringthe non-linear impedance of the sensor. The TES is treated as a weakly linkedsuperconducting system and within the resistively shunted junction modelframework. We provide a full theoretical explanation of the results by findingthe analytic solution of the non-inertial Langevian equation of the system andcalculating the non-linear response of the detector to a large ac bias currentin the presence of noise.
Inverse obstacle scattering with non-over-determined data	2016	It is proved that the scattering amplitude $A(\beta, \alpha_0, k_0)$, knownfor all $\beta\in S^2$, where $S^2$ is the unit sphere in $\mathbb{R}^3$, andfixed $\alpha_0\in S^2$ and $k_0>0$, determines uniquely the surface $S$ of theobstacle $D$ and the boundary condition on $S$. The boundary condition on $S$is assumed to be the Dirichlet, or Neumann, or the impedance one. Theuniqueness theorem for the solution of multidimensional inverse scatteringproblems with non-over-determined data was not known for many decades. Such atheorem is proved in this paper for inverse scattering by obstacles for thefirst time.
Ultralow Thermal Conductivity in Full-Heusler Semiconductors	2016	Semiconducting half- and, to a lesser extent, full-Heusler compounds arepromising thermoelectric materials due to their compelling electronicproperties with large power factors. However, intrinsically high thermalconductivity resulting in a limited thermoelectric efficiency has so farimpeded their widespread use in practical applications. Here, we report thecomputational discovery of a class of hitherto unknown stable semiconductingfull-Heusler compounds with ten valence electrons ($X_2YZ$, $X$=Ca, Sr, and Ba;$Y$= Au and Hg; $Z$=Sn, Pb, As, Sb, and Bi) through high-throughput $ab-initio$screening. These new compounds exhibit ultralow lattice thermal conductivity$\kappa_{\text{L}}$ close to the theoretical minimum due to strong anharmonicrattling of the heavy noble metals, while preserving high power factors, thusresulting in excellent phonon-glass electron-crystal materials.
Certified Descent Algorithm for shape optimization driven by  fully-computable a posteriori error estimators	2016	In this paper we introduce a novel certified shape optimization strategy -named Certified Descent Algorithm (CDA) - to account for the numerical errorintroduced by the Finite Element approximation of the shape gradient. Wepresent a goal-oriented procedure to derive a certified upper bound of theerror in the shape gradient and we construct a fully-computable, constant-freea posteriori error estimator inspired by the complementary energy principle.The resulting CDA is able to identify a genuine descent direction at eachiteration and features a reliable stopping criterion. After validating theerror estimator, some numerical simulations of the resulting certified shapeoptimization strategy are presented for the well-known inverse identificationproblem of Electrical Impedance Tomography.
Two-Dimensional Flow Nanometry of Biological Nanoparticles for Accurate  Determination of Their Size and Emission Intensity	2016	Biological nanoparticles (BNPs) are of high interest due to their key role invarious biological processes and use as biomarkers. BNP size and molecularcomposition are decisive for their functions, but simultaneous determination ofboth properties with high accuracy remains challenging, which is a severelimitation. Surface-sensitive microscopy allows one to precisely determinefluorescence or scattering intensity, but not the size of individual BNPs. Thelatter is better determined by tracking their random motion in bulk, but thelimited illumination volume for tracking this motion impedes reliable intensitydetermination. We here show that attaching BNPs (specifically, vesicles andfunctionalized gold NPs) to a supported lipid bilayer, subjecting them to ahydrodynamic flow, and tracking their motion via surface-sensitive imagingenable to determine their diffusion coefficients and flow-induced driftvelocities and to accurately quantify both BNP size and emission intensity. Forvesicles, the high accuracy is demonstrated by resolving the expectedradius-squared dependence of their fluorescence intensity.
Helmholtz equation in a semi-infinite strip with impedance boundary  conditions of the third and fifth orders	2016	Two boundary value problems for the Helmholtz equation in a semi-infinitestrip are considered. The main feature of these problems is that, in additionto the function and its normal derivative on the boundary, the functionals ofthe boundary conditions possess tangential derivatives of the second and fourthorders. Also, the setting of the problems is complimented by certain edgeconditions at the two vertices of the semi-strip. The problems model wavepropagation in a semi-infinite waveguide with membrane and plate walls. Atechnique for the exact solution of these fluid-structure interaction problemsis proposed. It requires application of two Laplace transforms with respect toboth variables with the parameter of the second transform being a certainfunction of the first Laplace transform parameter. Ultimately, this methodyields two scalar Riemann-Hilbert problems with the same coefficient anddifferent right-hand sides. The dependence of the existence and uniquenessresults of the physical model problems on the index of the Riemann-Hilbertproblem is discussed.
Detecting Violence in Video using Subclasses	2016	This paper attacks the challenging problem of violence detection in videos.Different from existing works focusing on combining multi-modal features, we goone step further by adding and exploiting subclasses visually related toviolence. We enrich the MediaEval 2015 violence dataset by \emph{manually}labeling violence videos with respect to the subclasses. Such fine-grainedannotations not only help understand what have impeded previous efforts onlearning to fuse the multi-modal features, but also enhance the generalizationability of the learned fusion to novel test data. The new subclass basedsolution, with AP of 0.303 and P100 of 0.55 on the MediaEval 2015 test set,outperforms several state-of-the-art alternatives. Notice that our solutiondoes not require fine-grained annotations on the test set, so it can bedirectly applied on novel and fully unlabeled videos. Interestingly, our studyshows that motion related features, though being essential part in previoussystems, are dispensable.
False capacitance of supercapacitors	2016	Capacitance measurements from cyclic voltammetry, galvanostaticchronopotentiometry and calculation of capacitance from imaginary part ofimpedance are widely used in investigations of supercapacitors. The methodsassume the supercapacitor is a capacitor, while real objects correspond todifferent equivalent electric circuits and show various contributions ofnon-capacitive currents to the current which is used for calculation ofcapacitance. Specific capacitances which are presented in F g-1 units inpublications not always refer to electric capacitance. The inadequateness ofthe capacitance characterization has already resulted in groundless attributionto supercapacitors of various systems with electrochemical responses of poorlyreversible electrochemical reactions. The number of publications that presentfalse capacitances is terrible and still increases. A widespread neglect ofenergy dissipation in calculations of specific capacitance leads to furtherconfusion in the characterization of supercapacitors.
Stripline kicker for integrable optics test accelerator	2016	We present a design of a stripline kicker for Integrable Optics TestAccelerator (IOTA). For its experimental program IOTA needs two full-aperturekickers, capable to create an arbitrary controllable kick in 2D. For thatreason their strengths are variable in a wide range of amplitudes up to 16mrad, and the pulse length 100 ns is less than a revolution period forelectrons. In addition, the kicker should have a physical aperture of 40 mm fora proposed operation with proton beam, and an outer size of 70 mm to fit insideexisting quadrupole magnets to save space in the ring. Computer simulationsusing CST Microwave Studio show high field uniformity and wave impedance closeto 50 {\Omega}.
A Macroscopic Mathematical Model For Cell Migration Assays Using A  Real-Time Cell Analysis	2016	Experiments of cell migration and chemotaxis assays have been classicallyperformed in the so-called Boyden Chambers. A recent technology, xCELLigenceReal Time Cell Analysis, is now allowing to monitor the cell migration in realtime. This technology measures impedance changes caused by the gradual increaseof electrode surface occupation by cells during the course of time and providea Cell Index which is proportional to cellular morphology, spreading, rufflingand adhesion quality as well as cell number. In this paper we propose amacroscopic mathematical model, based on \emph{advection-reaction-diffusion}partial differential equations, describing the cell migration assay using thereal-time technology. We carried out numerical simulations to compare simulatedmodel dynamics with data of observed biological experiments on three differentcell lines and in two experimental settings: absence of chemotactic signals(basal migration) and presence of a chemoattractant. Overall we conclude thatour minimal mathematical model is able to describe the phenomenon in the realtime scale and numerical results show a good agreement with the experimentalevidences.
Pencil-Beam Single-point-fed Dirac Leaky-Wave Antenna on a  Transmission-Line Grid	2016	Leaky-wave antennas (LWAs) are widely used as single-point-fed linear antennaarrays. The extension of LWAs to 2D implies that they can be used assingle-point-fed 2D antenna arrays without requiring a complex feeding network.However, generating a pencil beam from 2D LWAs is not straightforward and duecare has to be taken for the design of the LWA. On the other hand,transmission-line (TL) grids have demonstrated interesting behaviors, such asan effective negative refractive index and growing of evanescent waves. In thispaper, a singlepoint-fed TL-grid 2D Dirac leaky-wave antenna (DLWA) design isproposed that generates a pencil beam at both broadside and slightly tiltedangles. The TL-grid unit cell is analytically treated in light of itsscattering and impedance matrices. The optimized TL-grid unit cell is shown toexhibit a closed bandgap in the dispersion relation which is also linearlyvarying with frequency (hence it is a DLWA). The proposed 2D DLWA design isfabricated and the experimental results are presented.
Acoustic Eaton lens array and its fluid application	2016	A principle of an acoustic Eaton Lens array and its application as aremovable tsunami wall is proposed theoretically. The lenses are made ofexpandable rubber pillars or balloons and create a stop-band by the rotatingthe incoming tsunami wave and reduce the pressure by canceling each other. Thediameter of each lens is larger than the wavelength of the tsunami near thecoast, that is, order of a kilometer. The impedance matching on the border ofthe lenses results in little reflection. Before a tsunami, the balloons areburied underground in shallow water near the coast in folded or rounded form.Upon sounding of the tsunami alarm, water and air are pumped into the pillars,which expand and erect the wall above the sea level within a few hours. Afterthe tsunami, the water and air are released from the pillars, which are thenburied underground for reuse. Electricity is used to power the entire process.A numerical simulation with a linear tsunami model was carried out.
Ultrastrong coupling dynamics with a transmon qubit	2016	The interaction of light and matter is often described by the exchange ofsingle excitations. When the coupling strength is a significant fraction of thesystem frequencies, the number of excitations are no longer preserved and thatsimple picture breaks down. This regime is known as the ultrastrong couplingregime and is characterized by non-trivial light-matter eigenstates and complexdynamics. In this work, we propose to use a an array Josephson junctions toincrease the impedance of the light mode enabling ultrastrong coupling to atransmon qubit. We show that the resulting dynamics can be generated and probedby taking advantage of the multi-mode structure of the junction array. Thisproposal relies on the frequency tunability of the transmon and, crucially, onthe use of a low frequency mode of the array, which allows for non-adiabaticchanges of the ground state.
The humidity sensing properties and mechanism of strontium-hexaferrite  ceramics	2016	The humidity sensitivity of n-type strontium-hexaferrite semiconductors,X-type (Sr2Co2Fe28O46) and Z-type (Sr3Co2Fe24O41), are investigated at roomtemperature. The contact and reactions between water and material surface aredemonstrated considering the formation of oxide ion vacancy, singly-ionized /fully-ionized oxide ion vacancy, and the chemisorbed / physisorbed / condensedwater. An impedance spectra model is proposed considering thematerial-electrode interface, interior material, grain boundary, absorbed waterand Warburg response. The mechanism of electronic coupled with protonicconduction and humidity sensing mechanism are explained.
Synthesis and characterization of dense Gd2Ti2O7 pyrochlore thin films  deposited using RF magnetron sputtering	2016	Thin films of phase pure pyrochlore Gd2Ti2O7 have been synthesized by RFmagnetron sputtering. The films were prepared from oxide targets in 50%O2/Aratmosphere and deposited on 111 YSZ substrates at a temperature of 800C. Thepyrochlore structure was confirmed via grazing angle x-ray diffraction andselected area electron diffraction (SAED). TEM analysis also showed that thefilms were dense and of uniform thickness with surface roughness ofapproximately 8nm. The total conductivity measured with AC impedancespectroscopy was found to be independent of thickness and comparable inmagnitude to that of bulk Gd2Ti2O7. Differences were observed in the Arrheniusbehavior between the bulk and thin film samples and are attributed to varyinglevels of background impurities.
On-chip all-dielectric fabrication-tolerant zero-index metamaterials	2016	Zero-index metamaterials (ZIMs) offer unprecedented ways to manipulate theflow of light, and are of interest for wide range of applications includingoptical cloaking, super-coupling, and unconventional phase-matching propertiesin nonlinear optics. Impedance-matched ZIMs can be obtained through a photonicDirac-cone (PDC) dispersion induced by an accidental degeneracy of two linearbands - typically an electric monopole mode and a transverse magnetic dipolemode - at the center of the Brillouin zone. Consequently, PDC can only beachieved for a particular combination of geometric parameters of themetamaterial, and hence is sensitive to fabrication imperfections. Thesefabrication imperfections may limit the usefulness in practical applications.In this work we overcome this obstacle and demonstrate robust all-dielectric(AD) ZIM that supports PDC dispersion over wide parameter space. Our structure,consisting of an array of Si pillars on silica substrate, is fabricated insilicon-oninsulator (SOI) platform and operates at telecom wavelengths.
Advanced boundary electrode modeling for tES and parallel tES/EEG	2016	This paper explores advanced electrode modeling in the context of separateand parallel transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) andelectroencephalography (EEG) measurements. We focus on boundary condition basedapproaches that do not necessitate adding auxiliary elements, e.g. sponges, tothe computational domain. In particular, we investigate the complete electrodemodel (CEM) which incorporates a detailed description of the skin-electrodeinterface including its contact surface, impedance and normal currentdistribution. The CEM can be applied for both tES and EEG electrodes which isadvantageous when a parallel system is used. In comparison to the CEM, we testtwo important reduced approaches: the gap model (GAP) and the point electrodemodel (PEM). We aim to find out the differences of these approaches for arealistic numerical setting based on the stimulation of the auditory cortex.The results obtained suggest, among other things, that GAP and GAP/PEM aresufficiently accurate for the practical application of tES and paralleltES/EEG, respectively. Differences between CEM and GAP were observed mainly inthe skin compartment, where only CEM explains the heating effectscharacteristic to tES.
Design rules for interfacial thermal conductance - building better  bridges	2016	We study the thermal conductance across solid-solid interfaces as thecomposition of an intermediate matching layer is varied. In absence ofphonon-phonon interactions, an added layer can make the interfacial conductanceincrease or decrease depending on the interplay between (1) an increase inphonon transmission due to better bridging between the contacts, and (2) adecrease in the number of available conduction channels that must conservetheir momenta transverse to the interface. When phonon-phonon interactions areincluded, the added layer is seen to aid conductance when the decrease inresistances at the contact-layer boundaries compensate for the additional layerresistance. For the particular systems explored in this work, the maximumconductance happens when the layer mass is close to the geometric mean of thecontact masses. The surprising result, usually associated with coherentantireflection coatings, follows from a monotonic increase in the boundaryresistance with the interface mass ratio. This geometric mean condition readilyextends to a compositionally graded interfacial layer with an exponentiallyvarying mass that generates the thermal equivalent of a broadband impedancematching network.
Impact of Grain Boundaries on Efficiency and Stability of  Organic-Inorganic Trihalide Perovskites	2016	Organic-inorganic perovskite solar cells have attracted tremendous attentionbecause of their remarkably high power conversion efficiencies (PCEs). Tofurther improve the device performance, however, it is imperative to obtainfundamental understandings on the photo-response and long-term stability downto the microscopic level. Here, we report the first quantitative nanoscalephotoconductivity imaging on two methylammonium lead triiodide (MAPbI3) thinfilms with different PCEs by light-stimulated microwave impedance microscopy.The intrinsic photo-response is largely uniform across grains and grainboundaries, which is direct evidence on the inherently benign nature ofmicrostructures in the perovskite thin films. In contrast, the carrier mobilityand lifetime are strongly affected by bulk properties such as the samplecrystallinity. As visualized by the spatial evolution of localphotoconductivity, the degradation due to water diffusion through the cappinglayer begins with the disintegration of large grains rather than the nucleationand propagation from grain boundaries. Our findings provide new insights toimprove the electro-optical properties of MAPbI3 thin films towards large-scalecommercialization.
Sub-amorphous thermal conductivity in amorphous heterogeneous  nanocomposites	2016	Pure amorphous solids are traditionally considered to set the lower bound ofthermal conductivity due to their disordered atomic structure that impedesvibrational energy transport. However, the lower limits for thermalconductivity in heterogeneous amorphous solids and the physical mechanismsunderlying these limits remain unclear. Here, we use equilibrium moleculardynamics to show that an amorphous SiGe nanocomposite can possess thermalconductivity substantially lower than those of the amorphous Si and Geconstituents. Normal mode analysis indicates that the presence of the Geinclusion localizes vibrational modes with frequency above the Ge cutoff in theSi host, drastically reducing their ability to transport heat. This observationsuggests a general route to achieve exceptionally low thermal conductivity infully dense solids by restricting the vibrational density of states availablefor transport in heterogeneous amorphous nanocomposites.
Hamiltonian control of Kuramoto oscillators	2016	Many coordination phenomena are based on a synchronisation process, whoseglobal behaviour emerges from the interactions among the individual parts.Often in Nature, such self-organising mechanism allows the system to behave asa whole and thus grounding its very first existence, or expected functioning,on such process. There are however cases where synchronisation acts against thestability of the system; for instance in the case of engineered structures,resonances among sub parts can destabilise the whole system. In this Letter wepropose an innovative control method to tackle the synchronisation processbased on the use of the Hamiltonian control theory, by adding a small controlterm to the system we are able to impede the onset of the synchronisation. Wepresent our results on the paradigmatic Kuramoto model but the applicabilitydomain is far more large.
Propagation and recovery of singularities in the inverse conductivity  problem	2016	"The ill-posedness of Calder\'on's inverse conductivity problem, responsiblefor the poor spatial resolution of Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT), hasbeen an impetus for the development of hybrid imaging techniques, whichcompensate for this lack of resolution by coupling with a second type ofphysical wave, typically modeled by a hyperbolic PDE. Here we show how, usingEIT data alone, to efficiently detect interior jumps and other singularities ofthe conductivity. Analysis of the complex geometrical optics solutions ofAstala and P\""aiv\""arinta [\emph{Ann. Math.}, {\bf 163} (2006)] in 2D makes itpossible to exploit an underlying complex principal type structure of theproblem. We show that the leading term in a Neumann series is an invertiblenonlinear generalized Radon transform of the conductivity. The wave front setof all higher-order terms can be characterized, and, under a prior, some aresmoother than the leading term. Numerics indicate that this approacheffectively detects inclusions within inclusions via EIT."
Performance study of acoustophoretic microfluidic silicon-glass devices  by characterization of material- and geometry-dependent frequency spectra	2016	The mechanical and electrical response of acoustophoretic microfluidicdevices attached to an ac-voltage-driven piezoelectric transducer is studied bymeans of numerical simulations. The governing equations are formulated in avariational framework that, introducing Lagrangian and Hamiltonian densities,is used to derive the weak form for the finite element discretization of theequations and to characterize the device response in terms offrequency-dependent figures of merit or indicators. The effectiveness of thedevice in focusing microparticles is quantified by two mechanical indicators:the average direction of the pressure gradient and the amount of acousticenergy localized in the microchannel. Further, we derive the relations betweenthe Lagrangian, the Hamiltonian and three electrical indicators: the resonanceQ-value, the impedance and the electric power. The frequency response of thehard-to-measure mechanical indicators is correlated to that of theeasy-to-measure electrical indicators, and by introducing optimality criteria,it is clarified to which extent the latter suffices to identify optimal drivingfrequencies as the geometric configuration and the material parameters vary.
Uniqueness of scatterer in inverse acoustic obstacle scattering with a  single incident plane wave	2016	In this paper, we give a positive answer to a challenging open problem forrecovering unknown obstacle (which is usually referred to as a scatterer) byacoustic wave probe associated to the Helmholtz equation. We show that theacoustic scattering amplitude $A(\beta, {\alpha}_0, k_0)$, known for all${\beta}\in {\mathbb S}^2$, where ${\mathbb {S}}^2$ is the unit sphere in${\mathbb{R}}^3$, ${{\alpha}}_0\in {\mathbb{S}}^2$ is fixed, $k_0>0$ is fixed,determines the obstacle $D$ and the boundary condition on $\partial D$ uniquely(The boundary condition on $\partial D$ is either the Dirichlet, or Neumann, orthe impedance one).
Primary thermometry triad at 6 mK in mesoscopic circuits	2016	Quantum physics emerge and develop as temperature is reduced. Althoughmesoscopic electrical circuits constitute an outstanding platform to explorequantum behavior, the challenge in cooling the electrons impedes theirpotential. The strong coupling of such micrometer-scale devices with themeasurement lines, combined with the weak coupling to the substrate, makes themextremely difficult to thermalize below 10 mK and imposes in-situ thermometers.Here we demonstrate electronic quantum transport at 6 mK in micrometer-scalemesoscopic circuits. The thermometry methods are established by the comparisonof three in-situ primary thermometers, each involving a different underlyingphysics. The employed combination of quantum shot noise, quantum back-action ofa resistive circuit and conductance oscillations of a single-electrontransistor covers a remarkably broad spectrum of mesoscopic phenomena. Theexperiment, performed in vacuum using a standard cryogen-free dilutionrefrigerator, paves the way toward the sub-millikelvin range with additionalthermalization and refrigeration techniques.
Online Thevenin Equivalent Parameter Estimation using Nonlinear and  Linear Recursive Least Square Algorithm	2016	This paper proposes method for detection, estimation of Thevenin equivalentparameters to describe power system behavior. Thevenin equivalent estimation isa challenge due to variation in system states caused by power flow in thenetwork. Thevenin equivalent calculation based on changes in system withmultiple sources integrated with grid, isolated distributed generator system isanalysed and nonlinear least square fit estimation technique for algorithm isadopted. Linear least square fit is used with a linearized model. Performanceevaluation of proposed method is carried out through mathematical model,nonlinear and linear least square fit based algorithm technique and simulationthrough MATLAB/SIMULINK package. Accurate grid and source side impedanceestimation technique is applicable for distributed generation sourcesinterfaced with grid to improve dynamic response, stability, reliability whensubjected to faults or any other disturbances in network. Algorithm canaccurately estimate Thevenin equivalent of multiple sources connected inparallel simultaneously with voltage and current phasor measurements at pointof common coupling. Mathematical analysis and simulation results validate theeffectiveness of proposed method.
Microseconds, milliseconds and seconds: deconvoluting the dynamic  behaviour of planar perovskite solar cells	2016	Perovskite solar cells (PSC) are shown to behave as coupled ionic-electronicconductors with strong evidence that the ionic environment moderates both therate of electron-hole recombination and the band offsets in planar PSC.Numerous models have been presented to explain the behavior of perovskite solarcells, but to date no single model has emerged that can explain both thefrequency and time dependent response of the devices. Here we present astraightforward coupled ionic-electronic model that can be used to explain thelarge amplitude transient behavior and the impedance response of PSC.
Broadband quasi perfect absorption using chirped multi-layer porous  materials	2016	This work theoretically analyzes the sound absorption properties of a chirpedmulti-layer porous material including transmission, in particular showing thebroadband unidirectional absorption properties of the system. Using thecombination of the impedance matching condition and the balance between theleakage and the intrinsic losses, the system is designed to have broadbandunidirectional and quasi perfect absorption. The transfer and scattering matrixformalism, together with numerical simulations based on the finite elementmethod are used to demonstrate the results showing excellent agreement betweenthem. The proposed system allows to construct broadband sound absorbers withimproved absorption in the low frequency regime using less amount of materialthan the complete bulk porous layer.
Nonreciprocal State Conversion between Microwave and Optical Photons	2016	Optomechanical quantum interfaces can be utilized to connect systems withdistinctively different frequencies in hybrid quantum networks. Here we presenta scheme of nonreciprocal quantum state conversion between microwave andoptical photons via an optomechanical interface. By introducing an auxiliarycavity and manipulating the phase differences between the linearizedoptomechanical couplings, uni-directional state transmission can be achieved.The interface can function as an isolator, a circulator, and a two-way switchthat routes the input states to a selected output channel. We show that under ageneralized impedance matching condition, the state conversion can reach highfidelity and is robust against the thermal fluctuations in the mechanical mode.
Sharp bounds on the volume fractions of two materials in a  two-dimensional body from electrical boundary measurements: the translation  method	2011	We deal with the problem of estimating the volume of inclusions using afinite number of boundary measurements in electrical impedance tomography. Wederive upper and lower bounds on the volume fractions of inclusions, or moregenerally two phase mixtures, using two boundary measurements in twodimensions. These bounds are optimal in the sense that they are attained bycertain configurations with some boundary data. We derive the bounds using thetranslation method which uses classical variational principles with a nullLagrangian. We then obtain necessary conditions for the bounds to be attainedand prove that these bounds are attained by inclusions inside which the fieldis uniform. When special boundary conditions are imposed the bounds reduce tothose obtained by Milton and these in turn are shown here to reduce to those ofCapdeboscq-Vogelius in the limit when the volume fraction tends to zero. Thebounds of this paper, and those of Milton, work for inclusions of arbitraryvolume fractions. We then perform some numerical experiments to demonstrate howgood these bounds are.
Single-Photon Absorption in Coupled Atom-Cavity Systems	2011	We show how to capture a single photon of arbitrary temporal shape with oneatom coupled to an optical cavity. Our model applies to Raman transitions inthree-level atoms with one branch of the transition controlled by a (classical)laser pulse, and the other coupled to the cavity. Photons impinging on thecavity normally exhibit partial reflection, transmission, and/or absorption bythe atom. Only a control pulse of suitable temporal shape ensures impedancematching throughout the pulse, which is necessary for complete state mappingfrom photon to atom. For most possible photon shapes, we derive an unambiguousanalytic expression for the shape of this control pulse, and we discuss howthis relates to a quantum memory.
Learning content similarity for music recommendation	2011	Many tasks in music information retrieval, such as recommendation, andplaylist generation for online radio, fall naturally into the query-by-examplesetting, wherein a user queries the system by providing a song, and the systemresponds with a list of relevant or similar song recommendations. Suchapplications ultimately depend on the notion of similarity between items toproduce high-quality results. Current state-of-the-art systems employcollaborative filter methods to represent musical items, effectively comparingitems in terms of their constituent users. While collaborative filtertechniques perform well when historical data is available for each item, theirreliance on historical data impedes performance on novel or unpopular items. Tocombat this problem, practitioners rely on content-based similarity, whichnaturally extends to novel items, but is typically out-performed bycollaborative filter methods.  In this article, we propose a method for optimizing contentbased similarityby learning from a sample of collaborative filter data. The optimizedcontent-based similarity metric can then be applied to answer queries on noveland unpopular items, while still maintaining high recommendation accuracy. Theproposed system yields accurate and efficient representations of audio content,and experimental results show significant improvements in accuracy overcompeting content-based recommendation techniques.
Shock Dynamics in Layered Periodic Media	2011	Solutions of constant-coefficient nonlinear hyperbolic PDEs genericallydevelop shocks, even if the initial data is smooth. Solutions of hyperbolicPDEs with variable coefficients can behave very differently. We investigateformation and stability of shock waves in a one-dimensional periodic layeredmedium by computational study of time-reversibility and entropy evolution. Wefind that periodic layered media tend to inhibit shock formation. For smallinitial conditions and large impedance variation, no shock formation isdetected even after times much greater than the time of shock formation in ahomogeneous medium. Furthermore, weak shocks are observed to be dynamicallyunstable in the sense that they do not lead to significant long-term entropydecay. We propose a characteristic condition for admissibility of shocks inheterogeneous media that generalizes the classical Lax entropy condition andaccurately predicts the formation or absence of shocks in these media.
Impact of Impulse Stops on Pedestrian Flow	2015	We numerically study the impact of impulse stops on pedestrian flow for astraight corridor with multiple attractions. The impulse stop is simulated bythe switching behavior model, a function of the social influence strength andthe number of attendees near the attraction. When the pedestrian influx is low,one can observe a stable flow where attendees make a complete stop at anattraction and then leave the attraction after a certain amount of time. Whenthe pedestrian influx is high, an unstable flow is observed for strong socialinfluence. In the unstable flow, attendees near the attraction are crowded outfrom the clusters by others due to the interpersonal repulsion. The expelledpedestrians impede the pedestrian traffic between the left and right boundariesof the corridor. These collective patterns of pedestrian flow are summarized ina schematic phase diagram.
Nonparametric Reduced-Rank Regression for Multi-SNP, Multi-Trait  Association Mapping	2015	Genome-wide association studies have proven to be essential for understandingthe genetic basis of disease. However, many complex traits---personalitytraits, facial features, disease subtyping---are inherently high-dimensional,impeding simple approaches to association mapping. We developed a nonparametricBayesian reduced rank regression model for multi-SNP, multi-trait associationmapping that does not require the rank of the linear subspace to be specified.We show in simulations and real data that our model shares strength over SNPsand over correlated traits, improving statistical power to identify geneticassociations with an interpretable, SNP-supervised low-dimensional linearprojection of the high-dimensional phenotype. On the HapMap phase 3 geneexpression QTL study data, we identify pleiotropic expression QTLs thatclassical univariate tests are underpowered to find and that two stepapproaches cannot recover. Our Python software, BERRRI, is publicly availableat GitHub: https://github.com/ashlee1031/BERRRI.
Nanoscale Origins of the Damage Tolerance of the High-Entropy Alloy  CrMnFeCoNi	2015	Damage-tolerance can be an elusive characteristic of structural materialsrequiring both high strength and ductility, properties that are often mutuallyexclusive. High-entropy alloys are of interest in this regard. Specifically,the single-phase CrMnFeCoNi alloy displays tensile strength levels of ~1 GPa,excellent ductility (~60-70%) and exceptional fracture toughness (KJIc > 200MPa/m). Here, through the use of in-situ straining in an aberration-correctedtransmission electron microscope, we report on the salient atomistic tomicro-scale mechanisms underlying the origin of these properties. We identify asynergy of multiple deformation mechanisms, rarely achieved in metallic alloys,which generates high strength, work hardening and ductility, including the easymotion of Shockley partials, their interactions to form stacking-faultparallelepipeds, and arrest at planar-slip bands of undissociated dislocations.We further show that crack propagation is impeded by twinned, nano-scalebridges that form between the near-tip crack faces and delay fracture byshielding the crack tip.
Bayesian 3d velocity field reconstruction with VIRBIuS	2015	I describe a new Bayesian based algorithm to infer the full three dimensionalvelocity field from observed distances and spectroscopic galaxy catalogues. Inaddition to the velocity field itself, the algorithm reconstructs truedistances, some cosmological parameters and specific non-linearities in thevelocity field. The algorithm takes care of selection effects, miscalibrationissues and can be easily extended to handle direct fitting of, e.g., theinverse Tully-Fisher relation. I first describe the algorithm in detailsalongside its performances. This algorithm is implemented in the VIRBIuS(VelocIty Reconstruction using Bayesian Inference Software) software package. Ithen test it on different mock distance catalogues with a varying complexity ofobservational issues. The model proved to give robust measurement of velocitiesfor mock catalogues of 3,000 galaxies. I expect the core of the algorithm toscale to tens of thousands galaxies. It holds the promises of giving a betterhandle on future large and deep distance surveys for which individual errors ondistance would impede velocity field inference.
Quantum Electromechanics on Silicon Nitride Nanomembranes	2015	We present a platform based upon silicon nitride nanomembranes forintegrating superconducting microwave circuits with planar acoustic and opticaldevices such as phononic and photonic crystals. Utilizing tensile stress andlithographic patterning of a silicon nitride nanomembrane we are able toreliably realize planar capacitors with vacuum gap sizes down to $s \approx80$nm. In combination with spiral inductor coils of micron pitch, this yieldsmicrowave ($\approx 8$GHz) resonant circuits of high impedance ($Z_{0} \approx3.4$k$\Omega$) suitable for efficient electromechanical coupling to nanoscaleacoustic structures. We measure an electromechanical vacuum coupling rate of$g_{0}/2\pi = 41.5$~Hz to the low frequency ($4.48$MHz) global beam motion of apatterned phononic crystal nanobeam, and through parametric microwave drivingreach a backaction cooled mechanical mode occupancy as low as $n_{m} = 0.58$.
Particle-wave duality in electrical noise	2015	Though electrical noise and conduction current are assigned to corpuscle-likeelectrons drifting in solid matter, this model hardly fits in theFluctuation-Dissipation framework. However, fluctuations of energy due todisplacements of single electrons between two close conductors lead to adiscrete noise model looking like continuous in practice. The complexAdmittance it uses for the displacement and conduction currents between suchconductors, allows a treatment of fluctuations and dissipations of electricalenergy that excels the example of Callen and Welton using the complex Impedanceof resistors. The new model thus obtained not only unifies the phase noise ofelectronic oscillators with the linewidth of lasers, but also explains why theshot noise that the drift theory assigns to conduction currents is notobserved.
Analytical approach to the D3-brane gravity dual for 3d Yang-Mills  theory	2015	"The complexity of ""top-down"" string-dual candidates for strongly-coupledYang-Mills theories and in particular for QCD almost always prohibits theirexact analytical or even comprehensive numerical treatment. This impedes both athorough quantitative analysis and the development of more realistic gravityduals. To mitigate these impediments, we devise an analytical approach totop-down duals on the basis of controlled, uniformly converging high-accuracyapproximations for the normalizable string modes corresponding to gauge-theorystates. We demonstrate the potential of this approach in Witten's dual for $3d$Yang-Mills theory, i.e. in the near-horizon limit of non-extremal$D\text{3}$-branes, compactified on $S^{1}$. We obtain accurate analyticalapproximations to the bulk modes which satisfy the boundary conditions exactly.On their basis, analytical results for masses, sizes, pole residues andcorrelation functions of glueball excitations are derived by spectral methods.These approximations can be systematically improved and rather universallyadapted to more complex gravity duals."
Resonant enhancement of Raman scattering in metamaterials with hybrid  electromagnetic and plasmonic resonances	2016	A tri-layer metamaterial perfect absorber of light, consisting of (Al/ZnS/Al)films with the top aluminium layer patterned as an array of circular disknanoantennas, is investigated for resonantly enhancing Raman scattering fromC-60 fullerene molecules deposited on the metamaterial. The metamaterial isdesigned to have resonant bands due to plasmonic and electromagnetic resonancesat the Raman pump frequency (725 nm) as well as Stokes emission bands. TheRaman scattering from C60 on the metamaterial with resonantly matched bands ismeasured to be enhanced by an order of magnitude more than from C60 onmetamaterials with off-resonant absorption bands peaked at 1090 nm. The Ramanpump is significantly enhanced due to the resonance with a propagating surfaceplasmon band, while the highly impedance matched electromagnetic resonance isexpected to couple out the Raman emission efficiently. The nature andhybridization of the plasmonic and electromagnetic resonances to form compoundresonances are investigated by numerical simulations.
Revisiting Active Perception	2016	Despite the recent successes in robotics, artificial intelligence andcomputer vision, a complete artificial agent necessarily must include activeperception. A multitude of ideas and methods for how to accomplish this havealready appeared in the past, their broader utility perhaps impeded byinsufficient computational power or costly hardware. The history of theseideas, perhaps selective due to our perspectives, is presented with the goal oforganizing the past literature and highlighting the seminal contributions. Weargue that those contributions are as relevant today as they were decades agoand, with the state of modern computational tools, are poised to find new lifein the robotic perception systems of the next decade.
Novel Speech Features for Improved Detection of Spoofing Attacks	2016	Now-a-days, speech-based biometric systems such as automatic speakerverification (ASV) are highly prone to spoofing attacks by an imposture. Withrecent development in various voice conversion (VC) and speech synthesis (SS)algorithms, these spoofing attacks can pose a serious potential threat to thecurrent state-of-the-art ASV systems. To impede such attacks and enhance thesecurity of the ASV systems, the development of efficient anti-spoofingalgorithms is essential that can differentiate synthetic or converted speechfrom natural or human speech. In this paper, we propose a set of novel speechfeatures for detecting spoofing attacks. The proposed features are computedusing alternative frequency-warping technique and formant-specific blocktransformation of filter bank log energies. We have evaluated existing andproposed features against several kinds of synthetic speech data from ASVspoof2015 corpora. The results show that the proposed techniques outperform existingapproaches for various spoofing attack detection task. The techniquesinvestigated in this paper can also accurately classify natural and syntheticspeech as equal error rates (EERs) of 0% have been achieved.
Continuous wave single photon transistor based on a superconducting  circuit	2016	We propose a microwave frequency single photon transistor which can operateunder continuous wave probing, and represents an efficient single microwavephoton detector. It can be realized using an impedance matched system of athree level artificial ladder-type atom coupled to two microwave cavitiesconnected to input/output waveguides. Using a classical drive on the uppertransition, we find parameter space where a single photon control pulseincident on one of cavities can be fully absorbed into hybridized excitedstates. This subsequently leads to series of quantum jumps in the uppermanifold and the appearance of a photon flux leaving the second cavity througha separate input/output port. The proposal does not require time variation ofthe probe signals, thus corresponding to a passive version of single photontransistor. The resulting device is robust to qubit dephasing processes,possesses low dark count rate for large anharmonicity, and can be readilyimplemented using current technology.
Influence of aqueous electrolytes on electrochemical performance of  vertical graphene nanosheets supercapacitor electrode	2016	Vertical graphene nanosheets (VGN) grown as controlled porous network arestudied and demonstrated as a promising electrode material for supercapacitors.The VGN synthesized by microwave plasma enhanced chemical vapor depositionusing CH4/Ar gas mixture as precursor are considered for electrochemicalperformance in Na2SO4, KOH, and H2SO4 to delineate the electrolyte effect.Among the electrolytes, H2SO4 exhibited excellent specific areal capacitance(188 microfarad/cm2) and good capacitance retention (96.8%). No significantchange is observed in impedance spectra even after 200 cycles. An electricequivalent circuit for the system is simulated from Nyquist plot to elucidatethe behavior of electrode/electrolyte interface. This potential supercapacitorelectrode material is well characterized by scanning electron microscopy,transmission electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, and contact anglemeasurement. Utilization of aqueous electrolytes for potential supercapacitorsis also discussed in relation to improved performance observed in H2SO4 medium.
Direct measurement of the electron energy relaxation dynamics in  metallic wires	2016	We present measurements of the dynamical response of thermal noise to an acexcitation in conductors at low temperature. From the frequency dependence ofthis response function - the noise thermal impedance - in the range 1 kHz-1 GHzwe obtain direct determinations of the inelastic relaxation times relevant inmetallic wires at low temperature: the electron-phonon scattering time and thediffusion time of electrons along the wires. Combining these results with thatof resistivity provides a measurement of heat capacity of samples made of thinfilm. The simplicity and reliability of this technique makes it very promisingfor future applications in other systems.
Improving the Transmittance of an Epsilon-Near-Zero based Wavefront  Shaper	2016	Although Epsilon-Near-Zero metamaterials (ENZ) offer many unconventional waysto play with light, the optical impedance mismatch with surroundings can limitthe efficiency of future devices. We report here on the improvement of thetransmittance of an Epsilon-Near-Zero (ENZ) wavefront shaper. We first addressin this paper the way to enhance the transmittance of a plane wave through alayer of ENZ material thanks to a numerical optimization approach based on theTransfer Matrix Method. We then transpose the one dimensional approach to a twodimensional case where the emission of a dipole is shaped into a plane wave byan ENZ device with a design that optimizes the transmittance. As a result, wedemonstrate a transmittance efficiency of 15 \% that is 4 orders of magnitudehigher than previous devices proposed in the literature for wavefront shapingapplications. This work aims at paving the way for future efficient ENZ devicesby offering new strategies to optimize the transmittance through ENZ materials.
Numerical stabilization of entanglement computation in auxiliary field  quantum Monte Carlo simulations of interacting many-fermion systems	2016	In the absence of a fermion sign problem, auxiliary field (or determinantal)quantum Monte Carlo (DQMC) approaches have long been the numerical method ofchoice for unbiased, large-scale simulations of interacting many-fermionsystems. More recently, the conceptual scope of this approach has been expandedby introducing ingenious schemes to compute entanglement entropies within itsframework. On a practical level, these approaches however suffer from a varietyof numerical instabilities that have largely impeded their applicability. Herewe report on a number of algorithmic advances to overcome many of thesenumerical instabilities and significantly improve the calculation ofentanglement measures in the zero-temperature projective DQMC approach,ultimately allowing to reach similar system sizes as for the computation ofconventional observables. We demonstrate the applicability of this improvedDQMC approach by providing an entanglement perspective on the quantum phasetransition from a magnetically ordered Mott insulator to a band insulator inthe bilayer square lattice Hubbard model at half filling.
Evolution of Cooperation on Temporal Networks	2016	The structure of social networks is a key determinant in fosteringcooperation and other altruistic behavior among naturally selfish individuals.However, most real social interactions are temporal, being both finite induration and spread out over time. This raises the question of whether stablecooperation can form despite an intrinsically fragmented social fabric. Here wedevelop a framework to study the evolution of cooperation on temporal networksin the setting of the classic Prisoner's Dilemma. By analyzing both real andsynthetic datasets, we find that temporal networks generally facilitate theevolution of cooperation compared to their static counterparts. Moreinterestingly, we find that the intrinsic human interactive pattern like burstybehavior impedes the evolution of cooperation. Finally, we introduce a measureto quantify the temporality present in networks and demonstrate that there isan intermediate level of temporality that boosts cooperation most. Our resultsopen a new avenue for investigating the evolution of cooperation in morerealistic structured populations.
Coherent Manipulation of Thermal Transport by Tunable Electron-Photon  and Electron-Phonon Interaction	2016	We propose a system where coherent thermal transport between two reservoirsin non-galvanic contact is modulated by independently tuning theelectron-photon and the electron-phonon coupling. The scheme is based on twogate-controlled electrodes capacitively coupled through a dc-SQUID asintermediate phase-tunable resonator. Thereby the electron-photon interactionis modulated by controlling the flux threading the dc-SQUID and the impedanceof the two reservoirs, while the electron-phonon coupling is tuned bycontrolling the charge carrier concentration in the electrodes. Toquantitatively evaluate the behavior of the system we propose to exploitgraphene reservoirs. In this case, the scheme can work at temperatures reaching1 K, with unprecedented temperature modulations as large as 245 mK,transmittance up to 99% and energy conversion efficiency up to 50%. Finally,the accuracy of heat transport control allows to use this system as anexperimental tool to determine the electron-phonon coupling in two dimensionalelectronic systems (2DES).
Ballistic gelatin as a putative substrate for EEG phantom devices	2016	Phantom devices allow the human variable to be controlled for in order toallow clear comparison and validation of biomedical imaging hardware andsoftware. There is currently no standard phantom for electroencephalography(EEG). To be useful, such a device would need to: (a) accurately recreate thereal and imaginary components of scalp electrical impedance, (b) containinternal emitters to create electrical dipoles, and (c) be easily replicableacross various labs and research groups. Cost-effective materials, which areconductive, repeatable, and easily formed are a missing key enabler for EEGphantoms. Here, we explore the use of ballistics gelatin, an inexpensive,easily-formable and repeatable material, as a putative substrate by examiningits electrical properties and physical stability over time. We show that variedconcentrations of NaCl salt relative to gelatin powder shifts thephase/frequency response profile, allowing for selective tuning of the materialelectrical properties.
On-Demand Routing Algorithm with Mobility Prediction in the Mobile  Ad-hoc Networks	2016	In this paper, we propose an ad-hoc on-demand distance vector routingalgorithm for mobile ad-hoc networks taking into account node mobility.Changeable topology of such mobile ad-hoc networks provokes overhead messagesin order to search available routes and maintain found routes. The overheadmessages impede data delivery from sources to destination and deterioratenetwork performance. To overcome such a challenge, our proposed algorithmestimates link duration based neighboring node mobility and chooses the mostreliable route. The proposed algorithm also applies the estimate for routemaintenance to lessen the number of overhead messages. Via simulations, theproposed algorithm is verified in various mobile environments. In the lowmobility environment, by reducing route maintenance messages, the proposedalgorithm significantly improves network performance such as packet data rateand end-to-end delay. In the high mobility environment, the reduction of routediscovery message enhances network performance since the proposed algorithmprovides more reliable routes.
Theory of Multiwave Mixing within the Superconducting Kinetic-Inductance  Traveling-Wave Amplifier	2016	We present a theory of parametric mixing within the coplanar waveguide (CPW)of a superconducting nonlinear kinetic-inductance traveling-wave (KIT)amplifier engineered with periodic dispersion loadings. This is done by firstdeveloping a metamaterial band theory of the dispersion-engineered KIT using aFloquet-Bloch construction and then applying it to the description of mixing ofthe nonlinear RF traveling waves. Our theory allows us to calculate signal gainvs. signal frequency in the presence of a frequency stop gap, based solely onloading design. We present results for both three-wave mixing (3WM), withapplied DC bias, and four-wave mixing (4WM), without DC. Our theory predicts anintrinsic and deterministic origin to undulations of 4WM signal gain withsignal frequency, apart from extrinsic sources, such as impedance mismatch, andshows that such undulations are absent from 3WM signal gain achievable with DC.Our theory is extensible to amplifiers based on Josephson junctions in a lumpedLC transmission line (TWPA).
A Novel Framework based on SVDD to Classify Water Saturation from  Seismic Attributes	2016	Water saturation is an important property in reservoir engineering domain.Thus, satisfactory classification of water saturation from seismic attributesis beneficial for reservoir characterization. However, diverse and non-linearnature of subsurface attributes makes the classification task difficult. Inthis context, this paper proposes a generalized Support Vector Data Description(SVDD) based novel classification framework to classify water saturation intotwo classes (Class high and Class low) from three seismic attributes seismicimpedance, amplitude envelop, and seismic sweetness. G-metric means and programexecution time are used to quantify the performance of the proposed frameworkalong with established supervised classifiers. The documented results implythat the proposed framework is superior to existing classifiers. The presentstudy is envisioned to contribute in further reservoir modeling.
Enabling Bio-Plausible Multi-level STDP using CMOS Neurons with  Dendrites and Bistable RRAMs	2016	Large-scale integration of emerging nanoscale non-volatile memory devices,e.g. resistive random-access memory (RRAM), can enable a new generation ofneuromorphic computers that can solve a wide range of machine learningproblems. Such hybrid CMOS-RRAM neuromorphic architectures will result inseveral orders of magnitude reduction in energy consumption at a very smallform factor, and herald autonomous learning machines capable of self-adaptingto their environment. However, the progress in this area has been impeded fromthe realization that the actual memory devices fall well short of theirexpected behavior. In this work, we discuss the challenges associated withthese memory devices and their use in neuromorphic computing circuits, andpropose pathways to overcome these limitations by introducing 'dendriticlearning'.
Low-dimensional gap plasmons for enhanced light-graphene interactions	2016	Graphene plasmonics has become a highlighted research area due to theoutstanding properties of deep-subwavelength plasmon excitation, longrelaxation time, and electro-optical tunability. Although the giantconductivity of a graphene layer enables the low-dimensional confinement oflight, the atomic scale of the layer thickness is severely mismatched withoptical mode sizes, which impedes the efficient tuning of graphene plasmonmodes from the degraded light-graphene overlap. Inspired by gap plasmon modesin noble metals, here we propose low-dimensional graphene gap plasmon waves forlarge light-graphene overlap factor. We show that gap plasmon waves exhibitsuperior in-plane and out-of-plane field concentrations on graphene compared tothose of edge or wire-like graphene plasmons. By adjusting the chemicalproperty of the graphene layer, efficient and linear modulation of graphene gapplasmon modes is also achieved. Our results provide potential opportunities tolow-dimensional graphene plasmonic devices with strong tunability.
Modulation Doping of Silicon using Aluminium-induced Acceptor States in  Silicon Dioxide	2016	All electronic, optoelectronic or photovoltaic applications of silicon dependon controlling majority charge carriers via doping with impurity atoms.Nanoscale silicon is omnipresent in fundamental research (quantum dots,nanowires) but also approached in future technology nodes of themicroelectronics industry. In general, silicon nanovolumes, irrespective oftheir intended purpose, suffer from effects that impede conventional doping dueto fundamental physical principles such as out-diffusion, statistics of smallnumbers, quantum- or dielectric confinement. In analogy to the concept ofmodulation doping, originally invented for III-V semiconductors, we demonstratea heterostructure modulation doping method for silicon. Our approach utilizes aspecific acceptor state of aluminium atoms in silicon dioxide to generate holesas majority carriers in adjacent silicon. By relocating the dopants fromsilicon to silicon dioxide, Si nanoscale doping problems are circumvented. Inaddition, the concept of aluminium-induced acceptor states for passivating holeselective tunnelling contacts as required for high-efficiency photovoltaics ispresented and corroborated by first carrier lifetime measurements.
Flexible and scalable particle-in-cell methods for massively parallel  computations	2016	Particle-in-cell methods couple mesh-based methods for the solution ofcontinuum mechanics problems, with the ability to advect and evolve particles.They have a long history and many applications in scientific computing.However, they have most often only been implemented for either sequentialcodes, or parallel codes with static meshes that are statically partitioned. Incontrast, many mesh-based codes today use adaptively changing, dynamicallypartitioned meshes, and can scale to thousands or tens of thousands ofprocessors. Consequently, there is a need to revisit the data structures andalgorithms necessary to use particle methods with modern, mesh-based methods.Here we review commonly encountered requirements of particle-in-cell methods,and describe efficient ways to implement them in the context of large-scaleparallel finite-element codes that use dynamically changing meshes. We alsoprovide practical experience for how to address bottlenecks that impede theefficient implementation of these algorithms and demonstrate with numericaltests both that our algorithms can be implemented with optimal complexity andthat they are suitable for very large-scale, practical applications. We providea reference implementation in ASPECT, an open source code for geodynamicmantle-convection simulations built on the deal.II library.
A Robotic Prosthesis for an Amputee Drummer	2016	The design and evaluation of a robotic prosthesis for a drummer with atransradial amputation is presented. The principal objective of the prosthesisis to simulate the role fingers play in drumming. This primarily includescontrolling the manner in which the drum stick rebounds after initial impact.This is achieved using a DC motor driven by a variable impedance controlframework in a shared control system. The user's ability to perform with andcontrol the prosthesis is evaluated using a musical synchronization study. Asecondary objective of the prosthesis is to explore the implications of musicalexpression and human-robotic interaction when a second, completely autonomous,stick is added to the prosthesis. This wearable robotic musician interacts withthe user by listening to the music and responding with different rhythms andbehaviors. We recount some empirical findings based on the user's experience ofperforming under such a paradigm.
An argumentative agent-based model of scientific inquiry	2016	In this paper we present an agent-based model (ABM) of scientific inquiryaimed at investigating how different social networks impact the efficiency ofscientists in acquiring knowledge. As such, the ABM is a computational tool fortackling issues in the domain of scientific methodology and science policy. Incontrast to existing ABMs of science, our model aims to represent theargumentative dynamics that underlies scientific practice. To this end weemploy abstract argumentation theory as the core design feature of the model.This helps to avoid a number of problematic idealizations which are present inother ABMs of science and which impede their relevance for actual scientificpractice.
Volume Contraction at a Grain Boundary in Vanadium	2016	It is a conventional wisdom that symmetry breakdown at grain boundaries incrystals introduces volume expansion and there has been no confirmed evidenceof volume contraction at a grain boundary in any kind of crystals. We reportsurprising volume contraction at the Sigma3(111) grain boundary in vanadium.The lattice distortion near this grain boundary is found to drive the localstructure toward a hypothetical {\omega} phase, which is only slightly lessstable than the bcc phase. Compressing lattice constant a of the {\omega}-phasedown to the value of bcc, as is the case at the Sigma3(111) grain boundary,results in smaller c than in bcc structure, and hence the volume contraction.We also find such a volume contraction impedes the segregation of Ti and H,while enhances that of Cr, and hence a significant influence on materialproperties. The discovery adds fundamental new knowledge of condensed matter,and may also point to new techniques in grain boundary engineering of novelmaterials through volume control.
Giant Hall photoconductivity in narrow-gapped Dirac materials	2016	Carrier dynamics acquire a new character in the presence of Bloch-band Berrycurvature, which naturally arises in gapped Dirac materials (GDMs). Here weargue that photoresponse in GDMs with small band gaps is dramatically enhancedby Berry curvature. This manifests in a giant and saturable Hallphotoconductivity when illuminated by circularly polarized light. Unlike Hallmotion arising from a Lorentz force in a magnetic field, which impedeslongitudinal carrier motion, Hall photoconductivity arising from Berrycurvature can boost longitudinal carrier transport. In GDMs, this results in ahelicity-dependent photoresponse in the Hall regime, where photoconductivity isdominated by its Hall component. We find that the induced Hall conductivity perincident irradiance is enhanced by up to six orders of magnitude when movingfrom the visible regime (with corresponding band gaps) to the far infrared.These results suggest that narrow-gap GDMs are an ideal test-bed for the uniquephysics that arise in the presence of Berry curvature, and open a new avenuefor infrared and terahertz optoelectronics.
Fluid-solid-electric energy transport along piezoelectric flags	2016	The fluid-solid-electric dynamics of a flexible plate covered byinterconnected piezoelectric patches in an axial steady flow are investigatedusing numerical simulations based on a reduced-order model of the fluid loadingfor slender structures. Beyond a critical flow velocity, the fluid-solidinstability results in large amplitude flapping of the structure. Shortpiezoelectric patches positioned continuously along the plate convert its localdeformation into electrical currents that are used within a single internalelectrical network acting as an electric generator for the external outputcircuit. The relative role of the internal and external impedance on the energyharvesting of the system is presented and analyzed in the light of a fullmodeling of the electric and mechanical energy exchanges and transport alongthe structure.
Multiplying and detecting propagating microwave photons using inelastic  Cooper-pair tunneling	2016	The interaction between propagating microwave fields and Cooper-pairtunneling across a DC voltage-biased Josephson junction can be highlynonlinear. We show theoretically that this nonlinearity can be used to convertan incoming single microwave photon into an outgoing $n$-photon Fock state in adifferent mode. In this process, the electrostatic energy released in aCooper-pair tunneling event is transferred to the outgoing Fock state,providing energy gain. The created multi-photon Fock state is frequencyentangled and highly bunched. The conversion can be made reflectionless(impedance-matched) so that all incoming photons are converted to $n$-photonstates. With realistic parameters multiplication ratios $n > 2$ can be reached.By two consecutive multiplications, the outgoing Fock-state number can getsufficiently large to accurately discriminate it from vacuum with linearpost-amplification and power measurement. Therefore, this amplification schemecan be used as single-photon detector without dead time.
Optical hyperpolarization of nitrogen donor spins in bulk diamond	2016	We report hyperpolarization of the electronic spins associated withsubstitutional nitrogen defects in bulk diamond crystal. Hyperpolarization isachieved by optical pumping of nitrogen vacancy centers followed by rapid crossrelaxation at the energy level matching condition in a 51 mT bias field. Themaximum observed donor spin polarization is 0.9 \% corresponding to anenhancement by 25 compared to the thermal Boltzmann polarization. A furtheraccumulation of polarization is impeded by an anomalous optical saturationeffect that we attribute to charge state conversion processes. Hyperpolarizednitrogen donors may form a useful resource for increasing the efficiency ofdiamond-based dynamic nuclear polarization devices.
Robust spin correlations at high magnetic fields in the honeycomb  iridates	2016	The complexity of the antiferromagnetic orders observed in the honeycombiridates is a double-edged sword in the search for a quantum spin-liquid groundstate: both attesting that the magnetic interactions provide many of thenecessary ingredients, but simultaneously impeding access. As a result, focushas been drawn to the unusual magnetic orders and the hints they provide to theunderlying spin correlations. However, the study of any particular brokensymmetry state generally provides little clue as to the possibilities of othernearby ground states \cite{Anderson}. Here we use extreme magnetic fields toreveal the extent of the spin correlations in $\gamma$-lithium iridate. We findthat a magnetic field with a small component along the magnetic easy-axis meltslong-range order, revealing a bistable, strongly correlated spin state. Farfrom the usual destruction of antiferromagnetism via spin polarization, thecorrelated spin state possesses only a small fraction of the total moment,without evidence for long-range order up to the highest attainable magneticfields (>90 T).
On the decay rate for the wave equation with viscoelastic boundary  damping	2017	We consider the wave equation with a boundary condition of memory type. Undernatural conditions on the acoustic impedance $\hat{k}$ of the boundary one candefine a corresponding semigroup of contractions (Desch, Fasangova, Milota,Probst 2010). With the help of Tauberian theorems we establish energy decayrates via resolvent estimates on the generator $-\mathcal{A}$ of the semigroup.We reduce the problem of estimating the resolvent of $-\mathcal{A}$ to theproblem of estimating the resolvent of the corresponding stationary problem.Under not too strict additional assumptions on $\hat{k}$ we establish an upperbound on the resolvent. For the wave equation on the interval or the disk weprove our estimates to be sharp.
Classification Accuracy Improvement for Neuromorphic Computing Systems  with One-level Precision Synapses	2017	Brain inspired neuromorphic computing has demonstrated remarkable advantagesover traditional von Neumann architecture for its high energy efficiency andparallel data processing. However, the limited resolution of synaptic weightsdegrades system accuracy and thus impedes the use of neuromorphic systems. Inthis work, we propose three orthogonal methods to learn synapses with one-levelprecision, namely, distribution-aware quantization, quantization regularizationand bias tuning, to make image classification accuracy comparable to thestate-of-the-art. Experiments on both multi-layer perception and convolutionalneural networks show that the accuracy drop can be well controlled within 0.19%(5.53%) for MNIST (CIFAR-10) database, compared to an ideal system withoutquantization.
$k^{,}$-anonymity: Towards Privacy-Preserving Publishing of  Spatiotemporal Trajectory Data	2017	Mobile network operators can track subscribers via passive or activemonitoring of device locations. The recorded trajectories offer anunprecedented outlook on the activities of large user populations, whichenables developing new networking solutions and services, and scaling upstudies across research disciplines. Yet, the disclosure of individualtrajectories raises significant privacy concerns: thus, these data are oftenprotected by restrictive non-disclosure agreements that limit theiravailability and impede potential usages. In this paper, we contribute to thedevelopment of technical solutions to the problem of privacy-preservingpublishing of spatiotemporal trajectories of mobile subscribers. We propose analgorithm that generalizes the data so that they satisfy$k^{\tau,\epsilon}$-anonymity, an original privacy criterion that thwartsattacks on trajectories. Evaluations with real-world datasets demonstrate thatour algorithm attains its objective while retaining a substantial level ofaccuracy in the data. Our work is a step forward in the direction of open,privacy-preserving datasets of spatiotemporal trajectories.
Ion-irradiated YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_7$ Josephson arrays	2017	"We designed, fabricated and tested short one dimensional arrays of maskedion-irradiated YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_7$ Josephson junctions (JJ) embedded intolog-periodic spiral antennas. Our arrays consist of 4 or 8 junctions separatedeither by 960~nm or 80~nm long areas of undamaged YBCO. Samples with distancedjunctions and with closely spaced junctions showed qualitatively differentbehaviors. Well separated arrays demonstrated giant Shapiro steps in thehundreds-GHz band at 66K and were tested as Josephson mixers with improvedimpedance matching. All closely spaced arrays behaved as one junction with alower superconducting transition temperature, hence forming a single weak linkon distances up to 880~nm. Such design opens a new way to increase theI$_{c}$R$_{N}$ product of ion-irradiated junctions and we speculate that thephenomena and physics behind it might be similar to the so-called ""giant""Josephson coupling observed in cuprates."
Analysis of travel activity determinants using robust statistics	2017	This study investigates travel behavior determinants based on a multidaytravel survey conducted in the region of Ghent, Belgium. Due to the limiteddata reliability of the data sample and the influence of outliers exerted onclassical principal component analysis, robust principal component analysis(ROBPCA) is employed in order to reveal the explanatory variables responsiblefor most of the variability. Interpretation of the results is eased byutilizing ROSPCA. The application of ROSPCA reveals six distinct principalcomponents where each is determined by a few variables. Among others, ourresults suggest a key role of variable categories such as journeypurpose-related impedance and journey inherent constraints. Surprisingly, thevariables associated with journey timing turn out to be less important.Finally, our findings reveal the critical role of outliers in travel behavioranalysis. This suggests that a systematic understanding of how outlierscontribute to observed mobility behavior patterns, as derived from travelsurveys, is needed. In this regard, the proposed methods serve for processingraw data typically used in activity-based modelling.
Quantum Brownian motion at strong dissipation probed by superconducting  tunnel junctions	2017	We have studied the temporal evolution of a quantum system subjected tostrong dissipation at ultra-low temperatures where the system-bath interactionrepresents the leading energy scale. In this regime, theory predicts the timeevolution of the system to follow a generalization of the classicalSmoluchowski description, the quantum Smoluchowski equation, thus, exhibitingquantum Brownian motion characteristics. For this purpose, we have investigatedthe phase dynamics of a superconducting tunnel junction in the presence of highdamping. We performed current-biased measurements on the small-capacitanceJosephson junction of a scanning tunneling microscope placed in a low impedanceenvironment at milli-Kelvin temperatures. We can describe our experimentalfindings by a quantum diffusion model with high accuracy in agreement withtheoretical predications based on the quantum Smoluchowski equation. In thisway we experimentally demonstrate that quantum systems subjected to strongdissipation follow quasi-classical dynamics with significant quantum effects asthe leading corrections.
Oxygen reduction mechanisms in nanostructured La0.8Sr0.2MnO3 cathodes  for Solid Oxide Fuel Cells	2017	In this work we outline the mechanisms contributing to the oxygen reductionreaction in nanostructured cathodes of La0.8Sr0.2MnO3 (LSM) for Solid OxideFuel Cells (SOFC). These cathodes, developed from LSM nanostructured tubes, canbe used at lower temperatures compared to microstructured ones, and this is acrucial fact to avoid the degradation of the fuel cell components. Thisreduction of the operating temperatures stems mainly from two factors: i) theappearance of significant oxide ion diffusion through the cathode material inwhich the nanostructure plays a key role and ii) an optimized gas phasediffusion of oxygen through the porous structure of the cathode, which becomesnegligible. A detailed analysis of our Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopysupported by first principles calculations point towards an improved overallcathodic performance driven by a fast transport of oxide ions through thecathode surface.
Electronic Properties, Screening and Efficient Carrier Transport in  NaSbS2	2017	NaSbS2 is a semiconductor that was recently shown to have remarkable efficacyas a solar absorber indicating efficient charge collection even in defectedmaterial. We report first principles calculations of properties that show (1)an indirect gap only slightly smaller than the direct gap, which may impederecombination of photoexcited carriers, (2) highly anisotropic electronic andoptical properties reflecting a layered crystal structure, (3) a pushed upvalence band maximum due to repulsion from the Sb 5s states and (4) cross-gaphybridization between the S p derived valence bands and the Sb 5p states. Thislatter feature leads to enhanced Born effective charges that can provide localscreening and therefore defect tolerance. These features are discussed inrelation to the performance of the compound as a semiconductor with efficientcharge collection.
Experimental demonstration of an atomtronic battery	2017	Operation of an atomtronic battery is demonstrated where a finite-temperatureBose-Einstein condensate stored in one half of a double-well potential iscoupled to an initially empty load well that is impedance matched by a resonantterminator beam. The atom number and temperature of the condensate aremonitored during the discharge cycle, and are used to calculate fundamentalproperties of the battery. The discharge behavior is analyzed according to aTh\'{e}venin equivalent circuit that contains a finite internal resistance toaccount for dissipation in the battery. Battery performance at multipledischarge rates is characterized by the peak power output, and the current andenergy capacities of the system.
Chimeras and clusters in networks of hyperbolic chaotic oscillators	2017	We show that chimera states, where differentiated subsets of synchronized anddesynchronized dynamical elements coexist, can emerge in networks of hyperbolicchaotic oscillators subject to global interactions. As local dynamics we employLozi maps which possess hyperbolic chaotic attractors. We consider a globallycoupled system of these maps and use two statistical quantities to describe itscollective behavior: the average fraction of elements belonging to clusters andthe average standard deviation of state variables. Chimera states, clusters,complete synchronization, and incoherence are thus characterized on the spaceof parameters of the system. We find that chimera states are related to theformation of clusters in the system. In addition, we show that chimera statesarise for a sufficiently long range of interactions in nonlocally couplednetworks of these maps. Our results reveal that, under some circumstances,hyperbolicity does not impede the formation of chimera states in networks ofcoupled chaotic systems, as it had been previously hypothesized.
A New Continuum Formulation for Materials--Part II. Some Applications in  Fluid Mechanics	2017	In part I of this paper, I proposed a new set of equations, which I refer toas the M(D,{\eta})-formulation and which differs from the Navier-Stokes-Fourierdescription of fluid motion. Here, I use these equations to model severalclassic examples in fluid mechanics, with the intention of providing a generalsense of comparison between the two approaches. A few broad facts emerge: (1)it is as simple--or in most cases, much simpler--to find solutions with theM(D,{\eta})-formulation, (2) for some examples, there is not much of adifference in predictions--in fact, for sound propagation and for examples inwhich there is only a rotational part of the velocity, my transportcoefficients D and {\eta} are chosen to match Navier-Stokes-Fourier solutionsin the appropriate regimes, (3) there are, however, examples in whichpronounced differences in predictions appear, such as light scattering, and (4)there arise, moreover, important conceptual differences, as seen in exampleslike sound at a non-infinite impedance boundary, thermophoresis, and gravity'seffect on the atmosphere.
Radio occultations of the Io plasma torus by Juno are feasible	2017	The flow of material from Io's volcanoes into the Io plasma torus, out intothe magnetosphere, and along field lines into Jupiter's upper atmosphere is notadequately understood. The lack of observations of spatial and temporalvariations in the Io plasma torus impedes attempts to understand the system asa whole. Here we propose that radio occultations of the Io plasma torus by theJuno spacecraft can measure plasma densities in the Io plasma torus. We findthat the line-of-sight column density of plasma in each of the three regions ofthe Io plasma torus (cold torus, ribbon, and warm torus) can be measured withuncertainties of 10%. We also find that scale heights describing the spatialvariation in plasma density in each of these three regions can be measured withsimilar uncertainties. Such observations will be sufficiently accurate tosupport system-scale studies of the flow of plasma through the magnetosphere ofJupiter.
Stability Analysis of DC Microgrids with Constant Power Load under  Distributed Control Method	2017	DC microgrids are becoming popular as effective means to integrate variousrenewable energy resources. Constant power loads (CPLs) may yield instabilitydue to the negative impedance characteristic. This paper analyzes the stabilityof the DC microgrid in presence of CPL. Distributed generations (DGs) arecontrolled by using a distributed controller which aims at current sharing andvoltage recovery. For simplicity, a reduced order model is derived on thefundamental of neglecting the transient state of the DC/DC converter. Thepurpose of this paper is to analyze stability conditions and give thesuggestions to design control parameters. The stability conditions are obtainedby using inertia theorem. Moreover, this paper makes a further detailedresearch based on the existed theorems. Simulation results are provided toverify the effectiveness and validity of the proposed theorem.
Ultra-thin Acoustic Metasurface-Based Schroeder Diffuser	2017	Schroeder diffuser is a classical design, proposed over 40 years ago, forartificially creating optimal and predictable sound diffuse reflection. It hasbeen widely adopted in architectural acoustics and it has also shownsubstantial potential in noise control, ultrasound imaging, microparticlemanipulation, among others. The conventional Schroeder diffuser, however, has aconsiderable thickness on the order of one wavelength, severely impeding itsapplications for low frequency sound. In this paper, a new class of ultra-thinand planar Schroeder diffusers are proposed based on the concept of acousticmetasurface. Both numerical and experimental results demonstrate satisfactorysound diffuse reflection produced from the metasurface-based Schroeder diffuserdespite it being one order of magnitude thinner than the conventional one. Theproposed design not only offer promising building blocks with great potentialto profoundly impact architectural acoustics and related fields, but alsoconstitutes a major step towards real-world applications of acousticmetasurfaces.
Surface Plasmon Excitation of Second Harmonic light: Emission and  Absorption	2017	We aim to clarify the role that absorption plays in nonlinear opticalprocesses in a variety of metallic nanostructures and show how it relates toemission and conversion efficiency. We define a figure of merit thatestablishes the structure's ability to either favor or impede second harmonicgeneration. Our findings suggest that, despite the best efforts embarked uponto enhance local fields and light coupling via plasmon excitation, nearlyalways the absorbed harmonic energy far surpasses the harmonic energy emittedin the far field. Qualitative and quantitative understanding of absorptionprocesses is crucial in the evaluation of practical designs of plasmonicnanostructures for the purpose of frequency mixing.
Some studies using capillary for flow control in a closed loop gas  recirculation system	2017	A Pilot unit of a closed loop gas (CLS) mixing and distribution system forthe INO project was designed and is being operated with (1.8 x 1.9) m^2 glassRPCs (Resistive Plate Chamber). The performance of an RPC depends on thequality and quantity of gas mixture being used, a number of studies oncontrolling the flow and optimization of the gas mixture is being carried out.In this paper the effect of capillary as a dynamic impedance element on thedifferential pressure across RPC detector in a closed loop gas system is beinghighlighted. The flow versus the pressure variation with different types ofcapillaries and also with different types of gasses that are being used in anRPC is presented. An attempt is also made to measure the transient time of thegas flow through the capillary.
Josephson radiation and shot noise of a semiconductor nanowire junction	2017	We measured the Josephson radiation emitted by an InSb semiconductor nanowirejunction utilizing photon assisted quasiparticle tunneling in an AC-coupledsuperconducting tunnel junction. We quantify the action of the local microwaveenvironment by evaluating the frequency dependence of the inelastic Cooper-pairtunneling of the nanowire junction and find the zero frequency impedance$Z(0)=492\,\Omega$ with a cutoff frequency of $f_0=33.1\,$GHz. We extract acircuit coupling efficiency of $\eta\approx 0.1$ and a detector quantumefficiency approaching unity in the high frequency limit. In addition to theJosephson radiation, we identify a shot-noise contribution with a Fano factor$F\approx1$, consistently with the presence of single electron states in thenanowire channel.
Group Scissor: Scaling Neuromorphic Computing Design to Large Neural  Networks	2017	Synapse crossbar is an elementary structure in Neuromorphic Computing Systems(NCS). However, the limited size of crossbars and heavy routing congestionimpedes the NCS implementations of big neural networks. In this paper, wepropose a two-step framework (namely, group scissor) to scale NCS designs tobig neural networks. The first step is rank clipping, which integrates low-rankapproximation into the training to reduce total crossbar area. The second stepis group connection deletion, which structurally prunes connections to reducerouting congestion between crossbars. Tested on convolutional neural networksof LeNet on MNIST database and ConvNet on CIFAR-10 database, our experimentsshow significant reduction of crossbar area and routing area in NCS designs.Without accuracy loss, rank clipping reduces total crossbar area to 13.62\% and51.81\% in the NCS designs of LeNet and ConvNet, respectively. Following rankclipping, group connection deletion further reduces the routing area of LeNetand ConvNet to 8.1\% and 52.06\%, respectively.
Magnified imaging based on non-Hermitian nonlocal cylindrical  metasurfaces	2017	"We show that a cylindrical lensing system composed of two metasurfaces withsuitably tailored non-Hermitian (i.e., with distributed gain and loss) andnonlocal (i.e., spatially dispersive) properties can perform magnified imagingwith reduced aberrations. More specifically, we analytically derive theidealized surface-impedance values that are required for ""perfect""magnification and imaging, and elucidate the role and implications ofnon-Hermiticity and nonlocality in terms of spatial resolution and practicalimplementation. For a basic demonstration, we explore some proof-of-principlequasi-local and multilayered implementations, and independently validate theoutcomes via full-wave numerical simulations. We also show that the metasurfacefrequency-dispersion laws can be chosen so as to ensure unconditional stabilitywith respect to arbitrary temporal excitations. These results, which extendprevious studies on planar configurations, may open intriguing venues in thedesign of metastructures for field imaging and processing."
Casimir forces in transmission-line circuits: QED and  fluctuation-dissipation formalisms	2017	Transmission-line waveguides can mediate long-range fluctuation-inducedforces between neutral objects. We present two approaches for the descriptionof these forces between electric components embedded in transmission-linecircuits. The first, following ordinary quantum electrodynamics (QED), consistsof the quantization and scattering theory of voltage and current waves insidetransmission lines. The second approach relies on a simple circuit analysiswith additional noisy current sources due to resistors in the circuit, as perthe fluctuation-dissipation theorem (FDT). We apply the latter approach toderive a general formula for the Casimir force induced by circuit fluctuationsbetween any two impedances. The application of this formula, considering thesign of the resulting force, is discussed. While both QED and FDT approachesare equivalent, we conclude that the latter is simpler to generalize and solve.
Globally smooth approximations for shock pressure decay in impacts	2017	New forms of empirical formulae that provide an approximate description ofthe decay of shock pressure with distance in hypervelocity impacts areproposed. These forms, which are intended for use in applications such aslarge-scale mantle convection models, are continuous and smooth from the pointof impact to arbitrarily large distances, thereby avoiding the need to dividethe domain into different decay regimes and yielding the maximum pressure in aself-consistent way without resorting to the impedance-match solution.Individual fits for different impact velocities as well as a tentative generalfitting formula are given, especially for the case of dunite-on-dunite impacts.The temperature effects resulting from the shock are estimated for differentdecay models, and the differences between them are found to be substantial insome cases, potentially leading to over- or underestimates of impact heatingand melt production in modeling contexts like mantle convection, where suchparameterizations are commonly used to represent giant impacts.
Spatially Resolved Sensing in Microfluidics with Multimode Microwave  Resonators	2017	The analogy between mechanical and electromagnetic resonators has been acelebrated paradigm of science and engineering. Exploration of this analogy inrecent years has resulted in several exciting research directions, includingcavity optomechanics[1], phononic bandgap materials[2] and phononicmetamaterials[3-5]. In these examples, progress in electromagnetic research hasusually led the way for their mechanical counterparts. Here, we contribute tothis analogy from a different perspective by adapting a sensing techniqueoriginally developed for mechanical devices to increase the capabilities ofsensors based on electromagnetic fields. More specifically, multimode resonancetechniques, which enable spatial resolution in inertial mass sensingexperiments with nanoelectromechanical systems (NEMS), are tailored for use inmicrowave resonant sensing, which is commonly employed in microfluidics. Weshow that the use of higher-order modes of such sensors can provide electricalvolume, position and geometric size data. The combination of such spatialfeatures implies the potential for image reconstruction when a large number ofmodes are used. With the analytical and experimental framework presented here,we can move beyond simple counting and achieve the sizing and imaging ofanalytes with impedance spectroscopy.
Robust stability analysis of DC microgrids with constant power loads	2017	This paper studies stability analysis of DC microgrids with uncertainconstant power loads (CPLs). It is well known that CPLs have negative impedanceeffects, which may cause instability in a DC microgrid. Existing works oftenstudy the stability around a given equilibrium based on some nominal values ofCPLs. However, in real applications, the equilibrium of a DC microgrid dependson the loading condition that often changes over time. Different from manyprevious results, this paper develops a framework that can analyze the DCmicrogrid stability for a given range of CPLs. The problem is formulated as arobust stability problem of a polytopic uncertain linear system. By exploitingthe structure of the problem, we derive a set of sufficient conditions that canguarantee robust stability. The conditions can be efficiently checked bysolving a convex optimization problem whose complexity does not grow with thenumber of buses in the microgrid. The effectiveness and non-conservativeness ofthe proposed framework are demonstrated using simulation examples.
MRI turbulence and thermal instability in accretion disks	2017	A long-standing puzzle in the study of black-hole accretion concerns thepresence or not of thermal instability. Classical theory predicts theencircling accretion disk is unstable, as do some self-consistent MHDsimulations of the flow. Yet observations of strongly accreting sourcesgenerally fail to exhibit cyclic or unstable dynamics on the expectedtimescales. This paper checks whether turbulent fluctuations impede thermalinstability. It also asks if it makes sense to conduct linear stabilityanalyses on a turbulent background. These issues are explored with a set of MRIsimulations in thermally unstable local boxes in combination with stochasticequations that approximate the disk energetics. These models show that thedisk's thermal behaviour deviates significantly from laminar theory, thoughultimately a thermal runaway does occur. We find that the disk temperatureevolves as a biased random walk, rather than increasing exponentially, and thusgenerates a broad spread of outcomes, with instability often delayed forseveral thermal times. We construct a statistical theory that describes some ofthis behaviour, emphasising the importance of the `escape time' and itsassociated probability distribution. In conclusion, turbulent fluctuations onthere own cannot stabilise a disk, but they can weaken and delay thermalinstability.
Topological phase transition and interface states in hybrid  plasmonic-photonic systems	2017	The geometric phase and topological property for one-dimensional hybridplasmonic-photonic crystals consisting of a simple lattice of graphene sheetsare investigated systematically. For transverse magnetic waves, both plasmonicand photonic modes exist in the momentum space. The accidental degeneracy pointof these two kinds of modes is identified to be a diabolic point accompaniedwith a topological phase transition. For a closed loop around this degeneracypoint, the Berry phase is Pi as a consequence of the discontinuous jump of thegeometric Zak phase. The wave impedance is calculated analytically for thesemi-infinite system, and the corresponding topological interface states eitherstart from or terminate at the degeneracy point. This type of localizedinterface states may find potential applications in photonics and plasmonics.
The impact of three dimensional MHD instabilities on the generation of  warm dense matter using a MA-class linear transformer driver	2017	Warm dense matter is difficult to generate since it corresponds to a state ofmatter which pressure is order of magnitude larger than can be handled bynatural materials. A diamond anvil can be used to pressurize matter up to oneGbar, this matter is at high density but at room temperature. High power lasersand heavy ion beams can generate warm dense matter but they cannot confine itlong enough to allow measurements of quasi-static transport coefficients suchas viscosity or heat conduction. We present here a third method to generatewarm dense matter. It uses a pulsed-power driver which current rise time issubstantially shortened by using a plasma opening switch, limiting thedevelopment of electrothermal instabilities. The switch relies on the implosionof a gas puff Z-pinch which carries most of the discharge current until thepinch reaches the sample. After that, the sample is compressed until it reachesthe warm dense matter regime. Three-dimensional magnetohydrodynamicscomputations show that if the density of the gas is low enough no detectableinstabilities (e.g. kinks and sausages modes) impede the remainder of theimplosion.
Unipolar resistive switching in cobalt titanate thin films	2017	We report giant resistive switching of an order of 104, long-time chargeretention characteristics up to 104 s, non-overlapping SET and RESET voltages,ohmic in low resistance state (LRS) and space charge limited current (SCLC)mechanism in high resistance state (HRS) properties in polycrystallineperovskite Cobalt Titanate (CoTiO3 ~ CTO) thin films. Impedance spectroscopystudy was carried out for both LRS and HRS states which illustrates that onlybulk resistance changes after resistance switching, however, there is a smallchange (<10% which is in pF range) in the bulk capacitance value in bothstates. These results suggest that in LRS state current filaments break thecapacitor in many small capacitors in a parallel configuration which in turnprovides the same capacitance in both states even there was 90 degree changesin phase-angle and an order of change in the tangent loss.
Numerical prediction of the piezoelectric transducer response in the  acoustic nearfield using a one-dimensional electromechanical finite  difference approach	2017	We present a simple electromechanical finite difference model to study theresponse of a piezoelectric polyvinylidenflourid (PVDF) transducer tooptoacoustic (OA) pressure waves in the acoustic nearfield prior to thermalrelaxation of the OA source volume. The assumption of nearfield conditions,i.e. the absence of acoustic diffraction, allows to treat the problem using aone-dimensional numerical approach. Therein, the computational domain ismodeled as an inhomogeneous elastic medium, characterized by its local wavevelocities and densities, allowing to explore the effect of stepwise impedancechanges on the stress wave propagation. The transducer is modeled as a thinpiezoelectric sensing layer and the electromechanical coupling is accomplishedby means of the respective linear constituting equations. Considering alow-pass characteristic of the full experimental setup, we obtain the resultingtransducer signal. Complementing transducer signals measured in a controlledlaboratory experiment with numerical simulations that result from a model ofthe experimental setup, we find that, bearing in mind the apparent limitationsof the one-dimensional approach, the simulated transducer signals can be usedvery well to predict and interpret the experimental findings.
Approximation of full-boundary data from partial-boundary electrode  measurements	2017	Measurements on a subset of the boundary are common in electrical impedancetomography, especially any electrode model can be interpreted as a partialboundary problem. The information obtained is different to full-boundarymeasurements as modeled by the ideal continuum model. In this study we discussan approach to approximate full-boundary data from partial-boundarymeasurements that is based on the knowledge of the involved projections. Theapproximate full-boundary data can then be obtained as the solution of asuitable optimization problem on the coefficients of the Neumann-to-Dirichletmap. By this procedure we are able to improve the reconstruction quality ofcontinuum model based algorithms, in particular we present the effectivenesswith a D-bar method. Reconstructions are presented for noisy simulated and realmeasurement data.
Experimental Verification of Reflectionless Wide-Angle Refraction via a  Bianisotropic Huygens' Metasurface	2017	We report the design, fabrication, and characterization of bianisotropicHuygens' metasurfaces (BHMSs) for refraction of normally incident beams towards71.8 degrees. As previously shown, all three BHMS degrees of freedom, namely,electric polarizability, magnetic polarizability and omega-type magnetoelectriccoupling, are required to ensure no reflections occur for such wide-angleimpedance mismatch. The unit cells are composed of three metallic layers,yielding a printed-circuit-board (PCB) structure. The fabricated BHMS ischaracterized in a quasi-optical setup, used to accurately assess specularreflections. Subsequently, the horn-illuminated BHMS' radiation pattern ismeasured in a far-field chamber, to evaluate the device's refractioncharacteristics. The measured results verify that the BHMS has negligiblereflections, and the majority of the scattered power is coupled to thedesirable Floquet-Bloch mode. To the best of our knowledge, this is the firstexperimental demonstration of such a reflectionless wide-angle refractingmetasurface.
Smoothened complete electrode model	2017	This work reformulates the complete electrode model of electrical impedancetomography in order to enable more efficient numerical solution. The modeltraditionally assumes constant contact conductances on all electrodes, whichleads to a discontinuous Robin boundary condition since the gaps between theelectrodes can be described by vanishing conductance. As a consequence, theregularity of the electromagnetic potential is limited to less than twosquare-integrable weak derivatives, which negatively affects the convergenceof, e.g., the finite element method. In this paper, a smoothened model for theboundary conductance is proposed, and the unique solvability and improvedregularity of the ensuing boundary value problem are proven. Numericalexperiments demonstrate that the proposed model is both computationallyfeasible and also compatible with real-world measurements. In particular, thenew model allows faster convergence of the finite element method.
Security Constrained Multi-Stage Transmission Expansion Planning  Considering a Continuously Variable Series Reactor	2017	This paper introduces a Continuously Variable Series Reactor (CVSR) to thetransmission expansion planning (TEP) problem. The CVSR is a FACTS-like devicewhich has the capability of controlling the overall impedance of thetransmission line. However, the cost of the CVSR is about one tenth of asimilar rated FACTS device which potentially allows large numbers of devices tobe installed. The multi-stage TEP with the CVSR considering the $N-1$ securityconstraints is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. Thenonlinear part of the power flow introduced by the variable reactance islinearized by a reformulation technique. To reduce the computational burden fora practical large scale system, a decomposition approach is proposed. Thedetailed simulation results on the IEEE 24-bus and a more practical Polish2383-bus system demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach. Moreover, theappropriately allocated CVSRs add flexibility to the TEP problem and allowreduced planning costs. Although the proposed decomposition approach cannotguarantee global optimality, a high level picture of how the network can beplanned reliably and economically considering CVSR is achieved.
AutoLock: Why Cache Attacks on ARM Are Harder Than You Think	2017	Attacks on the microarchitecture of modern processors have become a practicalthreat to security and privacy in desktop and cloud computing. Recently, cacheattacks have successfully been demonstrated on ARM based mobile devices,suggesting they are as vulnerable as their desktop or server counterparts. Inthis work, we show that previous literature might have left an overlypessimistic conclusion of ARM's security as we unveil AutoLock: an internalperformance enhancement found in inclusive cache levels of ARM processors thatadversely affects Evict+Time, Prime+Probe, and Evict+Reload attacks. AutoLock'spresence on system-on-chips (SoCs) is not publicly documented, yet knowing thatit is implemented is vital to correctly assess the risk of cache attacks. Wetherefore provide a detailed description of the feature and propose three waysto detect its presence on actual SoCs. We illustrate how AutoLock impedescross-core cache evictions, but show that its effect can also be compensated ina practical attack. Our findings highlight the intricacies of cache attacks onARM and suggest that a fair and comprehensive vulnerability assessment requiresan in-depth understanding of ARM's cache architectures and rigorous testingacross a broad range of ARM based devices.
Translating XPS Measurement Procedure for Band Alignment into Reliable  Ab-initio Calculation Method	2017	Band alignment between solids is a crucial issue in condensed matter physicsand electronic devices. Although the XPS method has been used as a routinemethod for determination of the band alignment, the theoretical calculations bycopying the XPS band alignment procedure usually fail to match the measuredresults. In this work, a reliable ab-initio calculation method for bandalignment is proposed on the basis of the XPS procedure and in consideration ofsurface polarity and lattice deformation. Application of our method to anataseand rutile TiO2 shows well agreement between calculation and experiment.Furthermore, our method can produce two types of band alignment: the coupledand the intrinsic, depending on whether the solid/solid interface effect isinvolved or not. The coupled and intrinsic band alignments correspond toalignments measured by XPS and electrochemical impedance analysis,respectively, explaining why band alignments reported by these two experimentsare rather inconsistent.
A Module-System Discipline for Model-Driven Software Development	2017	Model-driven development is a pragmatic approach to software development thatembraces domain-specific languages (DSLs), where models correspond to DSLprograms. A distinguishing feature of model-driven development is that clientsof a model can select from an open set of alternative semantics of the model byapplying different model transformation. However, in existing model-drivenframeworks, dependencies between models, model transformations, and generatedcode artifacts are either implicit or globally declared in build scripts, whichimpedes modular reasoning, separate compilation, and programmability ingeneral. We propose the design of a new module system that incorporates modelsand model transformations as modules. A programmer can apply transformations inimport statements, thus declaring a dependency on generated code artifacts. Ourdesign enables modular reasoning and separate compilation by preventing hiddendependencies, and it supports mixing modeling artifacts with conventional codeartifacts as well as higher-order transformations. We have formalized ourdesign and the aforementioned properties and have validated it by animplementation and case studies that show that our module system successfullyintegrates model-driven development into conventional programming languages.
Broadband perfect absorption of ultrathin conductive films with coherent  illumination:Superabsorption of microwave radiation	2014	Absorption of microwave by metallic conductors is exclusively inefficient,though being natively broadband, due to the huge impedance mismatch betweenmetal and free space. Reducing the thickness to ultrathin conductive film mayimprove the absorbing efficiency, but is still bounded by a maximal 50% limitinduced by the field continuity. Here, we show that broadband perfect (100%)absorption of microwave can be realized on a single layer of ultrathinconductive film when it is illuminated coherently by two oppositely incidentbeams. Such an effect of breaking the 50% limit maintains the intrinsicbroadband feature from the free carrier dissipation, and isfrequency-independent in an ultrawide spectrum, ranging typically fromkilohertz to gigahertz and exhibiting an unprecedented bandwidth close to 200%.In particular, it occurs on extremely subwavelength scales, ~{\lambda}/10000 oreven thinner, which is the film thickness. Our work proposes a way to achievetotal electromagnetic wave absorption in a broadband spectrum of radio wavesand microwaves with a simple conductive film.
The study of beam loading effect in the CSNS/RCS	2014	CSNS/RCS accelerates a high-intensity proton beam from 80 MeV to 1.6 GeV.Since the beam current and beam power is high, the beam loading is a severeproblem for the stability of the circulating beam in the RCS. To study the beamloading effect in the CSNS/RCS theoretically, the RLC circuit model of the rfcavity, the method of the Fast Fourier Transform and the method of Laplacetransform have been employed to obtain the impedance of the rf system, the beamspectrum and the beam-induced voltage, respectively. Based on these physicalmodels, the beam dynamics equations have been revised and a beam loading modelhas been constructed in the simulation code ORIENT. By using the code, the beamloading effect on the rf system of the CSNS/RCS has been investigated. Somesimulation results have been obtained and conclusions have been drawn.
Exceptional Suppression of Flux-Flow Resistivity in  FeSe$_{0.4}$Te$_{0.6}$ by Back-Flow from Excess Fe Atoms and Se/Te  Substitutions	2014	We measured the microwave surface impedance of FeSe$_{0.4}$Te$_{0.6}$ singlecrystals with- and without external magnetic fields. The superfluid densityexhibited a quadratic temperature dependence, indicating a strong pair-breakingeffect. The flux-flow resistivity behaved as $\rho_f(B\ll B_{\rmc2})/\rho_n=\alpha B/B_{\rm c2}$. The observed $\alpha$ value of $\approx0.66$was considerably smaller than that of other Fe-based materials ($\alpha\geq1$)and was attributed to a back-flow of superfluids remarkable in disorderedsuperconductors. This is the first-time observation of the back-flow phenomenoncaused by an origin other than the vortex pinning in multiple-band systems.
Electromagnetic Scattering by Spheres of Topological Insulators	2015	The electromagnetic scattering properties of topological insulator (TI)spheres are systematically studied in this paper. Unconventional backwardscattering caused by the topological magneto-electric (TME) effect of TIs arefound in both Rayleigh and Mie scattering regimes. This enhanced backwardscattering can be achieved by introducing an impedance-matched background whichcan suppress the bulk scattering. For the cross-polarized scatteringcoefficients, interesting antiresonances are found in the Mie scatteringregime, wherein the cross-polarized electromagnetic fields induced by the TMEeffect are trapped inside TI spheres. In the Rayleigh limit, the quantized TMEeffect of TIs can be determined by measuring the electric-field components ofscattered waves in the far field.
Tracking hidden objects with a single-photon camera	2015	The ability to know what is hidden around a corner or behind a wall providesa crucial advantage when physically going around the obstacle is impossible ordangerous. Previous solutions to this challenge were constrained e.g. by theirphysical size, the requirement of reflective surfaces or long data acquisitiontimes. These impede both the deployment of the technology outside thelaboratory and the development of significant advances, such as tracking themovement of large-scale hidden objects. We demonstrate a non-line-of-sightlaser ranging technology that relies upon the ability, using only a floorsurface, to send and detect light that is scattered around an obstacle. Asingle-photon avalanche diode (SPAD) camera detects light back-scattered from ahidden object that can then be located with centimetre precision,simultaneously tracking its movement. This non-line-of-sight laser rangingsystem is also shown to work at human length scales, paving the way for avariety of real-life situations.
Vulnerability Analysis of Power Systems	2015	Potential vulnerabilities in a power grid can be exposed by identifying thosetransmission lines on which attacks (in the form of interference with theirtransmission capabilities) causes maximum disruption to the grid. In thisstudy, we model the grid by (nonlinear) AC power flow equations, and assumethat attacks take the form of increased impedance along transmission lines. Wequantify disruption in several different ways, including (a) overall deviationof the voltages at the buses from 1.0 per unit (p.u.), and (b) the minimalamount of load that must be shed in order to restore the grid to stableoperation. We describe optimization formulations of the problem of finding themost disruptive attack, which are either nonlinear programing problems ornonlinear bilevel optimization problems, and describe customized algorithms forsolving these problems. Experimental results on the IEEE 118-Bus system and aPolish 2383-Bus system are presented.
L_1-regularized Boltzmann machine learning using majorizer minimization	2015	We propose an inference method to estimate sparse interactions and biasesaccording to Boltzmann machine learning. The basis of this method is $L_1$regularization, which is often used in compressed sensing, a technique forreconstructing sparse input signals from undersampled outputs. $L_1$regularization impedes the simple application of the gradient method, whichoptimizes the cost function that leads to accurate estimations, owing to thecost function's lack of smoothness. In this study, we utilize the majorizerminimization method, which is a well-known technique implemented inoptimization problems, to avoid the non-smoothness of the cost function. Byusing the majorizer minimization method, we elucidate essentially relevantbiases and interactions from given data with seemingly strongly-correlatedcomponents.
Tailoring superradiance to design artificial quantum systems	2015	"Cooperative phenomena arising due to the coupling of individual atoms via theradiation field are a cornerstone of modern quantum and optical physics. Recentexperiments on x-ray quantum optics added a new twist to this line of researchby exploiting superradiance in order to construct artificial quantum systems.However, so far, systematic approaches to deliberately design superradianceproperties are lacking, impeding the desired implementation of more advancedquantum optical schemes. Here, we develop an analytical framework for theengineering of single-photon superradiance in extended media applicable acrossthe entire electromagnetic spectrum, and show how it can be used to tailor theproperties of an artificial quantum system. This ""reverse engineering"" ofsuperradiance not only provides an avenue towards non-linear and quantummechanical phenomena at x-ray energies, but also leads to a unified view on anda better understanding of superradiance across different physical systems."
Utilizing Symmetry of Planar Ultra-Wideband Antennas for Size Reduction  and Enhanced Performance	2015	With the increasingly new ultra wide-band applications, antenna researchersface huge challenges in designing novel operational geometries. Mono-pole andquasi-mono-pole antennas are seen to be the most compact and easily incorporateable solution for portable devices taking the advantages of printed circuitboard (PCB) techniques. Most antennas of such type have symmetrical structures.It is possible to attain wider operating bandwidths by meeting symmetryconditions while chopping the antenna into halves for a compact structure.However, there is no generalized way of applying such a technique. Thepresented paper addresses this issue by proposing a common feeding techniquethat can be applied to any antenna which is miniaturized using its symmetricalstructure. The proposed technique enables feeding the halved structure toachieve wider and better impedance matching than the reported full-sizeantennas. The theory of characteristic modes is applied to quasi-mono-polestructures to get an insight of the antennas mechanism. The radiation patternsare also correlated with modal current distributions to understand theradiation characteristics of the modified structure. Lastly, the method isimplemented on some example antennas to illustrate its potential.
Generalized Interference Alignment --- Part II: Application to Wireless  Secrecy	2015	In contrast to its wired counterpart, wireless communication is highlysusceptible to eavesdropping due to the broadcast nature of the wirelesspropagation medium. Recent works have proposed the use of interference toreduce eavesdropping capabilities in wireless wiretap networks. However, theconcurrent effect of interference on both eavesdropping receivers (ERs) andlegitimate receivers (LRs) has not been thoroughly investigated, and carefullyengineering the network interference is required to harness the full potentialof interference for wireless secrecy. This two part paper addresses this issueby proposing a generalized interference alignment (GIA) technique, whichjointly designs the transceivers at the legitimate partners to impede the ERswithout interfering with LRs. In Part I, we have established a theoreticalframework for the GIA technique. In Part II, we will first propose an efficientGIA algorithm that is applicable to large-scale networks and then evaluate theperformance of this algorithm in stochastic wireless wiretap network via bothanalysis and simulation. These results reveal insights into when and how GIAcontributes to wireless secrecy.
Nano-optomechanical resonators in microfluidics	2015	Operation of nanomechanical devices in water environment has been challengingdue to the strong viscous damping that greatly impedes the mechanical motion.Here we demonstrate an optomechanical micro-wheel resonator integrated inmicrofluidic system that supports low-loss optical resonances at near-visiblewavelength with quality factor up to 1.5 million. The device can be operated inself-oscillation mode in air with low threshold power of 45 uW. The very highoptical Q allows the observation of the thermal Brownian motion of themechanical mode in both air and water environment with highsignal-to-background ratio. A numerical model is developed to calculate thehydrodynamic effect on the device due to the surrounding water, which agreeswell with the experimental results. With its very high resonance frequency (170MHz) and small loaded mass (75 pg), the present device is estimated to havemass sensitivity of attogram level in liquid environment with bandwidth of 1Hz.
Localization length calculations in alternating  metamaterial-birefringent disordered layered stacks	2015	"A detailed theoretical and numerical analysis of the localization length inalternating metamaterial-birefringent random layered stacks, under uncorrelatedthickness-disorder, has been performed. Similar structures have recently beenreported to suppress the Brewster delocalization for $\it{p}$-polarized light,when ""standard"" isotropic layers (with positive index of refraction) areconsidered instead of metamaterial layers, providing a generic means to producepolarization-insensitive, broadband reflections. However, this enhancement oflocalization is valid for short wavelengths $\lambda$ compared to the meanlayer thickness $a_0$. At higher wavelengths, we recover the Brewster anomaliesfor $\it{p}$-polarized states impeding a remarkable localization of light. Toachieve a better localization for a wider range of wavelengths, we replaced theconventional isotropic layers by negative-index metamaterials presenting lowlosses and constant index of refraction over the near-infrared range. As aresult, our numerical calculations exhibit a linear dependence of thelocalization length with $\lambda$ (in the region $5 <\lambda/a_0 < 60$)reducing the Brewster anomalies in more than two orders of magnitude withrespect to the standard isotropic scheme at oblique incidence. This enhancementof localization is practically independent of the thickness disorder kind andis also held under weak refractive-index disorder."
General Geometric Fluctuation Modeling for Device Variability Analysis	2015	The authors propose a new modeling approach based on the impedance fieldmethod (IFM) to analyze the general geometric variations in device simulations.Compared with the direct modeling of multiple variational devices, the proposedgeometric variation (GV) model shows a better efficiency thanks to its IFMbased nature. Compared with the existing random geometric fluctuation (RGF)model where the noise sources are limited to the interfaces, the present GVmodel provides better accuracy and wider application areas as it transforms thegeometric variation into global mesh deformation and computes the noise sourcesinduced by the geometric variation in the whole simulation domain. GV modelalso provides great insights into the device by providing the effective noisesources, equation-wise contributions, and sensitivity maps that are useful fordevice characterization and optimization.
Graphene-hexagonal boron nitride resonant tunneling diodes as  high-frequency oscillators	2015	We assess the potential of two-terminal graphene-hBN-graphene resonanttunneling diodes as high-frequency oscillators, using self-consistent quantumtransport and electrostatic simulations to determine the time-dependentresponse of the diodes in a resonant circuit. We quantify how the frequency andpower of the current oscillations depend on the diode and circuit parametersincluding the doping of the graphene electrodes, device geometry, alignment ofthe graphene lattices, and the circuit impedances. Our results indicate thatcurrent oscillations with frequencies of up to several hundred GHz should beachievable.
Thermoelectric performance of strongly-correlated quantum impurity  models	2015	We derive asymptotically exact expressions for the thermopower and figure ofmerit of a quantum impurity connecting two noninteracting leads in the linearresponse regime where the chemical potential and temperature differencesbetween the leads are small. Based on sum rules for the single-particleimpurity spectral function, these expressions become exact at high temperaturesas well as in the very strongly correlated regime, where the impurity Coulombrepulsion is much larger than the temperature. Although modest interactionsimpede thermoelectric performance, a very large Coulomb scale restores theoptimal transport properties of noninteracting electrons, albeit renormalizedto account for the absence of double occupancy in the impurity. As withnoninteracting electrons, the electronic contribution to the figure of merit islimited only by the spectral broadening that arises from the coupling betweenthe impurity and the leads.
TRAP: using TaRgeted Ads to unveil Google personal Profiles	2015	In the last decade, the advertisement market spread significantly in the weband mobile app system. Its effectiveness is also due thanks to the possibilityto target the advertisement on the specific interests of the actual user, otherthan on the content of the website hosting the advertisement. In this scenario,became of great value services that collect and hence can provide informationabout the browsing user, like Facebook and Google. In this paper, we show howto maliciously exploit the Google Targeted Advertising system to infer personalinformation in Google user profiles. In particular, the attack we consider isexternal from Google and relies on combining data from Google AdWords withother data collected from a website of the Google Display Network. We validatethe effectiveness of our proposed attack, also discussing possible applicationscenarios. The result of our research shows a significant practical privacyissue behind such type of targeted advertising service, and call for furtherinvestigation and the design of more privacy-aware solutions, possibly withoutimpeding the current business model involved in online advertisement.
Effective action theory of Andreev level spectroscopy	2015	With the aid of the Keldysh effective action technique we develop amicroscopic theory describing Andreev level spectroscopy experiments innon-tunnel superconducting contacts. We derive an effective impedance of suchcontacts which accounts for the presence of Andreev levels in the system. Atsubgap bias voltages and low temperatures inelastic Cooper pair tunneling isaccompanied by transitions between these levels resulting in a set of sharpcurrent peaks. We evaluate the intensities of such peaks, establish theirdependence on the external magnetic flux piercing the structure and estimatethermal broadening of these peaks. We also specifically address the effect ofcapacitance renormalization in a non-tunnel superconducting contact and itsimpact on both the positions and heights of the current peaks. At overgap biasvoltages the $I-V$ curve is determined by quasiparticle tunneling and containscurrent steps related to the presence of discrete Andreev states in our system.
Generalized Transformation Design: metrics, speeds, and diffusion	2015	We show that a unified and maximally generalized approach to spatialtransformation design is possible, one that encompasses all second order waves,rays, and diffusion processes in anisotropic media. Until the final step, it isunnecessary to specify the physical process for which a specific transformationdesign is to be implemented. The principal approximation is the neglect of waveimpedance, an attribute that plays no role in ray propagation, and is thereforeirrelevant for pure ray devices; another constraint is that for waves thespatial variation in material parameters needs to be sufficiently smallcompared with the wavelength. The key link between our general formulation anda specific implementation is how the spatial metric relates to the speed ofdisturbance in a given medium, whether it is electromagnetic, acoustic, ordiffusive. Notably, we show that our generalised ray theory, in allowing foranisotropic indexes (speeds), generates the same predictions as does a wavetheory, and the results are closely related to those for diffusion processes.
Towards an efficient perovskite visible-light active photocatalyst	2015	The band gap of SrTiO$_{3}$ retards its photocatalytic application.Regardless narrowing the band gap of the anion doped SrTiO$_{3}$, the aniondoping structures have low photoconversion efficiency. The co-cation dopingsare used to modify the band gap and band edges positions of SrTiO$_{3}$ toenhance the photocatalyitic properties by extending the absorption to longervisible-light. Using density functional calculations with theHeyd-Scuseria-Ernzerhof (HSE06) hybrid functional for exchange-correlation, thecrystal and electronic structures as well as the optical properties of the monoand codped SrTiO$_{3}$ are investigated. The (Mo, Zn/Cd) and (Ta, Ga/In)codoped SrTiO$_{3}$ are explored in the way to retain the semiconductorcharacteristics of the latter. It is found that (Ta, Ga/In) codoping does notenhance the photocatalytic activity of SrTiO$_3$ due to its large band gap.Moreover, the position of the conduction band edge of the (Mo, Cd) monodopingimpedes the photocatalytic efficiency. The obtained results indicate that (Mo,Zn) codoped SrTiO$_3$ can potentially improve the photocatalyitic activity.
Mathematical framework for multi-frequency identification of thin  insulating and small conductive inhomogeneities	2015	We are aiming to identify the thin insulating inhomogeneities and smallconductive inhomogeneities inside an electrically conducting medium by usingmulti-frequency electrical impedance tomography (mfEIT). The thin insulatinginhomogeneities are considered in the form of tubular neighborhood of a curveand small conductive inhomogeneities are regarded as circular disks. Takingadvantage of the frequency dependent behavior of insulating objects, we give arigorous derivation of the potential along thin insulating objects at variousfrequencies. Asymptotic formula is given to analyze relationship betweeninhomogeneities and boundary potential at different frequencies. In numericalsimulations, spectroscopic images are provided to visualize the reconstructedadmittivity at various frequencies. For the view of both kinds ofinhomogeneities, an integrated reconstructed image based on principle componentanalysis (PCA) is provided. Phantom experiments are performed by using SwisstomEIT-Pioneer Set.
Auxetic-like metamaterials as novel earthquake protections	2015	We propose that wave propagation through a class of mechanical metamaterialsopens unprecedented avenues in seismic wave protection based on spectralproperties of auxetic-like metamaterials. The elastic parameters of thesemetamaterials like the bulk and shear moduli, the mass density, and even thePoisson ratio, can exhibit negative values in elastic stop bands. We show herethat the propagation of seismic waves with frequencies ranging from 1Hz to 40Hzcan be influenced by a decameter scale version of auxetic-like metamaterialsburied in the soil, with the combined effects of impedance mismatch, localresonances and Bragg stop bands. More precisely, we numerically examine andillustrate the markedly different behaviors between the propagation of seismicwaves through a homogeneous isotropic elastic medium (concrete) and anauxetic-like metamaterial plate consisting of 64 cells (40mx40mx40m), utilizedhere as a foundation of a building one would like to protect from seismic siteeffects. This novel class of seismic metamaterials opens band gaps atfrequencies compatible with seismic waves when they are designed appropriately,what makes them interesting candidates for seismic isolation structures.
High-Gradient, Millimeter Wave Accelerating Structure	2015	The millimeter wave all-metallic accelerating structure, aimed to providemore than 100 MeV/m gradient and fed by feeding RF pulses of 20-30 ns duration,is proposed. The structure is based on a waveguide with small helicalcorrugation. Each section of 10-20 wavelengths long has big circularcross-section aperture comparable with wavelength. Because short wavelengthstructures are expected to be critical to wakefields excitation and emittancegrowth, we suggest to combine in one structure properties of a linearaccelerator and a cooling damping ring simultaneously. It provides accelerationof straight on-axis beam as well as cooling of this beam due to the synchrotronradiation of particles in strong non-synchronous transverse fields. Theseproperties are provided by specific slow eigen mode which consists of twopartial waves, TM01 and TM11. Simulations show that shunt impedance can be ashigh as 100 MOhm/m. Results of the first low-power tests with 30 GHzaccelerating section are analyzed.
Condensates in Relativistic Scalar Theories	2015	Scalar field theory with large infrared initial occupancy develops very largedeep-infrared occupancy, which locally resembles a Bose-Einstein condensate. Westudy the structure and spatial coherence of this condensate. The O(N)symmetric theory with N>1 is qualitatively different than N=1. We explain thethermodynamical reason why, for N>1, the condensate locally carries nearlymaximal conserved charge density. We also show how this property impedes thecondensate's decay, and we show that it prevents the condensate from everbecoming fully spatially homogeneous. For N <= 4 the condensate can carrytopological defects, but these do not appear to control the large-k tail in itspower spectrum, which is the same for N=8 where there are no topologicaldefects.
Structural Identifiability Analysis of Fractional Order Models with  Applications in Battery Systems	2015	This paper presents a method for structural identifiability analysis offractional order systems by using the coefficient mapping concept to determinewhether the model parameters can uniquely be identified from input-output data.The proposed method is applicable to general non-commensurate fractional ordermodels. Examples are chosen from battery fractional order equivalent circuitmodels (FO-ECMs). The battery FO-ECM consists of a series of parallel resistorsand constant phase elements (CPEs) with fractional derivatives appearing in theCPEs. The FO-ECM is non-commensurate if more than one CPE is considered in themodel. Currently, estimation of battery FO-ECMs is performed mainly by fittingin the frequency domain, requiring costly electrochemical impedancespectroscopy equipment. This paper aims to analyse the structuralidentifiability of battery FO-ECMs directly in the time domain. It is shownthat FO-ECMs with finite numbers of CPEs are structurally identifiable. Inparticular, the FO-ECM with a single CPE is structurally globally identifiable.
Unconventional Correlation between Quantum Hall Transport Quantization  and Bulk State Filling in Gated Graphene Devices	2015	We report simultaneous transport and scanning microwave impedance microscopyto examine the correlation between transport quantization and filling of thebulk Landau levels in the quantum Hall regime in gated graphene devices.Surprisingly, a comparison of these measurements reveals that quantizedtransport typically occurs below the complete filling of bulk Landau levels,when the bulk is still conductive. This result points to a revisedunderstanding of transport quantization when carriers are accumulated bygating. We discuss the implications on transport study of the quantum Halleffect in graphene and related topological states in other two-dimensionalelectron systems.
High Kinetic Inductance Superconducting Nanowire Resonators for Circuit  QED in a Magnetic Field	2015	We present superconducting microwave-frequency resonators based on NbTiNnanowires. The small cross section of the nanowires minimizes vortexgeneration, making the resonators resilient to magnetic fields. Measuredintrinsic quality factors exceed $2\times 10^5$ in a $6$ T in-plane magneticfield, and $3\times 10^4$ in a $350$ mT perpendicular magnetic field. Due totheir high characteristic impedance, these resonators are expected to developzero-point voltage fluctuations one order of magnitude larger than in standardcoplanar waveguide resonators. These properties make the nanowire resonatorswell suited for circuit QED experiments needing strong coupling to quantumsystems with small electric dipole moments and requiring a magnetic field, suchas electrons in single and double quantum dots.
Investigating Differences between Graphical and Textual Declarative  Process Models	2015	Declarative approaches to business process modeling are regarded as wellsuited for highly volatile environments, as they enable a high degree offlexibility. However, problems in understanding declarative process modelsoften impede their adoption. Particularly, a study revealed that aspects thatare present in both imperative and declarative process modeling languages at agraphical level-while having different semantics-cause considerable troubles.In this work we investigate whether a notation that does not contain graphicallookalikes, i.e., a textual notation, can help to avoid this problem. Eventhough a textual representation does not suffer from lookalikes, in ourempirical study it performed worse in terms of error rate, duration and mentaleffort, as the textual representation forces the reader to mentally merge thetextual information. Likewise, subjects themselves expressed that the graphicalrepresentation is easier to understand.
Making Sense of Declarative Process Models: Common Strategies and  Typical Pitfalls	2015	Declarative approaches to process modeling are regarded as well suited forhighly volatile environments as they provide a high degree of flexibility.However, problems in understanding and maintaining declarative business processmodels impede often their usage. In particular, how declarative models areunderstood has not been investigated yet. This paper takes a first step towardaddressing this question and reports on an exploratory study investigating howanalysts make sense of declarative process models. We have handed outreal-world declarative process models to subjects and asked them to describethe illustrated process. Our qualitative analysis shows that subjects tried todescribe the processes in a sequential way although the models representcircumstantial information, namely, conditions that produce an outcome, ratherthan a sequence of activities. Finally, we observed difficulties with singlebuilding blocks and combinations of relations between activities.
Mixed Monotonicity of Partial First-In-First-Out Traffic Flow Models	2015	In vehicle traffic networks, congestion on one outgoing link of a divergingjunction often impedes flow to other outgoing links, a phenomenon known as thefirst-in-first-out (FIFO) property. Simplified traffic models that do notaccount for the FIFO property result in monotone dynamics for which powerfulanalysis techniques exist. FIFO models are in general not monotone, but havebeen shown to be mixed monotone - a generalization of monotonicity that enablessimilarly powerful analysis techniques. In this paper, we study traffic flowmodels for which the FIFO property is only partial, that is, flows at divergingjunctions exhibit a combination of FIFO and non-FIFO phenomena. We show thatmixed monotonicity extends to this wider class of models and establishconditions that guarantee convergence to an equilibrium.
Fano resonance scattering in waveguide with an impedance boundary  condition	2015	Sound propagation in a waveguide lined with one section of locally reactivematerial is studied by resonance scattering approach. The objective is tounderstand the effects of mode coupling in the lined section on thetransmission. It is shown that a transmission zero is present in the vicinityof a resonance peak when a numerically real resonance frequency of the openlined section (opened to infinities through the rigid parts of the waveguide)is crossed. The transmission zero and immediate resonance peak form a Fanoresonance, it has been explained as an interaction between a resonance and thenon-resonant background. The real resonance frequency and its correspondingtrapped mode are formed by the interferences (couplings) between two neighbormodes with complex resonance frequencies. It is also linked to the avoidedcrossing of eigenvalues and the exceptional point. The scattering matrix isexpressed in terms of a matrix $\mathsf{H_{eff}}$ which describes approximatelythe complex resonances in the open lined section. With the aid of theeigenvalues and eigenfunctions of matrix $\mathsf{H_{eff}}$, the traditionalacoustic resonance scattering formula can be extended to describe the couplingeffects between the open lined section and the rigid parts of the waveguide.
Dynamic transition in Landau-Zener-Stckelberg interferometry of  dissipative systems: the case of the flux qubit	2015	We study Landau-Zener-Stuckelberg (LZS) interferometry in multilevel systemscoupled to an Ohmic quantum bath. We consider the case of superconducting fluxqubits driven by a dc+ac magnetic fields, but our results can apply to othersimilar systems. We find a dynamic transition manifested by a symmetry changein the structure of the LZS interference pattern, plotted as a function of acamplitude and dc detuning. The dynamic transition is from a LZS pattern withnearly symmetric multiphoton resonances to antisymmetric multiphoton resonancesat long times (above the relaxation time). We also show that the presence of aresonant mode in the quantum bath can impede the dynamic transition when theresonant frequency is of the order of the qubit gap. Our results are obtainedby a numerical calculation of the finite time and the asymptotic stationarypopulation of the qubit states, using the Floquet-Markov approach to solve arealistic model of the flux qubit considering up to 10 energy levels.
Interacting electrodynamics of short coherent conductors in quantum  circuits	2016	"When combining lumped mesoscopic electronic components to form a circuit,quantum fluctuations of electrical quantities lead to a non-linearelectromagnetic interaction between the components that is not generallyunderstood. The Landauer-B\""uttiker formalism that is frequently used todescribe non-interacting coherent mesoscopic components is not directly suitedto describe such circuits since it assumes perfect voltage bias, i.e. theabsence of fluctuations. Here, we show that for short coherent conductors ofarbitrary transmission, the Landauer-B\""uttiker formalism can be extended totake into account quantum voltage fluctuations similarly to what is done fortunnel junctions. The electrodynamics of the whole circuit is then formallyworked out disregarding the non-Gaussianity of fluctuations. This reveals howthe aforementioned non-linear interaction operates in short coherentconductors: voltage fluctuations induce a reduction of conductance through thephenomenon of dynamical Coulomb blockade but they also modify their internaldensity of states leading to an additional electrostatic modification of thetransmission. Using this approach we can account quantitatively for conductancemeasurements performed on Quantum Point Contacts in series with impedances ofthe order of $R_K = h / e^2$. Our work should enable a better engineering ofquantum circuits with targeted properties."
Time and position resolution of high granularity, high counting rate  MRPC for the inner zone of the CBM-TOF wall	2016	Multi-gap RPC prototypes with readout on a multi-strip electrode weredeveloped for the small polar angle region of the CBM-TOF subdetector, the mostdemanding zone in terms of granularity and counting rate. The prototypes arebased on low resistivity ($\sim$10$^{10}$ $\Omega$cm) glass electrodes forperforming in high counting rate environment. The strip width/pitch size waschosen such to fulfill the impedance matching with the front-end electronicsand the granularity requirements of the innermost zone of the CBM-TOF wall. Thein-beam tests using secondary particles produced in heavy ion collisions on aPb target at SIS18 - GSI Darmstadt and SPS - CERN were focused on theperformance of the prototype in conditions similar to the ones expected atSIS100/FAIR. An efficiency larger than 98\% and a system time resolution in theorder of 70~-~80~ps were obtained in high counting rate and high multiplicityenvironment.
Characterizing Quantifier Fuzzification Mechanisms: a behavioral guide  for practical applications	2016	Important advances have been made in the fuzzy quantification field.Nevertheless, some problems remain when we face the decision of selecting themost convenient model for a specific application. In the literature, severaldesirable adequacy properties have been proposed, but theoretical limits impedequantification models from simultaneously fulfilling every adequacy propertythat has been defined. Besides, the complexity of model definitions andadequacy properties makes very difficult for real users to understand theparticularities of the different models that have been presented. In this workwe will present several criteria conceived to help in the process of selectingthe most adequate Quantifier Fuzzification Mechanisms for specific practicalapplications. In addition, some of the best known well-behaved models will becompared against this list of criteria. Based on this analysis, some guidanceto choose fuzzy quantification models for practical applications will beprovided.
The Role of Measurement Uncertainty in Optimal Control for Contact  Interactions	2016	Stochastic Optimal Control (SOC) typically considers noise only in theprocess model, i.e. unknown disturbances. However, in many robotic applicationsthat involve interaction with the environment, such as locomotion andmanipulation, uncertainty also comes from lack of precise knowledge of theworld, which is not an actual disturbance. We develop a computationallyefficient SOC algorithm, based on risk-sensitive control, that takes intoaccount uncertainty in the measurements. We include the dynamics of an observerin such a way that the control law explicitly depends on the currentmeasurement uncertainty. We show that high measurement uncertainty leads to lowimpedance behaviors, a result in contrast with the effects of process noisevariance that creates stiff behaviors. Simulation results on a simple 2Dmanipulator show that our controller can create better interaction with theenvironment under uncertain contact locations than traditional SOC approaches.
Sparsity-Based Error Detection in DC Power Flow State Estimation	2016	This paper presents a new approach for identifying the measurement error inthe DC power flow state estimation problem. The proposed algorithm exploits thesingularity of the impedance matrix and the sparsity of the error vector byposing the DC power flow problem as a sparse vector recovery problem thatleverages the structure of the power system and uses $l_1$-norm minimizationfor state estimation. This approach can provably compute the measurement errorsexactly, and its performance is robust to the arbitrary magnitudes of themeasurement errors. Hence, the proposed approach can detect the noisy elementsif the measurements are contaminated with additive white Gaussian noise plussparse noise with large magnitude. The effectiveness of the proposedsparsity-based decomposition-DC power flow approach is demonstrated on the IEEE118-bus and 300-bus test systems.
A TEM study of morphological and structural degradation phenomena in  LiFePO4-CB cathodes	2016	LiFePO4-based cathodes suffer from various degradation mechanisms whichinfluences the battery performance. In this paper morphological and structuraldegradation phenomena in laboratory cathodes made of LiFePO4 (LFP) mixed withcarbon black (CB) in an 1 mol L-1 LiPF6 in EC:DMC (1:1 by weight) electrolyteare investigated by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) at variouspreparation, assembling, storage and cycling stages. High-resolution TEM(HRTEM) imaging shows that continuous SEI layers are formed on the LFPparticles and that both storage and cycling affects the formation. Additionallyloss of CB crystallinity, CB aggregation and agglomeration is observed.Charge-discharge curves and impedance spectra measured during cycling confirmthat these degradation mechanisms reduce the cathode conductivity and capacity.
Fermi liquid theory applied to a film on an oscillating substrate	2016	We have studied the transmission of transverse oscillations through a thinFermi liquid film, using Landau's Fermi liquid theory. Fermi liquid theorydescribes the dynamics of interacting, degenerate fermion systems, for examplenon-superfluid, i.e.\ normal state \textsuperscript{3}He at millikelvintemperatures. The response of a Fermi liquid to the transverse oscillations ofa planar substrate has previously been calculated for a fluid layer of infinitethickness. We have modified these calculations for application to a film offinite thickness, either with a free surface, or as confined between twoparallel substrates. The equations take into account contributions to theacoustic impedance from both the collective transverse zero sound mode, as wellas the incoherent single-quasiparticle excitations and are solved usingnumerical methods.
Rapid Mixing Swendsen-Wang Sampler for Stochastic Partitioned Attractive  Models	2017	The Gibbs sampler is a particularly popular Markov chain used for learningand inference problems in Graphical Models (GMs). These tasks arecomputationally intractable in general, and the Gibbs sampler often suffersfrom slow mixing. In this paper, we study the Swendsen-Wang dynamics which is amore sophisticated Markov chain designed to overcome bottlenecks that impedethe Gibbs sampler. We prove O(\log n) mixing time for attractive binarypairwise GMs (i.e., ferromagnetic Ising models) on stochastic partitionedgraphs having n vertices, under some mild conditions, including low temperatureregions where the Gibbs sampler provably mixes exponentially slow. Ourexperiments also confirm that the Swendsen-Wang sampler significantlyoutperforms the Gibbs sampler when they are used for learning parameters ofattractive GMs.
DSLR-Quality Photos on Mobile Devices with Deep Convolutional Networks	2017	Despite a rapid rise in the quality of built-in smartphone cameras, theirphysical limitations - small sensor size, compact lenses and the lack ofspecific hardware, - impede them to achieve the quality results of DSLRcameras. In this work we present an end-to-end deep learning approach thatbridges this gap by translating ordinary photos into DSLR-quality images. Wepropose learning the translation function using a residual convolutional neuralnetwork that improves both color rendition and image sharpness. Since thestandard mean squared loss is not well suited for measuring perceptual imagequality, we introduce a composite perceptual error function that combinescontent, color and texture losses. The first two losses are definedanalytically, while the texture loss is learned in an adversarial fashion. Wealso present DPED, a large-scale dataset that consists of real photos capturedfrom three different phones and one high-end reflex camera. Our quantitativeand qualitative assessments reveal that the enhanced image quality iscomparable to that of DSLR-taken photos, while the methodology is generalizedto any type of digital camera.
Effect of annealing temperatures on the electrical conductivity and  dielectric properties of Ni1.5Fe1.5O4 spinel ferrite prepared by chemical  reaction at different pH values	2017	The electrical conductivity and dielectric properties of Ni1.5Fe1.5O4 ferritehas been controlled by varying the annealing temperature of the chemical routedsamples. The frequency activated conductivity obeyed Jonschers power law anduniversal scaling suggested semiconductor nature. An unusual metal like statehas been revealed in the measurement temperature scale in between twosemiconductor states with different activation energy. The metal like state hasbeen affected by thermal annealing of the material. The analysis of electricalimpedance and modulus spectra has confirmed non-Debye dielectric relaxationwith contributions from grains and grain boundaries. The dielectric relaxationprocess is thermally activated in terms of measurement temperature andannealing temperature of the samples. The hole hopping process, due to presenceof Ni3+ ions in the present Ni rich ferrite, played a significant role indetermining the thermal activated conduction mechanism. This work hassuccessfully applied the technique of a combined variation of annealingtemperature and pH value during chemical reaction for tuning electricalparameters in a wide range; for example dc limit of conductivity 10power(-4)-10power(-12) S/cm, and unusually high activation energy 0.17-1.36 eV.
Phonon-assisted dark exciton preparation in a quantum dot	2017	In semiconductor quantum dots the coupling to the environment, i.e. tophonons, plays a crucial role for optical state preparation. We analyze thephonon impact on two methods for a direct optical preparation of the darkexciton, which is enabled by a tilted magnetic field: the excitation with achirped laser pulse and the excitation with a detuned pulse. Our study revealsthat for both methods phonons either do not impede the proposed mechanism orare even useful by widening the parameter range where a dark state preparationis possible due to phonon-assisted dark exciton preparation. In view of thepositive impact of phonons on the optical preparation the use of dark excitonsin quantum dots becomes even more attractive.
Equilibration of energy in slow-fast systems	2017	Ergodicity is a fundamental requirement for a dynamical system to reach astate of statistical equilibrium. On the other hand, it is known that inslow-fast systems ergodicity of the fast sub- system impedes the equilibrationof the whole system due to the presence of adiabatic invariants. Here, we showthat the violation of ergodicity in the fast dynamics effectively drives thewhole system to equilibrium. To demonstrate this principle we investigatedynamics of the so-called springy billiards. These consist of a point particleof a small mass which bounces elastically in a billiard where one of the wallscan move - the wall is of a finite mass and is attached to a spring. We proposea random process model for the slow wall dynamics and perform numericalexperiments with the springy billiards themselves and the model. Theexperiments show that for such systems equilibration is always achieved; yet,in the adiabatic limit, the system equilibrates with a positive exponentialrate only when the fast particle dynamics has more than one ergodic componentfor certain wall positions.
Active Control of Laser Wavefronts in Atom Interferometers	2017	Wavefront aberrations are identified as a major limitation in quantumsensors. They are today the main contribution in the uncertainty budget of bestcold atom interferometers based on two-photon laser beam splitters, andconstitute an important limit for their long-term stability, impeding theseinstruments from reaching their full potential. Moreover, they will also remaina major obstacle in future experiments based on large momentum beam splitters.In this article, we tackle this issue by using a deformable mirror to controlactively the laser wavefronts in atom interferometry. In particular, wedemonstrate in an experimental proof of principle the efficient correction ofwavefront aberrations in an atomic gravimeter.
Magnetic topological lithography: Gateway to the artificial spin ice  manifold	2017	Nanomagnetic arrays are widespread in data storage and processing. As currenttechnologies approach fundamental limits on size and thermal stability,extracting additional functionality from arrays is crucial to advancingtechnological progress. One design exploiting the enhanced magneticinteractions in dense arrays is the geometrically-frustrated metamaterial'artificial spin ice' (ASI). Frustrated systems offer vast untapped potentialarising from their unique microstate landscapes, presenting intriguingopportunities from reconfigurable logic to magnonic devices or hardware neuralnetworks. However, progress in such systems is impeded by the inability toaccess more than a fraction of the total microstate space. Here, we present apowerful surface-probe lithography technique, magnetic topological lithography,providing access to all possible microstates in ASI and related nanomagneticarrays. We demonstrate the creation of two previously elusive states; thespin-crystal ground state of dipolar kagome ASI and high-energy, low-entropy'monopole-chain' states exhibiting negative effective temperatures.
Quantum phase fluctuations and density of states in superconducting  nanowires	2017	We argue that quantum fluctuations of the phase of the order parameter maystrongly affect the electron density of states (DOS) in ultrathinsuperconducting wires. We demonstrate that the effect of such fluctuations isequivalent to that of a quantum dissipative environment formed by sound-likeplasma modes propagating along the wire. We derive a non-perturbativeexpression for the local electron DOS in superconducting nanowires which fullyaccounts for quantum phase fluctuations. At any non-zero temperature thesefluctuations smear out the square-root singularity in DOS near thesuperconducting gap and generate quasiparticle states at subgap energies.Furthermore, at sufficiently large values of the wire impedance thissingularity is suppressed down to $T=0$ in which case DOS tends to zero atsubgap energies and exhibits the power-law behavior above the gap. Ourpredictions can be directly tested in tunneling experiments withsuperconducting nanowires.
Capacitive Mechanism of Oxygen Functional Groups on Carbon Surface in  Supercapacitors	2017	Oxygen functional groups are one of the most important subjects in the studyof electrochemical properties of carbon materials which can change thewettability, conductivity and pore size distributions of carbon materials, andcan occur redox reactions. In the electrode materials of carbon-basedsupercapacitors, the oxygen functional groups have widely been used to improvethe capacitive performance. In this paper, we not only analyzed the reasons forthe increase of the capacity that promoted by oxygen functional groups in thecharge-discharge cycling tests, but also analyzed the mechanism how thepseudocapacitance was provided by the oxygen functional groups in theacid/alkaline aqueous electrolyte. Moreover, we also discussed the effect ofthe oxygen functional groups in electrochemical impedance spectroscopy.
Measurement of Surface Acoustic Wave Resonances in Ferroelectric Domains  by Microwave Microscopy	2017	Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) resonances were imaged within a closed domain inthe ferroelectric LiTaO$_3$ via scanning Microwave Impedance Microscopy (MIM).The MIM probe is used for both SAW generation and measurement, allowingcontact-less measurement within a mesoscopic structure. Measurements taken overa range of microwave frequencies are consistent with a constant acousticvelocity, demonstrating the acoustic nature of the measurement.
Covariance Matrix Estimation in Massive MIMO	2017	Interference during the uplink training phase significantly deteriorates theperformance of a massive MIMO system. The impact of the interference can bereduced by exploiting second order statistics of the channel vectors, e.g., toobtain minimum mean squared error estimates of the channel. In practice, thechannel covariance matrices have to be estimated. The estimation of thecovariance matrices is also impeded by the interference during the trainingphase. However, the coherence interval of the covariance matrices is largerthan that of the channel vectors. This allows us to derive methods for accuratecovariance matrix estimation by appropriate assignment of pilot sequences tousers in consecutive channel coherence intervals.
Ray-tracing semiclassical low frequency acoustic modeling with local and  extended reaction boundaries	2017	The recently introduced acoustic ray-tracing semiclassical (RTS) method isvalidated for a set of practically relevant boundary conditions. RTS is afrequency domain geometrical method which directly reproduces the acousticGreen's function. As previously demonstrated for a rectangular room and weaklyabsorbing boundaries with a real and frequency-independent impedance, RTS iscapable of modeling also the lowest modes of such a room, which makes it auseful method for low frequency sound field modeling in enclosures. Inpractice, rooms are furnished with diverse types of materials and acousticelements, resulting in a frequency-dependent, phase-modifyingabsorption/reflection. In a realistic setting, we test the RTS method with twoadditional boundary conditions: a local reaction boundary simulating aresonating membrane absorber and an extended reaction boundary representing aporous layer backed by a rigid boundary described within the Delany-Bazley-Mikimodel, as well as a combination thereof. The RTS-modeled spatially dependentpressure response and octave band decay curves with the correspondingreverberation times are compared to those obtained by the finite elementmethod.
PerfWeb: How to Violate Web Privacy with Hardware Performance Events	2017	The browser history reveals highly sensitive information about users, such asfinancial status, health conditions, or political views. Private browsing modesand anonymity networks are consequently important tools to preserve the privacynot only of regular users but in particular of whistleblowers and dissidents.Yet, in this work we show how a malicious application can infer opened websitesfrom Google Chrome in Incognito mode and from Tor Browser by exploitinghardware performance events (HPEs). In particular, we analyze the browsers'microarchitectural footprint with the help of advanced Machine Learningtechniques: k-th Nearest Neighbors, Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines,and in contrast to previous literature also Convolutional Neural Networks. Weprofile 40 different websites, 30 of the top Alexa sites and 10 whistleblowingportals, on two machines featuring an Intel and an ARM processor. By monitoringretired instructions, cache accesses, and bus cycles for at most 5 seconds, wemanage to classify the selected websites with a success rate of up to 86.3%.The results show that hardware performance events can clearly undermine theprivacy of web users. We therefore propose mitigation strategies that impedeour attacks and still allow legitimate use of HPEs.
Beam Dynamics Studies at DAFNE: from Ideas to Experimental Results	2017	DAFNE is the electron-positron collider operating at the energy ofPhi-resonance, 1 GeV in the center of mass. The presently achieved luminosityis by about two orders of magnitude higher than that obtained at othercolliders ever operated at this energy. Careful beam dynamic studies such asthe vacuum chamber design with low beam coupling impedance, suppression ofdifferent kinds of beam instabilities, investigation of beam-beam interaction,optimization of the beam nonlinear motion have been the key ingredients thathave helped to reach this impressive result. Many novel ideas in acceleratorphysics have been proposed and/or tested experimentally at DAFNE for the firsttime. In this paper we discuss the advanced accelerator physics studiesperformed at DAFNE.
Noise of a superconducting magnetic flux sensor based on a proximity  Josephson junction	2017	We demonstrate simultaneous measurements of DC transport properties and fluxnoise of a hybrid superconducting magnetometer based on the proximity effect(superconducting quantum interference proximity transistor, SQUIPT). The noiseis probed by a cryogenic amplifier operating in the frequency range of a fewMHz. In our non-optimized device, we achieve minimum flux noise $\sim4\;\mu\Phi_0/Hz^{1/2}$, set by the shot noise of the probe tunnel junction. Theflux noise performance can be improved by further optimization of the SQUIPTparameters, primarily minimization of the proximity junction length and crosssection. Furthermore, the experiment demonstrates that the setup can be used toinvestigate shot noise in other nonlinear devices with high impedance. Thistechnique opens the opportunity to measure sensitive magnetometers includingSQUIPT devices with very low dissipation.
Comprehensive Modeling of Three-Phase Distribution Systems via the Bus  Admittance Matrix	2017	The theme of this paper is three-phase distribution system modeling suitablefor the Z-Bus load-flow. Detailed models of wye and delta constant-power,constant-current, and constant-impedance loads are presented. Models oftransmission lines, voltage regulators, and transformers that build the busadmittance matrix (Y-Bus) are laid out. The Z-Bus load-flow is then reviewedand the singularity of the Y-Bus in case of certain transformer connections isrigorously discussed. Based on realistic assumptions and conventionalmodifications, the invertibility of the Y-Bus is proved. Last but not least,the MATLAB scripts that construct the detailed component models for the IEEE37-bus, IEEE 123-bus, and 8500-node feeders as well as the European 906-buslow-voltage feeder are provided.
Avalanches and Plastic Flow in Crystal Plasticity: An Overview	2017	Crystal plasticity is mediated through dislocations, which form knottedconfigurations in a complex energy landscape. Once they disentangle and move,they may also be impeded by permanent obstacles with finite energy barriers orfrustrating long-range interactions. The outcome of such complexity is theemergence of dislocation avalanches as the basic mechanism of plastic flow insolids at the nanoscale. While the deformation behavior of bulk materialsappears smooth, a predictive model should clearly be based upon the characterof these dislocation avalanches and their associated strain bursts. We providehere a comprehensive overview of experimental observations, theoretical modelsand computational approaches that have been developed to unravel the multipleaspects of dislocation avalanche physics and the phenomena leading to strainbursts in crystal plasticity.
Non-linearity of the solid-electrolyte-interphase overpotential	2017	In today's modeling and analysis of electrochemical cycling of Li- and Na-ionbatteries, an assumption is often made regarding the interphase that formsbetween the active material and liquid electrolyte at low potentials, theso-called solid-electrolyte interphase (SEI). The SEI is generally assumed toact like an Ohmic resistor despite its complex chemical composition andporosity distribution. Here, one reports that this assumption does not hold foralkali-ion batteries. The SEI possesses a non-linear overpotentialcharacteristic which saturates already at low current density of 0.1 mAcm-2giving only 3.3$\pm$1 mV for Li-metal electrodes in different electrolytes. ForNa- and K-metal electrodes, these SEI overpotentials become dominating with 31mV and 72 mV at the same low current densities giving significant disadvantagesover Li-ion batteries for commercial applications. With the introduction of anew term, one achieves agreement between the parameters from galvanostaticcycling and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy for the first time. Thediscovery of the non-linear SEI overpotential disrupts the general believesabout the role of the SEI for today's batteries as it is basically negligiblefor Li-ion batteries at room temperature.
Numerical analysis of flexible ultra-thin conformal antenna array	2017	We present a flexible ultra-thin conformal patch antenna array operating inthe Industrial, Scientific, and Medical (ISM) band (2.4-2.4835 GHz) forwireless sensor nodes. The antenna was designed on a flexible polyimide film(Kapton HN) substrate with the size of 95180.1 mm3 and the number of 7radiating elements. The antenna exhibits S11 < -10 dB at the band of interestwith broadband behavior. The measured gain is 4.72 dB in vertical polarizationat 2.48 GHz. To obtain the maximum gain of the array, distances of the elementsin the array are optimized by using the genetic algorithm (GA) in conjunctionwith the multilevel fast multipole algorithm (MLFMA). The VSWR is less than 2over 2.408-2.555 GHz, frequency band. The method of moment (MOM) based on theelectric field integral equation (EFIE) is applied to analyze the radiationcharacteristics of the proposed antenna. The resulting matrix equation obtainedby the discretization of the EFIE is solved iteratively using the MLFMA. Theradiation patterns and return loss obtained from numerical analysis andsimulations show a good impedance matching and a gain enhancement of theproposed antenna.
Continual Learning with Deep Generative Replay	2017	"Attempts to train a comprehensive artificial intelligence capable of solvingmultiple tasks have been impeded by a chronic problem called catastrophicforgetting. Although simply replaying all previous data alleviates the problem,it requires large memory and even worse, often infeasible in real worldapplications where the access to past data is limited. Inspired by thegenerative nature of hippocampus as a short-term memory system in primatebrain, we propose the Deep Generative Replay, a novel framework with acooperative dual model architecture consisting of a deep generative model(""generator"") and a task solving model (""solver""). With only these two models,training data for previous tasks can easily be sampled and interleaved withthose for a new task. We test our methods in several sequential learningsettings involving image classification tasks."
Parallel Matrix-Free Implementation of Frequency-Domain Finite  Difference Methods for Cluster Computing	2017	Full-wave 3D electromagnetic simulations of complex planar devices,multilayer interconnects, and chip packages are presented for wide-bandfrequency-domain analysis using the finite difference integration techniquedeveloped in the PETSc software package. Initial reordering of the indexassignment to the unknowns makes the resulting system matrix diagonallydominant. The rearrangement also facilitates the decomposition of large domaininto slices for passing the mesh information to different machines. Matrix-freemethods are then exploited to minimize the number of element-wisemultiplications and memory requirements in the construction of the system oflinear equations. Besides, the recipes provide extreme ease of modifications inthe kernel of the code. The applicability of different Krylov subspace solversis investigated. The accuracy is checked through comparisons with CST MICROWAVESTUDIO transient solver results. The parallel execution of the compiled code onspecific number of processors in multi-core distributed-memory architecturesdemonstrate high scalability of the computational algorithm.
Broadband focusing of underwater sound using a transparent pentamode  lens	2017	We report an inhomogeneous acoustic metamaterial lens based on spatialvariation of refractive index for broadband focusing of underwater sound. Theindex gradient follows a modified hyperbolic secant profile designed to reduceaberration and suppress side lobes. The gradient index (GRIN) lens is comprisedof transversely isotropic hexagonal microstructures with tunable quasi-staticbulk modulus and mass density. In addition, the unit cells areimpedance-matched to water and have in-plane shear modulus negligible comparedto the effective bulk modulus. The flat GRIN lens is fabricated by cuttinghexagonal centimeter scale hollow microstructures in aluminum plates, which arethen stacked and sealed from the exterior water. Broadband focusing effects areobserved within the homogenization regime of the lattice in both finite element(FEM) simulations and underwater measurements (20-40 kHz). This design approachhas potential applications in medical ultrasound imaging and underwateracoustic communications.
PbTi1-xPdxO3: A New Room-temperature Magnetoelectric Multiferroic Device  Material	2017	There have been a large number of papers on bismuth ferrite (BiFeO3) over thepast few years, trying to exploit its room-temperature magnetoelectricmultiferroic properties. Although these are attractive, BiFeO3 is not the idealmultiferroic, due to weak magnetization and the difficulty in limiting leakagecurrents. Thus there is an ongoing search for alternatives, including suchmaterials as gallium ferrite (GaFeO3). In the present work we report acomprehensive study of the perovskite PbTi1-xPdxO3 with 0 < x < 0.3. Our studyincludes dielectric, impedance and magnetization measurements, conductivityanalysis and study of crystallographic phases present in the samples withspecial attention paid to minor phases, identified as PdO, PbPdO2, and Pd3Pb.The work is remarkable in two ways: Pd is difficult to substitute into ABO3perovskite oxides (where it might be useful for catalysis), and Pd is magneticunder only unusual conditions (under strain or internal electric fields). Thenew material, as a PZT derivative, is expected to have much strongerpiezoelectric properties than BiFeO3.
Perfect Anomalous Reflection with an Aggressively Discretized Huygens'  Metasurface	2017	This paper investigates the discretization of a periodic metasurface anddemonstrates how such a surface can achieve perfect anomalous reflection.Whilst most contemporary theoretical works on metasurfaces deal with continuouscurrent or impedance distributions, we examine how discretization affects ametasurface, and show that in some cases one can discretize a metasurfaceaggressively --- to the extent of having only two cells per spatial period.Such aggressive discretization can lead to great simplifications in metasurfacedesign, and perhaps more surprisingly, a possible performance improvement fromcontinuous metasurfaces. Using this aggressive discretization technique, wereport the design of a binary Huygens' metasurface which reflects an incidentplane wave at 50$^\circ$ into a reflected direction of -22.5$^\circ$. Full-waveelectromagnetic simulation shows the achievement of anomalous reflection with apower efficiency of 99.1%, which dramatically surpasses the performance of acorresponding passive continuous metasurface, for which the power efficiency isfundamentally limited to 69.6%.
Stability and Robust Regulation of Passive Linear Systems	2017	We study the stability of coupled impedance passive regular linear systemsunder power-preserving interconnections. We present new conditions for strong,exponential, and non-uniform stability of the closed-loop system. We apply thestability results to the construction of passive error feedback controllers forrobust output tracking and disturbance rejection for strongly stabilizablepassive systems. In the case of nonsmooth reference and disturbance signals wepresent conditions for non-uniform rational and logarithmic rates ofconvergence of the output. The results are illustrated with examples ondesigning controllers for linear wave and heat equations, and on studying thestability of a system of coupled partial differential equations.
Ultra-Low Noise Amplifier Design for Magnetic Resonance Imaging systems	2017	This paper demonstrates designing and developing of an Ultra-Low NoiseAmplifier which should potentially increase the sensitivity of the existingMagnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) systems. The Design of the LNA is fabricatedand characterized including matching and input high power protection circuits.The estimate improvement of SNR of the LNA in comparison to room temperatureoperation is taken here. The Cascode amplifier topology is chosen to beinvestigated for high performance Low Noise amplifier design and for thefabrication. The fabricated PCB layout of the Cascode LNA is tested by usingmeasurement instruments Spectrum Analyser and Vector Network analyzer. Themeasurements of fabricated PCB layout of the Cascode LNA at room temperaturehad the following performance, the operation frequency is 32 MHz, the noisefigure is 0.45 dB at source impedance 50 {\Omega}, the gain is 11.6 dB, theoutput return loss is 21.1 dB, and the input return loss 0.12 dB and it isunconditionally stable for up to 6 GHz band. The goal of the research isachieved where the Cascode LNA had improvement of SNR.
Waveguides with Absorbing Boundaries: Nonlinearity Controlled by an  Exceptional Point and Solitons	2017	We reveal the existence of continuous families of guided single-mode solitonsin planar waveguides with weakly nonlinear active core and absorbingboundaries. Stable propagation of TE and TM-polarized solitons is accompaniedby attenuation of all other modes, i.e. the waveguide features properties ofconservative and dissipative systems. If the linear spectrum of the waveguidepossesses exceptional points, which occurs in the case of TM-polarization, anoriginally focusing (defocusing) material nonlinearity may become effectivelydefocusing (focusing). This occurs due to the geometric phase of the carriedeigenmode when the surface impedance encircles the exceptional point. In itsturn the change of the effective nonlinearity ensures the existence of dark(bright) solitons in spite of focusing (defocusing) Kerr nonlinearity of thecore. The existence of an exceptional point can also result in anomalousenhancement of the effective nonlinearity. In terms of practical applicationsthe nonlinearity of the reported waveguide can be manipulated by controllingthe properties of the absorbing cladding.
Gradient Descent for Spiking Neural Networks	2017	Much of studies on neural computation are based on network models of staticneurons that produce analog output, despite the fact that informationprocessing in the brain is predominantly carried out by dynamic neurons thatproduce discrete pulses called spikes. Research in spike-based computation hasbeen impeded by the lack of efficient supervised learning algorithm for spikingnetworks. Here, we present a gradient descent method for optimizing spikingnetwork models by introducing a differentiable formulation of spiking networksand deriving the exact gradient calculation. For demonstration, we trainedrecurrent spiking networks on two dynamic tasks: one that requires optimizingfast (~millisecond) spike-based interactions for efficient encoding ofinformation, and a delayed memory XOR task over extended duration (~second).The results show that our method indeed optimizes the spiking network dynamicson the time scale of individual spikes as well as behavioral time scales. Inconclusion, our result offers a general purpose supervised learning algorithmfor spiking neural networks, thus advancing further investigations onspike-based computation.
On-Chip Photonic Transistor based on the Spike Synchronization in  Circuit QED	2017	We consider the single photon transistor in coupled cavity system ofresonators interacting with multilevel superconducting artificial atomsimultaneously. Effective single mode transformation is used for thediagonalization of the the hamiltonian and impedance matching in terms of thenormal modes. Storage and transmission of the incident field are described bythe interactions between the cavities controlling the atomic transitions oflowest lying states. Rabi splitting of vacuum induced multiphoton transitionsis considered in input/output relations by the quadrature operators in theabsence of the input field. Second order coherence functions are employed toinvestigate the photon blockade and localization-delocalization transitions ofcavity fields in oscillating regime of photon states described by the thepopulation imbalance. Refection and transmission of cavity output fields areinvestigated in the presence of the multilevel transitions. Accumulation andfiring of the reflected and transmitted fields are used to investigate thesynchronization of the bunching spike train of transmitted field and populationimbalance of cavity fields. In the presence of single photon gate field, gainenhancement is explained for transmitted regime.
Josephson parametric reflection amplifier with integrated directionality	2017	A directional superconducting parametric amplifier in the GHz frequency rangeis designed and analyzed, suitable for low-power read-out of microwave kineticinductance detectors employed in astrophysics and when combined with anonreciprocal device at its input also for circuit quantum electrodynamics(cQED). It consists of an one wavelength long nondegenerate Josephsonparametric reflection amplifier circuit. The device has two Josephson junctionoscillators, connected via a tailored impedance to an on-chip passive circuitwhich directs the in- to the output port. The amplifier provides a gain of 20dB over a bandwidth of 220 MHz on the signal as well as on the idler portion ofthe amplified input and the total photon shot noise referred to the inputcorresponds to maximally 1.3 photons per second per Hertz of bandwidth. Wepredict a factor of four increase in dynamic range compared to conventionalJosephson parametric amplifiers.
Super-Hydrophobic Stearic Acid Layer Formed on Anodized High Purified  Magnesium for Improving Corrosion Resistance of Biodegradable Implants	2017	Magnesium and its alloys are ideal candidates for biodegradable implants.However, they can dissolve too rapidly in the human body for most applications.In this research, high purified magnesium (HP-Mg) was coated with stearic acidin order to slow the corrosion rate of magnesium in simulated body fluid at37{\deg}C. HP-Mg was anodized to form an oxide/hydroxide layer, then it wasimmersed in a stearic acid solution. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy andpotentiodynamic polarization were used to estimate the corrosion rate of HP-Mgspecimens. The results confirm that the hydrophobic coating can temporarilydecrease the corrosion rate of HP-Mg by 1000x.
Effect of Anodizing Parameters on Corrosion Resistance of Coated  Purified Magnesium	2017	Magnesium and its alloys are being considered for biodegradable biomaterials.However, high and uncontrollable corrosion rates have limited the use ofmagnesium and its alloys in biological environments. In this research, highpurified magnesium (HP-Mg) was coated with stearic acid in order to improve thecorrosion resistance of magnesium. Anodization and immersion in stearic acidwere used to form a hydrophobic layer on magnesium substrate. Different DCvoltages, times, electrolytes, and temperatures were tested. Electrochemicalimpedance spectroscopy and potentiodynamic polarization were used to measurethe corrosion rates of the coated HP-Mg. The results showed that optimumcorrosion resistance occurred for specimens anodized at +4 volts for 4 minutesat 70{\deg}C in borate benzoate. The corrosion resistance was temporarilyenhanced by 1000x.
AMP: A Better Multipath TCP for Data Center Networks	2017	In recent years several multipath data transport mechanisms, such as MPTCPand XMP, have been introduced to effectively exploit the path diversity of datacenter networks (DCNs). However, these multipath schemes have not been widelydeployed in DCNs. We argue that two key factors among others impeded theiradoption: TCP incast and minimum window syndrome. First, these mechanisms areill-suited for workloads with a many-to-one communication pattern, commonlyfound in DCNs, causing frequent TCP incast collapses. Second, the syndrome wediscover for the first time, results in 2-5 times lower throughput forsingle-path flows than multipath flows, thus severely violating networkfairness.  To effectively tackle these problems, we propose AMP: an adaptive multipathcongestion control mechanism that quickly detects the onset of these problemsand transforms its multipath flow into a single-path flow. Once these problemsdisappear, AMP safely reverses this transformation and continues its datatransmission via multiple paths. Our evaluation results under a diverse set ofscenarios in a fat-tree topology with realistic workloads demonstrate that AMPis robust to the TCP incast problem and improves network fairness betweenmultipath and single-path flows significantly with little performance loss.
Transient stability guarantees for ad hoc dc microgrids	2017	Ad hoc electrical networks are formed by connecting power sources and loadswithout planning the interconnection structure (topology) in advance. They aredesigned to be installed and operated by individual communities---withoutcentral oversight---and as a result are well-suited to addressing the lack ofelectricity access in rural and developing areas. However, ad hoc networks arenot widely used, and a major technical challenge impeding their development(and deployment) is the difficulty of certifying network stability without apriori knowledge of the topology. We develop conditions on individual powersources and loads such that a microgrid comprised of many units will be stable.We use Brayton-Moser potential theory to develop design constraints onindividual microgrid components that certify transient stability---guaranteeingthat the system will return to a suitable equilibrium after load switchingevents. Our central result is that stability can be ensured by installing aparallel capacitor at each constant power load, and we derive an expression forthe required capacitance.
Small-Signal Analysis of the Microgrid Secondary Control Considering a  Communication Time Delay	2017	This paper presents a small-signal analysis of an islanded microgrid composedof two or more voltage source inverters connected in parallel. The primarycontrol of each inverter is integrated through internal current and voltageloops using PR compensators, a virtual impedance, and an external powercontroller based on frequency and voltage droops. The frequency restorationfunction is implemented at the secondary control level, which executes aconsensus algorithm that consists of a load-frequency control and a single timedelay communication network. The consensus network consists of a time-invariantdirected graph and the output power of each inverter is the information sharedamong the units, which is affected by the time delay. The proposed small-signalmodel is validated through simulation results and experimental results. A rootlocus analysis is presented that shows the behavior of the system consideringcontrol parameters and time delay variation.
Carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars in the SDSS-APOGEE database	2017	We identify six new CEMP stars ([C/Fe]>+0.7 and [Fe/H]< -1.8) and anotherseven likely candidates within the APOGEE database following Data Release 12.These stars have chemical compositions typical of metal-poor halo stars, e.g.,mean [$\alpha$/Fe] = +0.24$\pm$0.24, based on the ASPCAP pipeline results. Alack of heavy element spectral lines impedes further sub-classification ofthese CEMP stars, however, based on radial velocity scatter, we predict mostare not CEMP-s stars which are typically found in binary systems. Only oneobject, 2M15312547+4220551, may be in a binary since it exhibits a scatter inits radial velocity of 1.7 $\pm$0.6 km s$^{-1}$ based on three visits over a25.98 day baseline. Optical observations are now necessary to confirm thestellar parameters and low metallicities of these stars, to determine theheavy-element abundance ratios and improve the precision in the derivedabundances, and to examine their CEMP sub-classifications.
Underwater object classification using scattering transform of sonar  signals	2017	In this paper, we apply the scattering transform (ST), a nonlinear map basedoff of a convolutional neural network (CNN), to classification of underwaterobjects using sonar signals. The ST formalizes the observation that the filterslearned by a CNN have wavelet like structure. We achieve effective binaryclassification both on a real dataset of Unexploded Ordinance (UXOs), as wellas synthetically generated examples. We also explore the effects on thewaveforms with respect to changes in the object domain (e.g., translation,rotation, and acoustic impedance, etc.), and examine the consequences comingfrom theoretical results for the scattering transform. We show that thescattering transform is capable of excellent classification on both thesynthetic and real problems, thanks to having more quasi-invariance propertiesthat are well-suited to translation and rotation of the object.
Be Careful What You Backpropagate: A Case For Linear Output Activations  & Gradient Boosting	2017	In this work, we show that saturating output activation functions, such asthe softmax, impede learning on a number of standard classification tasks.Moreover, we present results showing that the utility of softmax does not stemfrom the normalization, as some have speculated. In fact, the normalizationmakes things worse. Rather, the advantage is in the exponentiation of errorgradients. This exponential gradient boosting is shown to speed up convergenceand improve generalization. To this end, we demonstrate faster convergence andbetter performance on diverse classification tasks: image classification usingCIFAR-10 and ImageNet, and semantic segmentation using PASCAL VOC 2012. In thelatter case, using the state-of-the-art neural network architecture, the modelconverged 33% faster with our method (roughly two days of training less) thanwith the standard softmax activation, and with a slightly better performance toboot.
Towards femtosecond on-chip electronics	2017	To combine the advantages of ultrafast femtosecond optics with an on-chipcommuncation scheme, optical signals with a frequency of several hundreds ofTHz need to be down-converted to coherent electronic signals of GHz or less. Sofar, this has not been achieved because of the impedance mismatch withinelectronic circuits and their overall slow response-time. Here, we demonstratethat 14 fs optical pulses in the near-infrared (NIR) can drive electronicon-chip circuits with a bandwidth up to 10 THz. The corresponding electronicpulses propagate in microscopic striplines on a millimeter scale. We exploitfemtosecond photoswitches based on tunneling barriers in nanoscale metaljunctions to drive the pulses. The non-linear ultrafast response is based on acombination of plasmonically enhanced, multi-photon absorption and quantumtunneling, and gives rise to a field emission of ballistic electronspropagating across the nanoscale junctions. Our results pave the way towardsfemtosecond electronics integrated in waferscale quantum circuits.
New approach for SCR selection and optimization for Septum magnet power  supply with high reliability	2017	A new approach for selection of Silicon-Controlled Rectifier (SCR) forswitching high pulsed currents in the septum magnet power supply is described.In this approach, an attempt is made to select the SCR from its I2t ratinggiven in data sheet. For this, a factor which we have called I2t deratingfactor is defined as the ratio of I2t rating of SCR to the I2t value of currentpulse to be switched. Thus, the SCR to be used in power supply is selected fromits I2t derating factor. Three different experiments were performed using SCRof different manufacturers, to estimate the value of I2t derating factors. Inthese experiments, the SCR was subjected to maximum thermal stress till SCRstarted showing degradation. The forward blocking voltage and the leakagecurrent are the parameters used for characterizing the SCR before and after thestress. The results of these experiments are presented and discussed. Thisapproach will be of great help when pulse rating of SCR, like, transientthermal impedance is not available. Finally, a method is presented which cancontribute to design low-cost and high-reliability septum magnet power supply.
Maneuver Regulation for Accelerating Bodies in Atmospheric Environments	2017	In order to address the need for an affordable reduced gravity test platform,this work focuses on the analysis and implementation of atmosphericacceleration tracking with an autonomous aerial vehicle. As proof of concept,the vehicle is designed with the objective of flying accurate reduced-gravityparabolas. Suggestions from both academia and industry were taken into account,as well as requirements imposed by a regulatory agency. The novelty of thiswork is the Proportional Integral Ramp Quadratic PIRQ controller, which isemployed to counteract the aerodynamic forces impeding the vehicles constantacceleration during the maneuver. The stability of the free-fall maneuver underthis controller is studied in detail via the formation of the transversedynamics and the application of the circle criterion. The implementation ofsuch a controller is then outlined, and the PIRQ controller is validatedthrough a flight test, where the vehicle successfully tracks Martian gravity0.378 G's with a standard deviation of 0.0426.
Using Effective Generator Impedance for Forced Oscillation Source  Location	2017	Locating the sources of forced low-frequency oscillations in power systems isan important problem. A number of proposed methods demonstrate their practicalusefulness, but many of them rely on strong modeling assumptions and providepoor performance in certain cases for reasons still not well understood. Thispaper proposes a systematic method for locating the source of a forcedoscillation by considering a generator's response to fluctuations of itsterminal voltages and currents. It is shown that a generator can be representedas an effective admittance matrix with respect to low-frequency oscillations,and an explicit form for this matrix, for various generator models, is derived.Furthermore, it is shown that a source generator, in addition to its effectiveadmittance, is characterized by the presence of an effective current sourcethus giving a natural qualitative distinction between source and nonsourcegenerators. Detailed descriptions are given of a source detection procedurebased on this developed representation, and the method's effectiveness isconfirmed by simulations on the recommended testbeds (eg. WECC 179-bus system).This method is free of strong modeling assumptions and is also shown to berobust in the presence of measurement noise and generator parameteruncertainty.
Convexification of Restricted Dirichlet-to-Neumann Map	2017	"By our definition, ""restricted Dirichlet-to-Neumann map"" (DN) means that theDirichlet and Neumann boundary data for a Coefficient Inverse Problem (CIP) aregenerated by a point source running along an interval of a straight line. Onthe other hand, the conventional DN data can be generated, at least sometimes,by a point source running along a hypersurface. CIPs with the restricted DNdata are non-overdetermined in the $n-$D case with $n \geq 2$. We develop, in aunified way, a general and a radically new numerical concept for CIPs withrestricted DN data for a broad class of PDEs of the second order, such as, e.g.elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic ones. Namely, using Carleman WeightFunctions, we construct globally convergent numerical methods. H\""{o}lderstability and uniqueness are also proved. The price we pay for these featuresis a well acceptable one in the Numerical Analysis: we truncate a certainFourier-like series with respect to some functions depending only on theposition of that point source. At least three applications are: imaging of landmines, crosswell imaging and electrical impedance tomography."
Tunable Quantum Criticality and Super-ballistic Transport in a `Charge'  Kondo Circuit	2017	Quantum phase transitions are ubiquitous in many exotic behaviors ofstrongly-correlated materials. However the microscopic complexity impedes theirquantitative understanding. Here, we observe thoroughly and comprehend the richstrongly-correlated physics in two profoundly dissimilar regimes of quantumcriticality. With a circuit implementing a quantum simulator for thethree-channel Kondo model, we reveal the universal scalings toward differentlow-temperature fixed points and along the multiple crossovers from quantumcriticality. Notably, an unanticipated violation of the maximum conductance forballistic free electrons is uncovered. The present charge pseudospinimplementation of a Kondo impurity opens access to a broad variety ofstrongly-correlated phenomena.
Noisy Softmax: Improving the Generalization Ability of DCNN via  Postponing the Early Softmax Saturation	2017	Over the past few years, softmax and SGD have become a commonly usedcomponent and the default training strategy in CNN frameworks, respectively.However, when optimizing CNNs with SGD, the saturation behavior behind softmaxalways gives us an illusion of training well and then is omitted. In thispaper, we first emphasize that the early saturation behavior of softmax willimpede the exploration of SGD, which sometimes is a reason for model convergingat a bad local-minima, then propose Noisy Softmax to mitigating this earlysaturation issue by injecting annealed noise in softmax during each iteration.This operation based on noise injection aims at postponing the early saturationand further bringing continuous gradients propagation so as to significantlyencourage SGD solver to be more exploratory and help to find a betterlocal-minima. This paper empirically verifies the superiority of the earlysoftmax desaturation, and our method indeed improves the generalization abilityof CNN model by regularization. We experimentally find that this earlydesaturation helps optimization in many tasks, yielding state-of-the-art orcompetitive results on several popular benchmark datasets.
Tungsten based metasurface absorber for visible regime	2017	Utilizing solar energy requires perfect absorption by photovoltaic cells forefficient conversion of solar energy into useful electrical energy.Metasurfaces can, not only be used to absorb solar energy efficiently but, theydo so with thickness of structure in nano-scale -effectively reducing the sizeof the device. To achieve aforementioned feature metasurface absorbers aredeveloped which give better absorbance on narrow/wide frequency spectrum. Theseabsorbers are fashioned with variable structures employing variable materialsbut still, perfect absorbance is not attained with a simple two-dimensional(not varying in z-direction) structure. This paper presents a simulatedrealization of a broadband metasurface absorber based on tungstennano-structure. The design is two-dimensional, polarization insensitive,broadband and is predicted to give better response under high temperaturesascribed to high melting point of tungsten i.e. 3422{\deg}C. Cross alignment isfound optimum for tungsten as it is impedance matched with the free space forvisible spectrum. This cross arrangement is further tweaked by changing span,width and height of the cross resulting in 7 different optimized solutionsgiving an average absorbance greater than 98%. One, amongst these solutions,gave a maximum average absorbance of 99.3%.
Multiresonator quantum memory-interface	2017	In this paper we experimentally demonstrated a broadband microwave schemesuitable for the multiresonator quan- tum memory-interface. The microwavescheme consists of the system of composed mini-resonators strongly inter-acting with a common broadband resonator coupled with the external microwavewaveguide. We have implemented the controllable tuning of the mini-resonatorfrequencies and coupling of the common resonator with the external waveguidefor the implementation of the impedance matched quantum storage. The storage ofmicrowave pulses with an efficiency of 16.3% has been shown experimentally atroom temperature. The possible properties of the proposed scheme formini-resonators with high-Q at low temperatures are discussed. The obtainedresults pave the way for the implementation of superefficient broadbandmicrowave quantum memory-interface.
Dynamic Input Structure and Network Assembly for Few-Shot Learning	2017	The ability to learn from a small number of examples has been a difficultproblem in machine learning since its inception. While methods have succeededwith large amounts of training data, research has been underway in how toaccomplish similar performance with fewer examples, known as one-shot or moregenerally few-shot learning. This technique has been shown to have promisingperformance, but in practice requires fixed-size inputs making it impracticalfor production systems where class sizes can vary. This impedes training andthe final utility of few-shot learning systems. This paper describes anapproach to constructing and training a network that can handle arbitraryexample sizes dynamically as the system is used.
Experimental MIMO VLC Systems Using Tricolor LED Transmitters and  Receivers	2017	This paper shows experimental systems using R/G/B LEDs as both the emittersand narrowband filterless photodetectors to realize multiple-inputmultiple-output (MIMO) visible light communications. Among 9 tested color-pairlinks from R/G/B LEDs to R/G/B LEDs, the R-R link and B-G link exhibit the bestquality. With a 2 times 2 MIMO setup, the implemented OOK system can achieve adata rate of 40kbps and 20 kbps under half duplex and full duplex designsrespectively, without any amplifying and equalizing circuits. When LEDs areused as photodetectors, the measured LED impedance spectrum versus frequencyimplies that the performance of the LED-to-LED communication link can besignificantly improved via an impedancematching amplifying and equalizationcircuit. Capabilities of simultaneous transmission and reception by an LEDwithout electronic switching are experimentally observed. This feature enablescontinuous full duplex communication and offers an advantage over time divisionmultiplexing.
Parameterizations for Ensemble Kalman Inversion	2017	The use of ensemble methods to solve inverse problems is attractive becauseit is a derivative-free methodology which is also well-adapted toparallelization. In its basic iterative form the method produces an ensemble ofsolutions which lie in the linear span of the initial ensemble. Choice of theparameterization of the unknown field is thus a key component of the success ofthe method. We demonstrate how both geometric ideas and hierarchical ideas canbe used to design effective parameterizations for a number of applied inverseproblems arising in electrical impedance tomography, groundwater flow andsource inversion. In particular we show how geometric ideas, including thelevel set method, can be used to reconstruct piecewise continuous fields, andwe show how hierarchical methods can be used to learn key parameters incontinuous fields, such as length-scales, resulting in improvedreconstructions. Geometric and hierarchical ideas are combined in the level setmethod to find piecewise constant reconstructions with interfaces of unknowntopology.
Compact microwave kinetic inductance nanowire galvanometer for cryogenic  detectors at 4.2 K	2017	We present a compact current sensor based on a superconducting microwavelumped-element resonator with a nanowire kinetic inductor, operating at 4.2 K.The sensor is suitable for multiplexed readout in GHz range of large-formatarrays of cryogenic detectors. The device consists of a lumped-element resonantcircuit, fabricated from a single 4-nm-thick superconducting layer of niobiumnitride. Thus, the fabrication and operation is significantly simplified incomparison to state-of-the-art approaches. Because the resonant circuit isinductively coupled to the feed line the current to be measured can directly beinjected without having the need of an impedance matching circuit, reducing thesystem complexity. With the proof-of-concept device we measured a current noisefloor {\delta}Imin of 10 pA/Hz1/2 at 10 kHz. Furthermore, we demonstrate theability of our sensor to amplify a pulsed response of a superconductingnanowire single-photon detector using a GHz-range carrier for effectivefrequency-division multiplexing.
Application of the Landau-Zener-Stueckelberg-Majorana dynamics in an  electrically driven flip of a hole spin	2017	"An idea of employing the Landau-Zener-St\""uckelberg-Majorana (LZSM) dynamicsto flip a spin of a single ground state hole is introduced and explored by atime-dependent simulation. This configuration interaction study considers ahole confined in a quantum molecule formed in InSb $\langle111\rangle$ quantumwire by application of an electrostatic potential. An up-down spin-mixingavoided crossing is formed by non-axial terms in the Kohn-Luttinger Hamiltonianand the Dresselhaus spin-orbit one. Manipulation of the system is possible bydynamic change of external vertical electric field, which enables theconsecutive driving of the hole through two anticrossings. Moreover, a simplemodel of the power-law type noise that impedes the precise electric control ofthe system is included in the form of Random Telegraph Noise to estimate thelimitations of the working conditions. We show that in principle the process ispossible, but it requires a precise control of parameters of the drivingimpulse."
Perfect Anomalous Reflection with a Binary Huygens' Metasurface	2017	In this paper we propose a new metasurface that is able to reflect a knownincoming electromagnetic wave into an arbitrary direction, with perfect powerefficiency. This seemingly simple task, which we hereafter call perfectanomalous reflection, is actually highly non-trivial due to the differing waveimpedances and complex interference between the incident and reflected waves.Heretofore, proposed metasurfaces which achieve perfect anomalous reflectionrequire complicated, deeply subwavelength and/or multilayer element structureswhich allow them to couple to and from leaky and/or evanescent waves. Incontrast, we demonstrate that using a Binary Huygens' Metasurface (BHM) --- apassive and lossless metasurface with only two cells per period --- perfectanomalous reflection can be achieved over a wide angular and frequency range.Through simulations and experiments at 24 GHz, we show that a properly designedBHM can anomalously reflect an incident electromagnetic wave from $\theta_i =50^\circ$ to $\theta_r = -22.5^\circ$, with perfect power efficiency to withinexperimental precision.
Quantum coherent transport in a three-arm beam splitter and a Braess  paradox	2017	The Braess paradox encountered in classical networks is a counterintuitivephenomenon when the flow in a road network can be impeded by adding a new roador, more generally, the overall net performance can degrade after addition ofan extra available choice. In this work, we discuss the possibility of asimilar effect in a phase-coherent quantum transport and demonstrate it byexample of a simple Y-shaped metallic fork. To reveal the Braess-like partialsuppression of the charge flow in such device, it is proposed to transfer twooutgoing arms into a superconducting state. We show that the differentialconductance-vs-voltage spectrum of the hybrid fork structure variesconsiderably when the extra link between the two superconducting leads is addedand it can serve as an indicator of quantum correlations which manifestthemselves in the quantum Braess paradox.
Empowering In-Memory Relational Database Engines with Native Graph  Processing	2017	The plethora of graphs and relational data give rise to many interestinggraph-relational queries in various domains, e.g., finding related proteinssatisfying relational predicates in a biological network. The maturity ofRDBMSs motivated academia and industry to invest efforts in leveraging RDBMSsfor graph processing, where efficiency is proven for vital graph queries.However, none of these efforts process graphs natively inside the RDBMS, whichis particularly challenging due to the impedance mismatch between therelational and the graph models. In this paper, we propose to treat graphs asfirst-class citizens inside the relational engine so that operations on graphsare executed natively inside the RDBMS. We realize our approach inside VoltDB,an open-source in-memory relational database, and name this realizationGRFusion. The SQL and the query engine of GRFusion are empowered todeclaratively define graphs and execute cross-data-model query plans formed bygraph and relational operators, resulting in up to four orders-of-magnitude inquery-time speedup w.r.t. state-of-the-art approaches.
A quantum model for voltage noise: Theory and Experiments	2017	Although the Fluctuation-Dissipation framework is a first step to get aquantum model for electrical noise, the merging of displacement and conductioncurrents into the sole current of a series notion like the resistance R(f) doesnot help in it this task. Used to handle these currents as orthogonalcomponents in electromagnetic waves, the usage of the impedanceZ(jf)=R(f)+jX(f) for the noisy device hides the way it interacts with itsthermal bath. In contrast to this, the admittance Y(jf) is a parallel notiondirectly linked with the aforementioned interaction that has led us to developa discrete model for current fluctuations where single electrons randomlyshuttling between any pair of terminals generate the voltage noise we canmeasure between them.
Computation Error Analysis of Block Floating Point Arithmetic Oriented  Convolution Neural Network Accelerator Design	2017	The heavy burdens of computation and off-chip traffic impede deploying thelarge scale convolution neural network on embedded platforms. As CNN isattributed to the strong endurance to computation errors, employing blockfloating point (BFP) arithmetics in CNN accelerators could save the hardwarecost and data traffics efficiently, while maintaining the classificationaccuracy. In this paper, we verify the effects of word width definitions in BFPto the CNN performance without retraining. Several typical CNN models,including VGG16, ResNet-18, ResNet-50 and GoogLeNet, were tested in this paper.Experiments revealed that 8-bit mantissa, including sign bit, in BFPrepresentation merely induced less than 0.3% accuracy loss. In addition, weinvestigate the computational errors in theory and develop the noise-to-signalratio (NSR) upper bound, which provides the promising guidance for BFP basedCNN engine design.
Thermoelectric radiation detector based on superconductor/ferromagnet  systems	2017	We suggest a new type of an ultrasensitive detector of electromagnetic fieldsexploiting the giant thermoelectric effect recently found insuperconductor/ferromagnet hybrid structures. Compared to other types ofsuperconducting detectors where the detected signal is based on variations ofthe detector impedance, the thermoelectric detector has the advantage ofrequiring no external driving fields. This becomes especially relevant inmulti-pixel detectors where the number of bias lines and the heating induced bythem becomes an issue. We propose different material combinations to implementthe detector and provide a detailed analysis of its sensitivity and speed. Inparticular, we perform to our knowledge the first proper noise analysis thatincludes the cross correlation between heat and charge current noise andthereby describes also thermoelectric detectors with a large thermoelectricfigure of merit.
Application of large area SiPMs for the readout of a plastic  scintillator based timing detector	2017	In this study an array of eight 6 mm x 6 mm area SiPMs was coupled to the endof a long plastic scintillator counter which was exposed to a 2.5 GeV/c muonbeam at the CERN PS. Timing characteristics of bars with dimensions 150 cm x 6cm x 1 cm and 120 cm x 11 cm x 2.5 cm have been studied. An 8-channel SiPManode readout ASIC (MUSIC R1) based on a novel low input impedance currentconveyor has been used to read out and amplify SiPMs independently and sum thesignals at the end. Prospects for applications in large-scale particle physicsdetectors with timing resolution below 100 ps are provided in light of theresults.
Accurate and Efficient Evaluation of Characteristic Modes	2017	A new method to improve the accuracy and efficiency of characteristic mode(CM) decomposition for perfectly conducting bodies is presented. The methoduses the expansion of the Green dyadic in spherical vector waves. Thisexpansion is utilized in the method of moments (MoM) solution of the electricfield integral equation to factorize the real part of the impedance matrix. Thefactorization is then employed in the computation of CMs, which improves theaccuracy as well as the computational speed. An additional benefit is a rapidcomputation of far fields. The method can easily be integrated into existingMoM solvers. Several structures are investigated illustrating the improvedaccuracy and performance of the new method.
Redefine the correlation coefficient by experiment methods	2017	With the establishment of global biological monitor network and developmentof remote sensing technology, data won't be a limitation, but the variancebrought by spatial heterogeneous and fractal will influence correlationcoefficient significantly with the enlarged sample scale. Those impede us tofind more intrinsic principle in ecology. Ecology is based on experiment, andthe experiment methods won't change with spatial. In that condition, if weconstruct a system to evaluate the experimental difference, that may benefitthe study in spatial ecology. In that condition, we give a synthesis discussionfrom the concept of data, experiment to analysis methods,and revise as well asdevelop correlation and regression method to make it suit the demand of spatialanalysis. An experimental correlation system is established in this report.
Embroidered Antenna Characterization for Passive UHF RFID Tags	2017	For smart clothing integration with the wireless system based on radiofrequency (RF) backscattering, we demonstrate an ultra-high frequency (UHF)antenna constructed from embroidered conductive threads. Sewn into a fabricbacking, the T-match antenna design mimics a commercial UHF RFID tag, which wasalso used for comparative testing. Bonded to the fabric antenna is theintegrated circuit chip dissected from another commercial RFID tag, whichallows for testing the tags under normal EPC Gen 2 operating conditions. Wefind that, despite of the high resistive loss of the antenna and inexactimpedance matching, the fabric antenna works reasonably well as a UHF antennaboth in standalone RFID testing, and during variety of ways of wearing undersweaters or as wristbands. The embroidering pattern does not affect much thefeel and comfort from either side of the fabrics by our sewing method.
Overcoming Barriers to Engagement with Educational Video Games for  Self-Directed Learning: A Mixed-Methods Case Study	2017	Research has established increased engagement and positive behavioral,attitudinal, and learning outcomes from educational games. Although engagementbegets these benefits, there is a lack of research on how students engage witheducational games, especially when self-directed. Additionally, research on theeffects of engagement on performance is conflicting. This study aimed toidentify barriers to students' self-directed engagement with two anatomyeducational games, methods to overcome identified barriers, and the impact ofengagement on learning performance. Employing the within-case and cross-caseapproach and triangulation of data, four educational-game specific barriersemerged (from most common to least common): 1) negative perceptions ofeducational games, 2) incompatible audience, 3) incompatible difficulty, and 4)price. Path analysis found that engagement may have insignificant, positiveeffects on performance. These findings indicate that students' self-directedengagement with educational games is impeded by unique barriers and engagementmay not be vital for performance. Suggestions for game design and marketingemerged to help developers, teachers, and researchers overcome identifiedbarriers.
Scattering of flexural waves from an $N$-beam resonator in a thin plate	2017	The impedance matrix method is applied to study the scattering of flexuralwaves propagating in an infinite thin plate containing an $N$-beam resonator.The resonator consists of a circular hole containing a smaller plate connectedto the background plate by a number $N$ of rectangular beams. Afterrepresenting the boundary conditions in a modal multipole expansion form, acompact expression is obtained for the T-matrix, which relates the incident andthe scattered transverse (out-of-plane) waves. The analysis of the scatteringcross-section reveals interesting scattering features, like resonances andanisotropy, associated with this type of resonators. Numerical experimentsperformed within the framework of the finite element method support theaccuracy of the model here developed.
"A response to: ""NIST experts urge caution in use of courtroom evidence  presentation method"""	2017	"A press release from the National Institute of Standards and Technology(NIST)could potentially impede progress toward improving the analysis offorensic evidence and the presentation of forensic analysis results in courtsin the United States and around the world. ""NIST experts urge caution in use ofcourtroom evidence presentation method"" was released on October 12, 2017, andwas picked up by the phys.org news service. It argues that, except inexceptional cases, the results of forensic analyses should not be reported as""likelihood ratios"". The press release, and the journal article by NISTresearchers Steven P. Lund & Harri Iyer on which it is based, identifies somelegitimate points of concern, but makes a strawman argument and reaches anunjustified conclusion that throws the baby out with the bathwater."
Towards a Seamless Integration of Word Senses into Downstream NLP  Applications	2017	Lexical ambiguity can impede NLP systems from accurate understanding ofsemantics. Despite its potential benefits, the integration of sense-levelinformation into NLP systems has remained understudied. By incorporating anovel disambiguation algorithm into a state-of-the-art classification model, wecreate a pipeline to integrate sense-level information into downstream NLPapplications. We show that a simple disambiguation of the input text can leadto consistent performance improvement on multiple topic categorization andpolarity detection datasets, particularly when the fine granularity of theunderlying sense inventory is reduced and the document is sufficiently large.Our results also point to the need for sense representation research to focusmore on in vivo evaluations which target the performance in downstream NLPapplications rather than artificial benchmarks.
Loss Induced Maximum Power Transfer in Distribution Networks	2017	In this paper, the power flow solution of the two bus network is used toanalytically characterise maximum power transfer limits of distributionnetworks, when subject to both thermal and voltage constraints. Traditionalanalytic methods are shown to reach contradictory conclusions on thesuitability of reactive power for increasing power transfer. Therefore, a morerigorous analysis is undertaken, yielding two solutions, both fullycharacterised by losses. The first is the well-known thermal limit. The secondwe define as the `marginal loss-induced maximum power transfer limit'. This isa point at which the marginal increases in losses are greater than increases ingenerated power. The solution is parametrised in terms of the ratio ofresistive to reactive impedance, and yields the reactive power required. Theaccuracy and existence of these solutions are investigated using the IEEE 34bus distribution test feeder, and show good agreement with the two busapproximation. The work has implications for the analysis of reactive powerinterventions in distribution networks, and for the optimal sizing ofdistributed generation.
Polaron formation, native defects, and electronic conduction in metal  tungstates	2017	Iron tungstate (FeWO$_4$) and manganese tungstate (MnWO$_4$) belong to afamily of wolframite-type materials that has applications in various areas,including supercapacitors, batteries, and multiferroics. A detailedunderstanding of bulk properties and defect physics in these transition-metaltungstates has been lacking, however, impeding possible improvement of theirfunctional properties. Here, we report a first-principles study of FeWO$_4$ andMnWO$_4$ using screened hybrid density-functional calculations. We find that inboth compounds the electronic structure near the band edges are predominantlythe highly localized transition-metal $d$ states, which allows for theformation of both hole polarons at the Fe (Mn) sites and electron polarons atthe W sites. The dominant native point defects in FeWO$_4$ (MnWO$_4$) underrealistic synthesis conditions are, however, the hole polarons at the Fe (Mn)sites and negatively charged Fe (Mn) vacancies. The presence of low-energy andhighly mobile polarons provides explanation for the good p-type conductivityobserved in experiments and the ability of the materials to store energy via apseudocapacitive mechanism.
Dynamical control over the confinement of spatially indirect excitons in  electrostatic traps of GaAs coupled quantum wells	2017	We study spatially indirect excitons confined in a 10 $\mu$m wideelectrostatic trap of a GaAs double quantum well. We introduce a technique tocontrol the amplitude of the electric field interacting with the excitonselectric dipole, with nanosecond precision. Our approach relies on electronicwaveforms corrected for the distorsions occurring at highest frequencies sothat impedance matching is not necessary. Thus, we manipulate the confinementof cold gases without inducing sizeable perturbations down to sub-Kelvin bathtemperatures.
Infinite dimensional compressed sensing from anisotropic measurements  and applications to inverse problems in PDE	2017	We consider a compressed sensing problem in which both the measurement andthe sparsifying systems are assumed to be frames (not necessarily tight) of theunderlying Hilbert space of signals, which may be finite or infinitedimensional. The main result gives explicit bounds on the number ofmeasurements in order to achieve stable recovery, which depends on the mutualcoherence of the two systems. As a simple corollary, we prove the efficiency ofnonuniform sampling strategies in cases when the two systems are notincoherent, but only asymptotically incoherent, as with the recovery of waveletcoefficients from Fourier samples. This general framework finds applications toinverse problems in partial differential equations, where the standardassumptions of compressed sensing are often not satisfied. Several examples arediscussed, with a special focus on electrical impedance tomography.
Rearrangements of Open Magnetic Flux and Formation of Polar Coronal  Holes in Cycle 24	2017	A method of synoptic map assimilation has been developed to study globalrearrangements of open magnetic flux and formation of polar coronal holes(PCHs) in the current cycle. The analysis reveals ensembles of coronal holes(ECHs) which appear within unipolar magnetic regions associated with decayingactivity complexes (ACs). The cause-effect relations between them explainasynchronous PCH formation observed at the northern and southern hemispheres ofthe Sun. Thus, the decay of large ACs, that were observed in 2014, led toformation of an extensive ECH, which then became the south PCH in mid-2015.Intricate structure of magnetic fields in the northern polar zone has impededthe north PCH formation, despite the fact that the dominant polarity at theNorth Pole reversed two years earlier than at the South Pole. The north PCHformed only by mid-2016 as the result of gradual merger of high-latitudinalECHs associated with several decaying ACs.
Subgap in the surface bound states spectrum of Superfluid $^3$He-B with  Rough Surface	2017	Subgap structure in the surface bound states spectrum of Superfluid $^3$He-Bwith rough surface is discussed. The subgap is formed by the level repulsionbetween the surface bound state and the continuum states in the course ofmultiple scattering by the surface roughness. We show that the level repulsionis originated from the nature of the wave function of the surface bound statethat is now recognized as Majorana Fermion. We study the superfluid $^3$He-Bwith a rough surface and under magnetic field perpendicular to the surfaceusing the quasi-classical Green function together with random S-matrix model.We calculate the self-consistent order parameters, the spin polarizationdensity and the surface density of states. It is shown that the subgap is foundalso under the magnetic field perpendicular to the surface. Magnetic fielddependence of the transverse acoustic impedance is also discussed.
All-Microwave Control and Dispersive Readout of Gate-Defined Quantum Dot  Qubits in Circuit Quantum Electrodynamics	2017	Developing fast and accurate control and readout techniques is an importantchallenge in quantum information processing with semiconductor qubits. Here, westudy the dynamics and the coherence properties of a GaAs/AlGaAs double quantumdot (DQD) charge qubit strongly coupled to a high-impedance SQUID arrayresonator. We drive qubit transitions with synthesized microwave pulses andperform qubit readout through the state dependent frequency shift imparted bythe qubit on the dispersively coupled resonator. We perform Rabi oscillation,Ramsey fringe, energy relaxation and Hahn-echo measurements and findsignificantly reduced decoherence rates down to $\gamma_2/2\pi\sim 3\,\rm{MHz}$corresponding to coherence times of up to $T_2 \sim 50 \, \rm{ns}$ for chargestates in gate defined quantum dot qubits.
Coherent spin-qubit photon coupling	2017	Electron spins hold great promise for quantum computation due to their longcoherence times. An approach to realize interactions between distantspin-qubits is to use photons as carriers of quantum information. Wedemonstrate strong coupling between single microwave photons in a NbTiN highimpedance cavity and a three-electron spin-qubit in a GaAs triple quantum dot.We resolve the vacuum Rabi mode splitting with a coupling strength of$g/2\pi\simeq31$ MHz and a qubit decoherence of $\gamma_2/2\pi\simeq 20$ MHz.We can tune the decoherence electrostatically and obtain a minimal$\gamma_2/2\pi\simeq 10$ MHz for $g/2\pi\simeq 23$ MHz. The dependence of thequbit-photon coupling strength on the tunable electric dipole moment of thequbit is measured directly using the ac Stark effect. Our demonstration ofstrong spin-photon interaction is an important step towards coherentlong-distance coupling of spin-qubits.
Strong spin-photon coupling in silicon	2017	We report the strong coupling of a single electron spin and a singlemicrowave photon. The electron spin is trapped in a silicon double quantum dotand the microwave photon is stored in an on-chip high-impedance superconductingresonator. The electric field component of the cavity photon couples directlyto the charge dipole of the electron in the double dot, and indirectly to theelectron spin, through a strong local magnetic field gradient from a nearbymicromagnet. This result opens the way to the realization of large networks ofquantum dot based spin qubit registers, removing a major roadblock to scalablequantum computing with spin qubits.
Variations of petrophysical properties and spectral induced polarization  in response to drainage and imbibition: a study on a correlated random tube  network	2017	We implement a procedure to simulate the drainage and imbibition in random,two-dimensional, square networks. We compute the resistivity index, therelative permeability, and the characteristic lengths of a correlated networkat various saturation states, under the assumption that the surfaceconductivity can be neglected. These parameters exhibit a hysteretic behaviour.Then, we calculate the Spectral Induced Polarization (SIP) response of themedium, under the assumption that the electrical impedance of each tube followsa local Warburg conductivity model, with identical DC conductivity andchargeability for all the tubes. We evidence that the shape of the SIP spectradepends on the saturation state. The analysis of the evolution of themacroscopic Cole-Cole parameters of the spectra in function of the saturationalso behaves hysteretically, except for the Cole-Cole exponent. We also observea power-law relationship between the macroscopic DC conductivity and timeconstant and the relative permeability. We also show that the frequency peak ofthe phase spectra is directly related to the characteristic length and to therelative permeability, underlining the potential interest of SIP measurementsfor the estimation of the permeability of unsaturated media.
Modified stochastic fragmentation of an interval as an ageing process	2017	"We study a stochastic model based on a modified fragmentation of a finiteinterval. The mechanism consists in cutting the interval at a random locationand substituting a unique fragment on the right of the cut to regenerate andpreserve the interval length. This leads to a set of segments of random sizes,with the accumulation of small fragments near the origin. This model is anexample of record dynamics, with the presence of ""quakes"" and slow dynamics.The fragment size distribution is a universal inverse power law withlogarithmic corrections. The exact distribution for the fragment number asfunction of time is simply related to the unsigned Stirling numbers of thefirst kind. Two-time correlation functions are defined and computed exactly.They satisfy scaling relations and exhibit aging phenomena. In particular theprobability that the same number of fragments is found at two different times$t>s$ is asymptotically equal to $[4\pi\log(s)]^{-1/2}$ when $s\gg 1$ and theratio $t/s$ fixed, in agreement with the numerical simulations. The sameprocess with a reset impedes the aging phenomena beyond a typical time scaledefined by the reset parameter."
Comparison Between Pierce Equivalent Circuit and Recent Discrete Model  for Traveling-Wave Tubes	2017	To perform accurate numerical simulations of the traveling-wave tube in timedomain, a new approach using field decomposition with large reduction ofdegrees-of-freedom has been proposed: the discrete model. To assess itsvalidity, we compare it with the well-established Pierce equivalent circuitmodel in small signal regime. We also discuss associated beam, circuit-beam,and circuit impedances. We demonstrate analytically and with a numericalexample that the newly developed discrete model is very close to the Piercemodel. Interestingly, small deviations do exist at the edges of theamplification band. We speculate that the deviation from reality is on thePierce model side, while the discrete model would be more accurate.
Impact of climate change on backup energy and storage needs in  wind-dominated power systems in Europe	2017	The high temporal variability of wind power generation represents a majorchallenge for the realization of a sustainable energy supply. Large backup andstorage facilities are necessary to secure the supply in periods of lowrenewable generation, especially in countries with a high share of renewables.We show that strong climate change is likely to impede the system integrationof intermittent wind energy. To this end, we analyze the temporalcharacteristics of wind power generation based on high-resolution climateprojections for Europe and uncover a robust increase of backup energy andstorage needs in most of Central, Northern and North-Western Europe. Thiseffect can be traced back to an increase of the likelihood for long periods oflow wind generation and an increase in the seasonal wind variability.
Modal Regression based Atomic Representation for Robust Face Recognition	2017	Representation based classification (RC) methods such as sparse RC (SRC) haveshown great potential in face recognition in recent years. Most previous RCmethods are based on the conventional regression models, such as lassoregression, ridge regression or group lasso regression. These regression modelsessentially impose a predefined assumption on the distribution of the noisevariable in the query sample, such as the Gaussian or Laplacian distribution.However, the complicated noises in practice may violate the assumptions andimpede the performance of these RC methods. In this paper, we propose a modalregression based atomic representation and classification (MRARC) framework toalleviate such limitation. Unlike previous RC methods, the MRARC framework doesnot require the noise variable to follow any specific predefined distributions.This gives rise to the capability of MRARC in handling various complex noisesin reality. Using MRARC as a general platform, we also develop four novel RCmethods for unimodal and multimodal face recognition, respectively. Inaddition, we devise a general optimization algorithm for the unified MRARCframework based on the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) andhalf-quadratic theory. The experiments on real-world data validate the efficacyof MRARC for robust face recognition.
An Inkjet Printed Chipless RFID Sensor for Wireless Humidity Monitoring	2017	A novel chipless RFID humidity sensor based on a finite Artificial ImpedanceSurface (AIS) is presented. The unit cell of the AIS is composed of threeconcentric loops thus obtaining three deep and high Q nulls in theelectromagnetic response of the tag. The wireless sensor is fabricated usinglow-cost inkjet printing technology on a thin sheet of commercial coated paper.The patterned surface is placed on a metal backed cardboard layer. The relativehumidity information is encoded in the frequency shift of the resonance peaks.Varying the relative humidity level from 50% to 90%, the frequency shift hasproven to be up to 270MHz. The position of the resonance peaks has beencorrelated to the relative humidity level of the environment on the basis of ahigh number of measurements performed in a climatic chamber, specificallydesigned for RF measurements of the sensor. A very low error probability of theproposed sensor is demonstrated when the device is used with a 10% RH humiditylevel discrimination.
High Saturation Power Josephson Parametric Amplifier with GHz Bandwidth	2017	We present design and simulation of a Josephson parametric amplifier withbandwidth exceeding 1.6 GHz, and with high saturation power approaching -90 dBmat a gain of 22.8 dB. An improvement by a factor of roughly 50 in bandwidthover the state of the art is achieved by using well-established impedancematching techniques. An improvement by a factor of roughly 100 in saturationpower over the state of the art is achieved by implementing the Josephsonnonlinear element as an array of rf-SQUIDs with a total of 40 junctions.WRSpice simulations of the circuit are in excellent agreement with thecalculated gain and saturation characteristics.
Collective patterns of pedestrians interacting with attractions	2017	Walking is a fundamental activity of human life, not only for moving betweenplaces but also for interacting with surrounding environments. While walking todestinations, pedestrians may acquaint themselves with attractions such asartworks, shop displays, and public events. If such attractions are temptingenough, pedestrians opt to stop walking in order to join the attractions. Incrowded conditions, the existence of attractions may considerably affect thepedestrian flow patterns. One can see that the attracted pedestrians oftenimpede passerby flow near the attractions during peak hour in a shoppingcenter. During shopping holidays such as Black Friday in the United States,shoppers are competing for very attractive products in stores and such behaviormight lead to pedestrian incidents.  The work presented in this dissertation reproduced those phenomena innumerical simulations by developing mathematical models of attracted pedestrianmovements. In the models, the crowd preference and the attractiveness of theattraction were taken into account in order to reflect the characteristics ofattractions and pedestrian traffic. Furthermore, this dissertation suggestedpossible explanations of the predicted phenomena based on the interactionsbetween pedestrians and attractions. The presented models can be applied andextended, for example, to optimize pedestrian flow in shopping centers andmuseums.
Direct Imaging of Sketched Conductive Nanostructures at the  LaAlO3/SrTiO3 Interface	2017	Nanoscale control of the quasi-two-dimensional electron gas at theLaAlO3/SrTiO3 (LAO/STO) interface by a conductive probe tip has triggered thedevelopment of a number of electronic devices. While the spatial distributionof the conductance is crucial for such devices, it is challenging to directlyvisualize the local electrical properties at the buried interface. Here wedemonstrate conductivity imaging of sketched nanostructures at the LAO/STOinterface by microwave impedance microscopy (MIM) with a lateral resolution onthe order of 100 nm. The sheet conductance extracted from the MIM data agreeswith the transport measurement. The tip-induced insulator-to-metal transitionis observed above a threshold voltage of +4 V. Our work paves the way to studyemergent phenomena at oxide interfaces by probing nanoscale conductancedistribution.
Robust Computation in 2D Absolute EIT (a-EIT) Using D-bar Methods with  the `exp' Approximation	2017	Objective: Absolute images have important applications in medical ElectricalImpedance Tomography (EIT) imaging, but the traditional minimization andstatistical based computations are very sensitive to modeling errors and noise.In this paper, it is demonstrated that D-bar reconstruction methods forabsolute EIT are robust to such errors. Approach: The effects of errors indomain shape and electrode placement on absolute images computed with 2D D-barreconstruction algorithms are studied on experimental data. Main Results: It isdemonstrated with tank data from several EIT systems that these methods arequite robust to such modeling errors, and furthermore the artefacts arisingfrom such modeling errors are similar to those occurring in classictime-difference EIT imaging. Significance: This study is promising for clinicalapplications where absolute EIT images are desirable, but previously thoughtimpossible.
Radiation damage and thermal shock response of carbon-fiber-reinforced  materials to intense high-energy proton beams	2017	A comprehensive study on the effects of energetic protons on carbon-fibercomposites and compounds under consideration for use as low-Z pion productiontargets in future high-power accelerators and low-impedance collimatingelements for intercepting TeV-level protons at the Large Hadron Collider hasbeen undertaken addressing two key areas, namely, thermal shock absorption andresistance to irradiation damage.
Stability of interlinked neutron vortex and proton flux tube arrays in a  neutron star. II. Far-from-equilibrium dynamics	2017	The equilibrium configurations of neutron superfluid vortices interactingwith proton superconductor flux tubes in a rotating, harmonic trap arenon-trivial in general, when the magnetorotational symmetry is broken. Anon-zero angle $\theta$ between the magnetic and rotation axes leads to tangledvorticity due to competition between vortex-vortex repulsion andvortex-flux-tube pinning. Here we investigate the far-from-equilibriumbehaviour of the vortices, as the trap decelerates, by solving thetime-dependent, stochastic, Gross-Pitaevskii equation numerically in threedimensions. The numerical simulations reveal new vortex behaviours. Keygeometrical attributes of the evolving vortex tangle are characterised, as isthe degree to which pinning impedes the deceleration of the neutron condensateas a function of $\eta$, the pinning strength, and $\theta$. The simulatedsystem is a partial analogue of the outer core of a decelerating neutron star,albeit in a very different parameter regime.
Characterization and Improvement of the Thermal Stability of TES  Bolometers	2017	We study the mechanism of instability in transition edge sensor (TES)bolometers used for ground based observations of the Cosmic MicrowaveBackground (CMB) at 270GHz. The instability limits the range of usefuloperating resistances of the TES down to $\approx$ 50% of $R_n$, and due tovariations in detector properties and optical loading within a column ofmultiplexed detectors, limits the effective on sky yield. Using measurements ofthe electrical impedance of the detectors, we show the instability is due tothe increased bolometer leg $G$ for higher-frequency detection inducingdecoupling of the palladium-gold heat capacity from the thermistor. Wedemonstrate experimentally that the limiting thermal resistance is due to thesmall cross sectional area of the silicon nitride bolometer island, and so iseasily fixed by layering palladium-gold over an oxide protected TES. Theresulting detectors can be biased down to a resistance $\approx$10% of $R_n$.
Stability estimates for partial data inverse problems for Schrdinger  operators in the high frequency limit	2017	"We consider the partial data inverse boundary problem for the Schr\""odingeroperator at a frequency $k>0$ on a bounded domain in $\mathbb{R}^n$, $n\ge 3$,with impedance boundary conditions. Assuming that the potential is known in aneighborhood of the boundary, we first show that the knowledge of the partialRobin-to-Dirichlet map at the fixed frequency $k>0$ along an arbitrarily smallportion of the boundary, determines the potential in a logarithmically stableway. We prove, as the principal result of this work, that the logarithmicstability can be improved to the one of H\""older type in the high frequencyregime."
Molecular enhanced sampling with autoencoders: On-the-fly collective  variable discovery and accelerated free energy landscape exploration	2017	"Macromolecular and biomolecular folding landscapes typically contain highfree energy barriers that impede efficient sampling of configurational space bystandard molecular dynamics simulation. Biased sampling can artificially drivethe simulation along pre-specified collective variables (CVs), but successdepends critically on the availability of good CVs associated with theimportant collective dynamical motions. Nonlinear machine learning techniquescan identify such CVs but typically do not furnish an explicit relationshipwith the atomic coordinates necessary to perform biased sampling. In this work,we employ auto-associative artificial neural networks (""autoencoders"") to learnnonlinear CVs that are explicit and differentiable functions of the atomiccoordinates. Our approach offers substantial speedups in exploration ofconfigurational space, and is distinguished from exiting approaches by itscapacity to simultaneously discover and directly accelerate along data-drivenCVs. We demonstrate the approach in simulations of alanine dipeptide andTrp-cage, and have developed an open-source and freely-available implementationwithin OpenMM."
Coherently Enhanced Wireless Power Transfer	2017	Extraction of electromagnetic energy by an antenna from impinging externalradiation is at the basis of wireless communications and power transfer (WPT).The maximum of transferred energy is ensured when the antenna is conjugatelymatched, i.e., when it is resonant and it has an equal coupling with free spaceand its load, which is not easily implemented in near-field WPT. Here, weintroduce the concept of coherently enhanced wireless power transfer. We showthat a principle similar to the one underlying the operation of coherentperfect absorbers can be employed to improve the overall performance of WPT andpotentially achieve its dynamic control. The concept relies on coherentexcitation of the waveguide connected to the antenna load with a backwardpropagating signal of specific amplitude and phase. This signal creates asuitable interference pattern at the load resulting in a modification of thelocal wave impedance, which in turn enables conjugate matching and a largelyincreased amount of energy extracted to the waveguide. We develop anillustrative theoretical model describing this concept, demonstrate it withfull-wave numerical simulations for the canonical example of a dipole antenna,and verify it experimentally in both near-field and far-field regimes.
A parametric model for the changes in the complex valued conductivity of  a lung during tidal breathing	2018	Classical homogenization theory based on the Hashin-Shtrikman coatedellipsoids is used to model the changes in the complex valued conductivity (oradmittivity) of a lung during tidal breathing. Here, the lung is modeled as atwo-phase composite material where the alveolar air-filling corresponds to theinclusion phase. The theory predicts a linear relationship between the real andthe imaginary parts of the change in the complex valued conductivity of a lungduring tidal breathing, and where the loss cotangent of the change isapproximately the same as of the effective background conductivity and henceeasy to estimate. The theory is illustrated with numerical examples, as well asby using reconstructed Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) images based onclinical data from an ongoing study within the EU-funded CRADL project. Thetheory may be potentially useful for improving the imaging algorithms andclinical evaluations in connection with lung EIT for respiratory management andmonitoring in neonatal intensive care units.
A Real-Time Game Theoretic Planner for Autonomous Two-Player Drone  Racing	2018	To be successful in multi-player drone racing, a player must not only followthe race track in an optimal way, but also compete with other drones throughstrategic blocking, faking, and opportunistic passing while avoidingcollisions. Since unveiling one's own strategy to the adversaries is notdesirable, this requires each player to independently predict the otherplayers' future actions. Nash equilibria are a powerful tool to model this andsimilar multi-agent coordination problems in which the absence of communicationimpedes full coordination between the agents. In this paper, we propose a novelreceding horizon planning algorithm that, exploiting sensitivity analysiswithin an iterated best response computational scheme, can approximate Nashequilibria in real time. We also describe a vision-based pipeline that allowseach player to estimate its opponent's relative position. We demonstrate thatour solution effectively competes against alternative strategies in a largenumber of drone racing simulations. Hardware experiments with onboard visionsensing prove the practicality of our strategy.
Dendritic-Inspired Processing Enables Bio-Plausible STDP in Compound  Binary Synapses	2018	Brain-inspired learning mechanisms, e.g. spike timing dependent plasticity(STDP), enable agile and fast on-the-fly adaptation capability in a spikingneural network. When incorporating emerging nanoscale resistive non-volatilememory (NVM) devices, with ultra-low power consumption and high-densityintegration capability, a spiking neural network hardware would result inseveral orders of magnitude reduction in energy consumption at a very smallform factor and potentially herald autonomous learning machines. However,actual memory devices have shown to be intrinsically binary with stochasticswitching, and thus impede the realization of ideal STDP with continuous analogvalues. In this work, a dendritic-inspired processing architecture is proposedin addition to novel CMOS neuron circuits. The utilization of spikeattenuations and delays transforms the traditionally undesired stochasticbehavior of binary NVMs into a useful leverage that enablesbiologically-plausible STDP learning. As a result, this work paves a pathway toadopt practical binary emerging NVM devices in brain-inspired neuromorphiccomputing.
Symmetry, chaos and temperature in the one-dimensional lattice $^4$  theory	2018	The symmetries of the minimal $\phi^4$ theory on the lattice aresystematically analyzed. We find that symmetry can restrict trajectories tosubspaces, while their motions are still chaotic. The chaotic dynamics ofautonomous Hamiltonian systems are discussed, in relation to the thermodynamiclaws. Possibilities of configurations with non-equal ideal gas temperatures inthe steady state, in Hamiltonian systems, are investigated, and examples ofsmall systems in which the ideal gas temperatures are different within thesystem are found. The pairing of local (finite-time) Lyapunov exponents areanalyzed, and their dependence on various factors, such as the energy of thesystem, the characteristics of the initial conditions are studied, anddiscussed. We find that for the $\phi^4$ theory, higher energies lead to fasterpairing times. We also find that symmetries can impede the pairing of localLyapunov exponents, and the convergence of Lyapunov exponents.
Optical left-handed metamaterials made of arrays of upright split-ring  pairs	2018	Electromagnetic metamaterials are man-made structures that have novelproperties such as a negative refraction index, not attainable in naturallyoccurring materials. Although negative index materials (NIMs) in microwavefrequencies were demonstrated in 2001, it has remained challenging to designNIMs for optical frequencies especially those with both negative permittivityand negative permeability [known as left-handed metamaterials (LHMs)]. Here, bygoing beyond the traditional concept of the combination of artificialelectronic and magnetic meta-atoms to design NIMs, we propose a novel LHMcomposed of an array of simple upright split-ring pairs working in the nearinfrared region. Our electromagnetic simulations reveal the underlyingmechanism that the coupling of the two rings can stimulate simultaneously boththe electric and magnetic resonances. The proposed structure has a highestrefractive index of -2, a highest figure of merit of 21, good air-matchedimpedance and 180 nm double negative bandwidth, which excel the performances ofmany previous proposals. We also numerically demonstrate the negativerefraction of this metamaterial in both the single-layer form and wedge-shapedlens.
Finite temperature quantum annealing solving exponentially small gap  problem with non-monotonic success probability	2018	Closed-system quantum annealing is expected to sometimes fail spectacularlyin solving simple problems for which the gap becomes exponentially small in theproblem size. Much less is known about whether this gap scaling also impedesopen-system quantum annealing. Here we study the performance of a quantumannealing processor in solving such a problem: a ferromagnetic chain withsectors of alternating coupling strength that is classically trivial butexhibits an exponentially decreasing gap in the sector size. The gap is severalorders of magnitude smaller than the device temperature. Contrary to theclosed-system expectation, the success probability rises for sufficiently largesector sizes. The success probability is strongly correlated with the number ofthermally accessible excited states at the critical point. We demonstrate thatthis behavior is consistent with a quantum open-system description that isunrelated to thermal relaxation, and is instead dominated by the system'sproperties at the critical point.
A parallel Voronoi-based approach for mesoscale simulations of cell  aggregate electropermeabilization	2018	We introduce a numerical framework that enables unprecedented directnumerical studies of the electropermeabilization effects of a cell aggregate atthe meso-scale. Our simulations qualitatively replicate the shadowing effectobserved in experiments and reproduce the time evolution of the impedance ofthe cell sample in agreement with the trends observed in experiments. Thisapproach sets the scene for performing homogenization studies for understandingthe effect of tissue environment on the efficiency of electropermeabilization.We employ a forest of Octree grids along with a Voronoi mesh in a parallelenvironment that exhibits excellent scalability. We exploit the electricinteractions between the cells through a nonlinear phenomenological model thatis generalized to account for the permeability of the cell membranes. We usethe Voronoi Interface Method (VIM) to accurately capture the sharp jump in theelectric potential on the cell boundaries. The case study simulation covers avolume of $(1\ mm)^3$ with more than $27,000$ well-resolved cells with aheterogeneous mix of morphologies that are randomly distributed throughout aspheroid region.
Frequency-dependent impedance and surface waves on the boundary of a  stratified dielectric medium	2018	We analyse waves that propagate along the interface between a dielectrichalf-space and a half-space filled with a Lorentz material. We show that thecorresponding interface condition leads to a generalisation of the classicalLeontovich condition on the boundary of a dielectric half-space. We study whenthis condition supports propagation of (dispersive) surface waves. We derivethe related dispersion relation for waves propagating along the boundary of astratified half-space and determine the relationship between the lossparameter, frequency and wavenumber for which interfacial waves exist.
Silicon-plasmonic integrated circuits for terahertz signal generation  and coherent detection	2018	Optoelectronic signal processing offers great potential for generation anddetection of ultra-broadband waveforms in the THz range, so-called T-waves.However, fabrication of the underlying high-speed photodiodes andphotoconductors still relies on complex processes using dedicated III-Vsemiconductor substrates. This severely limits the application potential ofcurrent T-wave transmitters and receivers, in particular when it comes tohighly integrated systems that combine photonic signal processing withoptoelectronic conversion to THz frequencies. In this paper, we demonstratethat these limitations can be overcome by plasmonic internal photoemissiondetectors (PIPED). PIPED can be realized on the silicon photonic platform andhence allow to leverage the enormous opportunities of the associated deviceportfolio. In our experiments, we demonstrate both T-wave signal generation andcoherent detection at frequencies of up to 1 THz. To proof the viability of ourconcept, we monolithically integrate a PIPED transmitter and a PIPED receiveron a common silicon photonic chip and use them for measuring the complextransfer impedance of an integrated T-wave device.
Greedy stochastic algorithms for entropy-regularized optimal transport  problems	2018	Optimal transport (OT) distances are finding evermore applications in machinelearning and computer vision, but their wide spread use in larger-scaleproblems is impeded by their high computational cost. In this work we develop afamily of fast and practical stochastic algorithms for solving the optimaltransport problem with an entropic penalization. This work extends the recentlydeveloped Greenkhorn algorithm, in the sense that, the Greenkhorn algorithm isa limiting case of this family. We also provide a simple and generalconvergence theorem for all algorithms in the class, with rates that match thebest known rates of Greenkorn and the Sinkhorn algorithm, and conclude withnumerical experiments that show under what regime of penalization the newstochastic methods are faster than the aforementioned methods.
Stability of DC Networks with Generic Load Models	2018	DC grids are prone to small-signal instabilities due to the presence oftightly controlled loads trying to keep the power consumption constant overrange of terminal voltage variations. Th, so-called, constant power load (CPL)represents a classical example of this destabilizing behavior acting as anincremental negative resistance. Real-life DC loads represented by controlledpower converters exhibit the CPL behavior over a finite frequency range. Thereexist a number of methods for stability certification of DC grids which areprimarily concerned with the source-load interaction and do not explicitlyaccount for the influence of network. In the present manuscript, we develop amethod for stability assessment of arbitrary DC grids by introducing theAugmented Power Dissipation and showing that it's positive definiteness is asufficient condition for stability. We present an explicit expression for thisquantity through load and network impedances and show how it could be directlyused for stability certification of networks with arbitrary configuration.
Refrigeration beyond weak internal coupling	2018	We investigate the performance of a three-spin quantum absorptionrefrigerator using a refined open quantum system model valid across allinter-spin coupling strengths. It describes the transition between previousapproximate models for the weak and the ultrastrong coupling limit, and itpredicts optimal refrigeration for moderately strong coupling, where bothapproximations are inaccurate. Two effects impede a more effective cooling: thecoupling between the spins no longer reduces to a simple resonant energyexchange (the rotating wave approximation fails), and the interactions with thethermal baths become sensitive to the level splitting, thus opening additionalheat channels between the reservoirs. We identify the modified conditions ofrefrigeration as a function of the inter-spin coupling strength, and we showthat, contrary to intuition, a high-temperature work reservoir thwartsrefrigeration in the strong coupling regime.
Graph Algorithms for Topology Identification using Power Grid Probing	2018	To perform any meaningful optimization task, power distribution operatorsneed to know the topology and line impedances of their electric networks.Nevertheless, distribution grids currently lack a comprehensive meteringinfrastructure. Although smart inverters are widely used for control purposes,they have been recently advocated as the means for an active data acquisitionparadigm: Reading the voltage deviations induced by intentionally perturbinginverter injections, the system operator can potentially recover the electricgrid topology. Adopting inverter probing for feeder processing, a suite ofgraph-based topology identification algorithms is developed here. If the gridis probed at all leaf nodes but voltage data are metered at all nodes, theentire feeder topology can be successfully recovered. When voltage data arecollected only at probing buses, the operator can find a reduced feederfeaturing key properties and similarities to the actual feeder. To handlemodeling inaccuracies and load non-stationarity, noisy probing data need to bepreprocessed. If the suggested guidelines on the magnitude and duration ofprobing are followed, the recoverability guarantees carry over from thenoiseless to the noisy setup with high probability.
Particle-in-cell studies of fast-ion slowing-down rates in cool tenuous  magnetized plasma	2018	We report on 3D-3V particle-in-cell simulations of fast-ion energy-loss ratesin cold, weakly-magnetized, weakly-coupled plasma where the electrongyroradius, $\rho_{e}$, is comparable to or less than the Debye length,$\lambda_{De}$, and the fast-ion velocity exceeds the electron thermalvelocity, a regime in which the electron response may be impeded. Thesesimulations use explicit algorithms, spatially resolve $\rho_{e}$ and$\lambda_{De}$, and temporally resolve the electron cyclotron and plasmafrequencies. For mono-energetic dilute fast ions with isotropic velocitydistributions, these scaling studies of the slowing-down time, $\tau_{s}$,\versus fast-ion charge are in agreement with unmagnetized slowing-down theory;with an applied magnetic field, no consistent anisotropy between $\tau_{s}$ inthe cross-field and field-parallel directions could be resolved. Scaling thefast-ion charge is confirmed as a viable way to reduce the requiredcomputational time for each simulation. The implications of these slowing downprocesses are described for one magnetic-confinement fusion concept, the small,advanced-fuel, field-reversed configuration device.
Small-scale displacement fluctuations of vesicles in fibroblasts	2018	The intracellular environment is a dynamic space filled with variousorganelles moving in all directions. Included in this diverse group oforganelles are vesicles, which are involved in transport of molecular cargothroughout the cell. Vesicles move in either a directed or non-directedfashion, often depending on interactions with cytoskeletal proteins such asmicrotubules, actin filaments, and molecular motors. How these proteins affectthe local fluctuations of vesicles in the cytoplasm is not clear since theyhave the potential to both facilitate and impede movement. Here we show thatvesicle mobility is significantly affected by myosin-II, even though it is nota cargo transport motor. We find that myosin-II activity increases theeffective diffusivity of vesicles and its inhibition facilitates longer statesof non-directed motion. Our study suggests that altering myosin-II activity inthe cytoplasm of cells can modulate the mobility of vesicles, providing apossible mechanism for cells to dynamically tune the cytoplasmic environment inspace and time.
Simple mechanisms that impede the Berry phase identification from  magneto-oscillations	2018	The phase of quantum magneto-oscillations is often associated with the Berryphase and is widely used to argue in favor of topological nontriviality of thesystem (Berry phase $2\pi n+\pi$). Nevertheless, the experimentally determinedvalue may deviate from $2\pi n+\pi$ arbitrarily, therefore more care should bemade analyzing the phase of magneto-oscillations to distinguish trivial systemsfrom nontrivial. In this paper we suggest two simple mechanisms dramaticallyaffecting the experimentally observed value of the phase in three-dimensionaltopological insulators: (i) magnetic field dependence of the chemicalpotential, and (ii) possible nonuniformity of the system. These mechanisms arenot limited to topological insulators and can be extended to othertopologically trivial and non-trivial systems.
Microwave Vortex Beam Launcher Design	2018	A novel design for a vectorial vortex beam launcher in the microwave regimeis devised. The beam is formed by launching a single guided transverse electric(TE) mode of a metallic circular waveguide into free-space. Excitation isachieved by the mean of an inserted coaxial loop antenna. Modal expansioncoefficients are computed, and the resulting electric and magnetic fields aredetermined. The effect of the antenna location inside the waveguide on itseffective input impedance is modelled using transmission-line relations andlocation for optimal matching is established. The analytical results areconfirmed using multi-level fast multipole method full-wave simulations.
Light-harvesting with guide-slide superabsorbing condensed-matter  nanostructures	2018	We establish design principles for light-harvesting antennae whose energycapture scales superlinearly with system size. Controlling the absorber dipoleorientations produces sets of `guide-slide' states which promote steady-statesuperabsorbing characteristics in noisy condensed-matter nanostructures.Inspired by natural photosynthetic complexes, we discuss the example ofring-like dipole arrangements and show that, in our setup, vibrationalrelaxation enhances rather than impedes performance. Remarkably, thesuperabsorption effect proves robust to O(5%) disorder simultaneously for allrelevant system parameters, showing promise for experimental exploration acrossa broad range of platforms.
On the band gap universality multiphase laminates and its applications	2018	\citet{Shmuel2016JMPS} discovered that all infinite band structures of wavesat normal incidence in two-phase laminates are encapsulated in a compactuniversal manifold. We show that manifolds of higher dimensionality encapsulatethe band structures of all multiphase laminates. We use these manifolds todetermine the density of gaps in the spectrum, and prove it is invariant withrespect to certain properties. We further demonstrate that these manifolds areuseful for formulating optimization problems on the gaps width, for which wedevelop a simple bound. Using our theory, we numerically study the dependencyof the gaps density and width on the impedance and number of phases. Finally,we show that in certain settings, our analysis applies to non-linear multiphaselaminates, whose band diagram is tunable by finite pre-deformations. Throughsimple examples, we demonstrate how the universality of our representation isuseful for characterizing this tunability in multiphase laminates.
Eye movement simulation and detector creation to reduce laborious  parameter adjustments	2018	Eye movements hold information about human perception, intention andcognitive state. Various algorithms have been proposed to identify anddistinguish eye movements, particularly fixations, saccades, and smoothpursuits. A major drawback of existing algorithms is that they rely on accurateand constant sampling rates, impeding straightforward adaptation to newmovements such as micro saccades. We propose a novel eye movement simulatorthat i) probabilistically simulates saccade movements as gamma distributionsconsidering different peak velocities and ii) models smooth pursuit onsets withthe sigmoid function. This simulator is combined with a machine learningapproach to create detectors for general and specific velocity profiles.Additionally, our approach is capable of using any sampling rate, even withfluctuations. The machine learning approach consists of different binarypatterns combined using conditional distributions. The simulation is evaluatedagainst publicly available real data using a squared error, and the detectorsare evaluated against state-of-the-art algorithms.
Non-minimum phase viscoelastic properties of soft biological tissues	2018	Understanding the visocoelastic properties of soft biological tissues isimportant for progress in the field of human healthcare. This study analyzesthe viscoelastic properties of soft biological tissues using a fractionaldynamics model. We conducted a dynamic viscoelastic test on several porcinesamples, namely liver, breast, and skeletal muscle tissues, using aplate--plate rheometer. We found that some soft biological tissues havenon-minimum phase properties; that is, the relationship between compliance andphase delay is not uniquely related to the non-integer derivative order in thefractional dynamics model. The experimental results show that the actual phasedelay is larger than that estimated from compliance. We propose a fractionaldynamics model with the fractional Hilbert transform to represent thesenon-minimum phase properties. The model and experimental results were highlycorrelated in terms of compliance and phase diagrams and complex mechanicalimpedance. We also show that the amount of additional phase delay, defined asthe increase in actual phase delay compared to that estimated from compliance,differs with tissue type.
Perfect Anomalous Refraction with Metagratings	2018	We present a methodology for designing metagratings for perfect anomalousrefraction, based on multilayered loaded wire arrays. In recent work, it hasbeen shown that such structures can implement perfect anomalous deflection andbeam splitting in \emph{reflect-mode}, using only a handful of subwavelengthmeta-atoms per (wavelength-scale) macro-period. Extending previous formulationsto enable manipulation of \emph{transmitted} fields as well, we deriveanalytical relations between the scattered fields, currents induced on thewires, and the individual load impedances, and enforce conditions thatguarantee elimination of spurious scattering while retaining a passive andlossless structure. Utilizing our recent results, we demonstrate how themultilayered metagratings can be realized using realistic printed-capacitorloads, whose geometry can be analytically resolved. Thus, this design scheme,which can be fully implemented in MATLAB, prescribes simple physicalstructures, achieving optimal anomalous refraction efficiency without requiringeven a single full-wave simulation. This paves the path for harnessing thisnovel concept for applications requiring control on transmitted diffractionmodes (e.g., lenses), taking advantage of an efficient and rigorous designscheme, and simplified structure.
Extracting Scientific Figures with Distantly Supervised Neural Networks	2018	Non-textual components such as charts, diagrams and tables provide keyinformation in many scientific documents, but the lack of large labeleddatasets has impeded the development of data-driven methods for scientificfigure extraction. In this paper, we induce high-quality training labels forthe task of figure extraction in a large number of scientific documents, withno human intervention. To accomplish this we leverage the auxiliary dataprovided in two large web collections of scientific documents (arXiv andPubMed) to locate figures and their associated captions in the rasterized PDF.We share the resulting dataset of over 5.5 million induced labels---4,000 timeslarger than the previous largest figure extraction dataset---with an averageprecision of 96.8%, to enable the development of modern data-driven methods forthis task. We use this dataset to train a deep neural network for end-to-endfigure detection, yielding a model that can be more easily extended to newdomains compared to previous work. The model was successfully deployed inSemantic Scholar, a large-scale academic search engine, and used to extractfigures in 13 million scientific documents.
A fully non-linear optimization approach to acousto-electric tomography	2018	This paper considers the non-linear inverse problem of reconstructing anelectric conductivity distribution from the interior power density in a boundeddomain. Applications include the novel tomographic method known asacousto-electric tomography, in which the measurement setup in ElectricalImpedance Tomography is modulated by ultrasonic waves thus giving rise to amethod potentially having both high contrast and high resolution. We formulatethe inverse problem as a regularized non-linear optimization problem, show theexistence of a minimizer, and derive optimality conditions. We propose anon-linear conjugate gradient scheme for finding a minimizer based on theoptimality conditions. All our numerical experiments are done intwo-dimensions. The experiments reveal new insight into the non-linear effectsin the reconstruction. One of the interesting features we observe is that,depending on the choice of regularization, there is a trade-off between highresolution and high contrast in the reconstructed images. Our proposednon-linear optimization framework can be generalized to other hybrid imagingmodalities.
Phase-sensitive imaging of microwave currents in superconductive  circuits	2018	The contemporary superconductive electronics is widely using planar circuitswith micrometer-scale elements for a variety of applications. With the rise ofcomplexity of a circuit and increased number of its components, a simpleimpedance measurement are often not efficient for diagnostics of problems, norfor clarifying the physics underlying the circuit response. The establishedScanning Laser Microscope (LSM) technique generates the micrometer-scale imagesof the amplitude of the microwave currents in a planar superconductive circuit,but not the phase of the oscillating currents. Here we present a novel, morepowerful type of LSM imaging containing the signal phase information. We employa fast optical modulator in order to synchronize the phase of the laserintensity oscillation with the phase of the probing microwave signal. The lossinduced in laser illuminated area strongly depends on the phase differencebetween the RF probing signal and the laser beam modulation. We explain thedetection principle of the phase sensitive LSM and experimentally demonstratethe capability of this method using superconductive microwave resonators. Thedescribed technique facilitates understanding of complex RF currentdistributions in superconductive circuits.
Coupling a superconducting quantum circuit to a phononic crystal defect  cavity	2018	Connecting nanoscale mechanical resonators to microwave quantum circuitsopens new avenues for storing, processing, and transmitting quantuminformation. In this work, we couple a phononic crystal cavity to a tunablesuperconducting quantum circuit. By fabricating a one-dimensional periodicpattern in a thin film of lithium niobate and introducing a defect in thisartificial lattice, we localize a 6 gigahertz acoustic resonance to awavelength-scale volume of less than one cubic micron. The strongpiezoelectricity of lithium niobate efficiently couples the localizedvibrations to the electric field of a widely tunable high-impedance Josephsonjunction array resonator. We measure a direct phonon-photon coupling rate$g/2\pi \approx 1.6 \, \mathrm{MHz}$ and a mechanical quality factor$Q_\mathrm{m} \approx 3 \times 10^4$ leading to a cooperativity $C\sim 4$ whenthe two modes are tuned into resonance. Our work has direct application toengineering hybrid quantum systems for microwave-to-optical conversion as wellas emerging architectures for quantum information processing.
Understanding Actors and Evaluating Personae with Gaussian Embeddings	2018	Understanding narrative content has become an increasingly popular topic.Nonetheless, research on identifying common types of narrative characters, orpersonae, is impeded by the lack of automatic and broad-coverage evaluationmethods. We argue that computationally modeling actors provides benefits,including novel evaluation mechanisms for personae. Specifically, we proposetwo actor-modeling tasks, cast prediction and versatility ranking, which cancapture complementary aspects of the relation between actors and the charactersthey portray. For an actor model, we present a technique for embedding actors,movies, character roles, genres, and descriptive keywords as Gaussiandistributions and translation vectors, where the Gaussian variance correspondsto actors' versatility. Empirical results indicate that (1) the techniqueconsiderably outperforms TransE (Bordes et al. 2013) and ablation baselines and(2) automatically identified persona topics (Bamman, O'Connor, and Smith 2013)yield statistically significant improvements in both tasks, whereas simplisticpersona descriptors including age and gender perform inconsistently, validatingprior research.
Ultrasensitive multi-mode ESR probed ferromagnetic two-level system of  $Mn^{4+}$ impurity ion in the insulated $MnO_6$ complex of $SrLaAlO_4$ at  $20~mK$	2018	Ultrasnsitive multi-mode electron spin resonance spectroscopy in the$SrLaAlO_4$ dielectric resonator at $20~mK$ reveals ferromagnetic states of$Mn^{4+}$ impurity ion. The formation of ferromagnetic states in the $MnO_6$complex implies to oxygen deficiency of this multi-valence $Mn^{4+}$ ion.Experiment results supports that an intricate electronic hybridization in$MnO_6$ structural instability is related to Pseudo Jahn-Teller effect.Measured dipolar hyperfine structure parameter of nucleus is$P_{\scriptscriptstyle\parallel} =-3.7\times 10^{-4}~cm^{-1}$. Mean inversethird power of the electron distance is $\langle r_q^{-3}\rangle=3.325~a.u.$assuming nuclear electric quadruple moment $Q=+0.33(1)~barn$. In such a state,giant g-factor is observed due to magneto (ferromagnetic) impedance taking into account a two-level system on the adiabatic-potential-energy-surface. Thespins exhibited parity is opposite in the interaction ofhighest-occupied-molecular-orbital and lowest-unoccupied-molecular-orbitalcoupling.
GRASP: a GReen energy Aware SDN Platform	2018	The transition to renewable energy sources for data centers has become apopular trend in the IT industry. However, the volatility of renewable energy,such as solar and wind power, impedes the operation of green data centers. Inthis work, we leverage Software Defined Networking (SDN) to build GRASP, aplatform that schedules job requests to distributed data centers according tothe amount of green energy available at each site. GRASP can be re-configuredwith different scheduling algorithms to address diverse factors such as amountsof instantly available solar power, wind power and CPU load of data centers. Weutilize realistic green energy datasets from National Solar Radiation Databaseand evaluate GRASP in the GENI testbed; in addition, we create necessary GENIartifacts to repeat our experiment. GRASP can serve as a practical platform totest various job scheduling mechanisms for distributed green data centers.
Theory of field emission	2018	A serious barrier impedes the comparison between the theoretical predictionand the experimental observation in field emission because there is no way tomeasure the emission area. We introduce three dimensionless variables$\mathcal{R}_{J}$, $\mathcal{S}$ and $\mathcal{D}$ to construct a formulationfor connecting directly the theoretical variables and experimental data withoutmeasuring the emission area. Based on this formulation we can analyze that thebehaviors of $\mathcal{R}_{J}$ $\mathcal{S}$ and $\mathcal{D}$ with thevoltages between the anode and the emitter to reveals the characteristics ofcurrent-voltage (I-V) curve and detect the physical properties of emitters.This formulation provides a way to understand the fundamental physics of I-Vcurve in field emission and to set up a map between the physical properties ofemitters and the experimental I-V curve.
Multi frequency matching for voltage waveform tailoring	2018	Customized voltage waveforms composed of a number of frequencies and used asthe excitation of radio-frequency plasmas can control various plasma parameterssuch as energy distribution functions, homogeneity of the ionflux or ionizationdynamics. So far this technology, while being extensively studied in academia,has yet to be established in applications. One reason for this is the lack of asuitable multi-frequency matching network that allows for maximum powerabsorption for each excitation frequency that is generated and transmitted viaa single broadband amplifier. In this work, a method is introduced fordesigning such a network based on network theory and synthesis. Using thismethod, a circuit simulation is established that connects an exemplary matchingnetwork to an equivalent circuit plasma model of a capacitive radio-frequencydischarge. It is found that for a range of gas pressures and number ofexcitation frequencies the matching conditions can be satisfied, which provesthe functionality and feasibility of the proposed concept. Based on theproposed multi-frequency impedance matching, tailored voltage waveforms can beused at an industrial level.
Contact gating at GHz frequency in graphene	2018	The paradigm of graphene transistors is based on the gate modulation of thechannel carrier density by means of a local channel gate. This standardarchitecture is subject to the scaling limit of the channel length and furtherrestrictions due to access and contact resistances impeding the deviceperformance. We propose a novel design, overcoming these issues by implementingadditional local gates underneath the contact region which allow a full controlof the Klein barrier taking place at the contact edge. In particular, our workdemonstrates the GHz operation of transistors driven by independent contactgates. We benchmark the standard channel and novel contact gating and reportfor the later dynamical transconductance levels at the state of the art. Ourfinding may find applications in electronics and optoelectronics whenever thereis need to control independently the Fermi level and the electrostaticpotential of electronic sources or to get rid of cumbersome local channelgates.
Statistical separation of weak gravitational lensing and intrinsic  ellipticities based on galaxy colour information	2018	Intrinsic alignments of galaxies are recognised as one of the most importantsystematic in weak lensing surveys on small angular scales. In this paper weinvestigate ellipticity correlation functions that are measured separately onelliptical and spiral galaxies, for which we assume the generic alignmentmechanisms based on tidal shearing and tidal torquing, respectively. Includingmorphological information allows to find linear combinations of measuredellipticity correlation functions which suppress the gravitational lensingsignal completely or which show a strongly boosted gravitational lensing signalrelative to intrinsic alignments. Specifically, we find that $(i)$ intrinsicalignment spectra can be measured in a model-independent way at a significanceof $\Sigma\simeq 60$ with a wide-angle tomographic survey such as Euclid's,$(ii)$ intrinsic alignment model parameters can be determined at percent-levelprecision, $(iii)$ this measurement is not impeded by misclassifying galaxiesand assuming a wrong alignment model, $(iv)$ parameter estimation from acleaned weak lensing spectrum is possible with almost no bias and $(v)$ themisclassification would not strongly impact parameter estimation from theboosted weak lensing spectrum.
Technology Capacity-Building Strategies for Increasing Participation &  Persistence in the STEM Workforce	2018	This research model uses an emancipatory approach to address challenges ofequity in the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) workforce.Serious concerns about low minority participation call for a rigorousevaluation of new pedagogical methods that effectively preparesunderrepresented groups for the increasingly digital world. The inability toachieve STEM workforce diversity goals is attributed to the failure of theacademic pipeline to maintain a steady flow of underrepresented minoritystudents. Formal curriculum frequently results in under-preparedness and aprofessional practices gap. Exacerbating lower performance are fragilecommunities where issues such as poverty, single-parent homes, incarceration,abuse, and homelessness disengage residents. Since data shows that moreminorities have computing and engineering degrees than work in the field, thisdiscussions explores how educational institutions can critically examine socialand political realities that impede STEM diversity while capturing culturalcues that identify personal barriers amongst underrepresented groups.
An Implementation of List Successive Cancellation Decoder with Large  List Size for Polar Codes	2018	Polar codes are the first class of forward error correction (FEC) codes witha provably capacity-achieving capability. Using list successive cancellationdecoding (LSCD) with a large list size, the error correction performance ofpolar codes exceeds other well-known FEC codes. However, the hardwarecomplexity of LSCD rapidly increases with the list size, which incurs highusage of the resources on the field programmable gate array (FPGA) andsignificantly impedes the practical deployment of polar codes. To alleviate thehigh complexity, in this paper, two low-complexity decoding schemes and thecorresponding architectures for LSCD targeting FPGA implementation areproposed. The architecture is implemented in an Altera Stratix V FPGA.Measurement results show that, even with a list size of 32, the architecture isable to decode a codeword of 4096-bit polar code within 150 us, achieving athroughput of 27Mbps
Avatar-Net: Multi-scale Zero-shot Style Transfer by Feature Decoration	2018	Zero-shot artistic style transfer is an important image synthesis problemaiming at transferring arbitrary style into content images. However, thetrade-off between the generalization and efficiency in existing methods impedesa high quality zero-shot style transfer in real-time. In this paper, we resolvethis dilemma and propose an efficient yet effective Avatar-Net that enablesvisually plausible multi-scale transfer for arbitrary style. The key ingredientof our method is a style decorator that makes up the content features bysemantically aligned style features from an arbitrary style image, which doesnot only holistically match their feature distributions but also preservedetailed style patterns in the decorated features. By embedding this moduleinto an image reconstruction network that fuses multi-scale style abstractions,the Avatar-Net renders multi-scale stylization for any style image in onefeed-forward pass. We demonstrate the state-of-the-art effectiveness andefficiency of the proposed method in generating high-quality stylized images,with a series of applications include multiple style integration, videostylization and etc.
Optimization of Dielectric Rod Antenna Design in Millimeter Wave Band  for Wireless Communications	2018	Dielectric rod antennas are promising candidates to be used in millimeterwave band wireless communications. The optimization of a patch-fed dielectricrod antenna design at millimeter wave band is presented in this work. Thisdesign is composed of simple dielectric rod antenna made of low cost Teflonwith relative permittivity of 2.1 that is fed by a rectangular patch antenna.Compared to the conventionally used tapered dielectric rod antennas, thisconfiguration is capable of producing higher gain for a given antenna length.The design is optimized to achieve gain up to 17.5 dBi and impedance bandwidthup to 4.4 GHz at 60 GHz. A 4-element array is proposed to increase the gain upto 21 dBi. Simulations are performed using CST microwave studio, and theirresults are presented.
A nonconforming Trefftz virtual element method for the Helmholtz problem	2018	We introduce a novel virtual element method (VEM) for the two dimensionalHelmholtz problem endowed with impedance boundary conditions. Localapproximation spaces consist of Trefftz functions, i.e., functions belonging tothe kernel of the Helmholtz operator. The global trial and test spaces are notfully discontinuous, but rather interelement continuity is imposed in anonconforming fashion. Although their functions are only implicitly defined, astypical of the VEM framework, they contain discontinuous subspaces made offunctions known in closed form and with good approximation properties (planewaves, in our case). We carry out an abstract error analysis of the method, andderive $h$-version error estimates. Moreover, we initiate its numericalinvestigation by presenting a first test, which demonstrates the theoreticalconvergence rates.
Study of Collective Effects in the FCC-ee Collider	2018	The Future Circular Collider (FCC) study aims at designing different optionsof a post-LHC collider. The high luminosity electron-positron collider FCC-eebased on the crab waist concept is considered as an intermediate step on theway towards FCC-hh, a 100 TeV hadron collider using the same tunnel of about100 km. Due to a high intensity of circulating beams the impact of collectiveeffects on FCC-ee performance has to be carefully analyzed. In this paper weevaluate beam coupling impedance of the FCC-ee vacuum chamber, estimatethresholds and rise times of eventual single- and multibunch beam instabilitiesand discuss possible measures to mitigate them.
MoMEMta, a modular toolkit for the Matrix Element Method at the LHC	2018	The Matrix Element Method has proven to be a powerful method to optimallyexploit the information available in detector data. Its widespread use isnevertheless impeded by its complexity and the associated computing time.MoMEMta, a C++ software package to compute the integrals at the core of themethod, provides a versatile implementation of the Matrix Element Method toboth the theory and experiment communities. Its modular structure covers theneeds of experimental analysis workflows at the LHC without compromising easeof use on simpler and smaller simulated samples used for phenomenologicalstudies. With respect to existing tools, MoMEMta improves on usability andflexibility. In this paper, we present version 1.0 of MoMEMta, together withexamples illustrating the wide range of applications at the LHC accessible forthe first time with a single tool.
Estimating probabilistic context-free grammars for proteins using  contact map constraints	2018	Learning language of protein sequences, which captures non-local interactionsbetween amino acids close in the spatial structure, is a long-standingbioinformatics challenge, which requires at least context-free grammars.However, complex character of protein interactions impedes unsupervisedlearning of context-free grammars. Using structural information to constrainthe syntactic trees proved effective in learning probabilistic natural and RNAlanguages. In this work, we establish a framework for learning probabilisticcontext-free grammars for protein sequences from syntactic trees partiallyconstrained using amino acid contacts obtained from wet experiments orcomputational predictions, whose reliability has substantially increasedrecently. Within the framework, we implement the maximum-likelihood andcontrastive estimators of parameters for simple yet practical grammars. Testedon samples of protein motifs, grammars developed within the framework showedimproved precision in recognition and higher fidelity to protein structures.The framework is applicable to other biomolecular languages and beyond whereverknowledge of non-local dependencies is available.
Cooperative Control of TCSC to Relieve the Stress of Cyber-physical  Power System	2018	This paper addresses the cooperative control problem of Thyristor-ControlledSeries Compensation (TCSC) to eliminate the stress of cyber-physical powersystem. The cyber-physical power system is composed of power network,protection and control center and communication network. A cooperative controlalgorithm of TCSC is developed to adjust the branch impedance and regulate thepower flow. To reduce computation burdens, an approximate method is adopted toestimate the Jacobian matrix for the generation of control signals. Inaddition, a performance index is introduced to quantify the stress level ofpower system. Theoretical analysis is conducted to guarantee the convergence ofperformance index when the proposed cooperative control algorithm isimplemented. Finally, numerical simulations are carried out to validate thecooperative control approach on IEEE 24 Bus Systems in uncertain environments.
Interaction-enhanced integer quantum Hall effect in disordered systems	2018	We study transport properties and topological phase transition intwo-dimensional interacting disordered systems. Within dynamical mean-fieldtheory, we derive the Hall conductance, which is quantized and serves as atopological invariant for insulators, even when the energy gap is closed bylocalized states. In the spinful Harper-Hofstadter-Hatsugai model, in thetrivial insulator regime, we find that the repulsive on-site interaction canassist weak disorder to induce the integer quantum Hall effect, while in thetopologically non-trivial regime, it impedes Anderson localization. Generally,the interaction broadens the regime of the topological phase in the disorderedsystem.
Reduction of microwave loss by mobile fluxons in grooved Nb films	2018	In the mixed state of type II superconductors penetrated by an externalmagnetic field in the form of a lattice of Abrikosov vortices the dc resistanceis known to increase with increasing velocity of the vortex lattice.Accordingly, vortex pinning sites impeding the vortex motion are widely used topreserve the low-dissipative response of the system. Here, while subjectingsuperconducting Nb films with nanogrooves to a combination of dc and ac currentstimuli and tuning the number of mobile and pinned vortices by varying themagnetic field around the so-called matching values, we observe a completelyopposite effect. Namely, the vortex-related microwave excess loss for mobilevortices becomes smaller than for pinned vortices in a certain range of powerlevels at ac current frequencies above 100\,MHz. While a theoreticaldescription of the observed effect is yet to be elaborated we interpret ourfindings in terms of a competition of the effective cooling of the system bythe quasiparticles leaving the vortex cores with the conventional Joule heatingcaused by the current flow.
Super-efficient temporal solitons in mutually coupled optical cavities	2018	A coherently driven Kerr optical cavity is able to convert a continuous-wavelaser to a sequence of ultrashort soliton pulses, enabling the generation ofbroadband and mode-locked frequency combs. Kerr cavity solitons are balancedthrough an energy exchange with the driving pump field. Improving the energyconversion efficiency from the pump to the soliton is of great significance forpractical applications, but remains an outstanding challenge due to a limitedtemporal overlap between the soliton and the pump. Here, we report thediscovery of temporal Kerr solitons in mutually coupled cavities instead of atraditional single cavity. We propose a strategy for breaking the limitation ofpump-to-soliton energy conversion, and connect the underlying mechanism toimpedance matching in radiofrequency electronic circuits. With macro opticalfiber ring cavities which share the same physical model as miniature opticalmicroresonators, we demonstrate nearly one-order improvement of the efficiency.The results pave the way towards super-efficient soliton microcombs based onoptical microresonators with ultra-high quality factors.
Novel ^3-Iodane Based Functionalization of Synthetic Carbon  Allotropes (SCAs) - Common Concepts and Quantification of the Degree of  Addition	2018	The covalent functionalization of carbon allotropes represents a main topicin the growing field of nano materials. However, the development of functionalarchitectures is impeded by the intrinsic polydispersibility of the respectivestarting material, the unequivocal characterization of the introducedfunctional moieties and the exact determination of the degree offunctionalization. Based on a novel carbon allotrope functionalizationreaction, utilizing {\lambda}^3-iodanes as radical precursor systems, we wereable to demonstrate the feasibility to separate and to quantify thermallydetached functional groups, formerly covalently linked to carbon nanotubes andgraphene via TG-GC/MS.
Optimal power series expansions of the Kohn-Sham potential	2018	A fundamental weakness of density functional theory (DFT) is the difficultyin making systematic improvements to approximations for the exchange andcorrelation functionals. In this paper, we follow a wave-function-basedapproach [N.I. Gidopoulos, Phys. Rev. A, 83, 040502 (2011)] to developperturbative expansions of the Kohn-Sham (KS) potential. Our method is notimpeded by the problem of variational collapse of the second-order correlationenergy functional. Arguing physically that a small magnitude of the correlationenergy implies weak perturbation and hence fast convergence of the perturbativeexpansion for the interacting state and for the KS potential, we discussseveral choices for the zeroth-order Hamiltonian in such expansions. Our firsttwo choices yield KS potentials containing only Hartree and exchange terms: theexchange-only optimized effective potential (xOEP), also known as theexact-exchange potential (EXX), and the Local Fock exchange (LFX) potential.Finally, we choose the zeroth order Hamiltonian that corresponds to minimummagnitude of the second order correlation energy, aiming to obtain at firstorder the most accurate approximation for the KS potential with Hartree,exchange and correlation character.
Light Field Denoising via Anisotropic Parallax Analysis in a CNN  Framework	2018	Light field (LF) cameras provide perspective information of scenes by takingdirectional measurements of the focusing light rays. The raw outputs areusually dark with additive camera noise, which impedes subsequent processingand applications. We propose a novel LF denoising framework based onanisotropic parallax analysis (APA). Two convolutional neural networks arejointly designed for the task: first, the structural parallax synthesis networkpredicts the parallax details for the entire LF based on a set of anisotropicparallax features. These novel features can efficiently capture the highfrequency perspective components of a LF from noisy observations. Second, theview-dependent detail compensation network restores non-Lambertian variation toeach LF view by involving view-specific spatial energies. Extensive experimentsshow that the proposed APA LF denoiser provides a much better denoisingperformance than state-of-the-art methods in terms of visual quality and inpreservation of parallax details.
Backpropagation for Implicit Spectral Densities	2018	Most successful machine intelligence systems rely on gradient-based learning,which is made possible by backpropagation. Some systems are designed to aid usin interpreting data when explicit goals cannot be provided. These unsupervisedsystems are commonly trained by backpropagating through a likelihood function.We introduce a tool that allows us to do this even when the likelihood is notexplicitly set, by instead using the implicit likelihood of the model.Explicitly defining the likelihood often entails making heavy-handedassumptions that impede our ability to solve challenging tasks. On the otherhand, the implicit likelihood of the model is accessible without the need forsuch assumptions. Our tool, which we call spectral backpropagation, allows usto optimize it in much greater generality than what has been attempted before.GANs can also be viewed as a technique for optimizing implicit likelihoods. Westudy them using spectral backpropagation in order to demonstrate robustnessfor high-dimensional problems, and identify two novel properties of thegenerator G: (1) there exist aberrant, nonsensical outputs to which G assignsvery high likelihood, and (2) the eigenvectors of the metric induced by G overlatent space correspond to quasi-disentangled explanatory factors.
Spark-MPI: Approaching the Fifth Paradigm of Cognitive Applications	2018	Over the past decade, the fourth paradigm of data-intensive science rapidlybecame a major driving concept of multiple application domains encompassing andgenerating large-scale devices such as light sources and cutting edgetelescopes. The success of data-intensive projects subsequently triggered thenext generation of machine learning approaches. These new artificialintelligent systems clearly represent a paradigm shift from data processingpipelines towards the fifth paradigm of composite cognitive applicationsrequiring the integration of Big Data processing platforms and HPCtechnologies. The paper addresses the existing impedance mismatch betweendata-intensive and compute-intensive ecosystems by presenting the Spark-MPIapproach based on the MPI Exascale Process Management Interface (PMIx). Theapproach is demonstrated within the context of hybrid MPI/GPU ptychographicimage reconstruction pipelines and distributed deep learning applications.
System Level Framework for Assessing the Accuracy of Neonatal EEG  Acquisition	2018	Significant research has been conducted in recent years to design low-costalternatives to the current EEG monitoring systems used in healthcarefacilities. Testing such systems on a vulnerable population such as newborns iscomplicated due to ethical and regulatory considerations that slow down thetechnical development. This paper presents and validates a method forquantifying the accuracy of neonatal EEG acquisition systems and electrodetechnologies via clinical data simulations that do not require neonatalparticipants. The proposed method uses an extensive neonatal EEG database tosimulate analogue signals, which are subsequently passed through electricalmodels of the skin-electrode interface, which are developed using wet and dryEEG electrode designs. The signal losses in the system are quantified at eachstage of the acquisition process for electrode and acquisition board losses.SNR, correlation and noise values were calculated. The results verify thatlow-cost EEG acquisition systems are capable of obtaining clinical grade EEG.Although dry electrodes result in a significant increase in the skin-electrodeimpedance, accurate EEG recordings are still achievable.
On critical dynamics and thermodynamic efficiency of urban  transformations	2018	Urban transformations within large and growing metropolitan areas oftengenerate critical dynamics affecting social interactions, transportconnectivity and income flow distribution. We develop a statistical-mechanicalmodel of urban transformations, exemplified for Greater Sydney, and derive athermodynamic description highlighting critical regimes. We consider urbandynamics at two time scales: fast dynamics for the distribution of populationand income, modelled via the maximum entropy principle, and slower dynamicsevolving the urban structure under spatially distributed competition. Weidentify phase transitions between dispersed and polycentric phases, induced byvarying the social disposition---a factor balancing the suburbs'attractiveness---in contrast with the travel impedance. Using the Fisherinformation we identify critical thresholds and quantify the thermodynamic costof urban transformation, as the minimal work required to vary the underlyingparameter. Finally, we introduce the notion of thermodynamic efficiency ofurban transformation, as the ratio of the order gained during a change to theamount of required work, showing that this measure is maximised at criticality.
Electronic properties of air-sensitive nanomaterials probed with  microwave impedance measurements	2018	Characterization of electronic properties of novel materials is of greatimportance for exploratory materials development and also for the discovery ofnew correlated phases. As several novel compounds are available in powder formonly, contactless methods, which also work on air sensitive samples, are higlydesired. We present that the microwave cavity perturbation technique is aversatile tool to study conductivity in such systems. The examples includestudies on semiconducting-metallic crossover in carbon nanotubes upon alkalidoping, study of vortex motion in the K$_3$C$_{60}$ superconductor, and thecharacterization of various alkali atom doped phases of black phosphorus.
Perturbations of Donoghue classes and inverse problems for L-systems	2018	We study linear perturbations of Donoghue classes of scalarHerglotz-Nevanlinna functions by a real parameter $Q$ and their representationsas impedance of conservative L-systems. Perturbation classes $\mathfrak M^Q$,$\mathfrak M^Q_\kappa$, $\mathfrak M^{-1,Q}_\kappa$ are introduced and for eachclass the realization theorem is stated and proved. We use a new approach thatleads to explicit new formulas describing the von Neumann parameter of the mainoperator of a realizing L-system and the unimodular one corresponding to aself-adjoint extension of the symmetric part of the main operator. The dynamicsof the presented formulas as functions of $Q$ is obtained. As a result, wesubstantially enhance the existing realization theorem for scalarHerglotz-Nevanlinna functions. In addition, we solve the inverse problem (withuniqueness condition) of recovering the perturbed L-system knowing theperturbation parameter $Q$ and the corresponding non-perturbed L-system.Resolvent formulas describing the resolvents of main operators of perturbedL-systems are presented. A concept of a unimodular transformation as well asconditions of transformability of one perturbed L-system into another one arediscussed. Examples that illustrate the obtained results are presented.
TMCI with Resonator Wakes	2018	Transverse mode-coupling instability (TMCI) with a high-frequency resonatorwake is examined by the Nested Head-Tail Vlasov solver (NHT), where a Gaussianbunch in a parabolic potential (GP model) is represented by concentric rings inthe longitudinal phase space. It is shown that multiple mode couplings anddecouplings make impossible an unambiguous definition of the threshold, unlessLandau damping is taken into account. To address this problem, instead of asingle instability threshold, an interval of thresholds is suggested, boundedby the low and high intensity ones. For the broadband impedance model, the highintensity threshold is shown to follow Zotter's scaling, but smaller by about afactor of two. The same scaling, this time smaller than Zotter's by a factor offour, is found for the ABS model (Air Bag Square well).
A Distributed Second-Order Algorithm You Can Trust	2018	Due to the rapid growth of data and computational resources, distributedoptimization has become an active research area in recent years. Whilefirst-order methods seem to dominate the field, second-order methods arenevertheless attractive as they potentially require fewer communication roundsto converge. However, there are significant drawbacks that impede their wideadoption, such as the computation and the communication of a large Hessianmatrix. In this paper we present a new algorithm for distributed training ofgeneralized linear models that only requires the computation of diagonal blocksof the Hessian matrix on the individual workers. To deal with this approximateinformation we propose an adaptive approach that - akin to trust-region methods- dynamically adapts the auxiliary model to compensate for modeling errors. Weprovide theoretical rates of convergence for a wide class of problems includingL1-regularized objectives. We also demonstrate that our approach achievesstate-of-the-art results on multiple large benchmark datasets.
Energy Efficient Tri-State CNFET Ternary Logic Gates	2018	Traditional silicon binary circuits continue to face challenges such as highleakage power dissipation and large area of interconnections. Multiple-ValuedLogic (MVL) and nano devices are two feasible solutions to overcome theseproblems. In this paper, a novel method is presented to design ternary logiccircuits based on Carbon Nanotube Field Effect Transistors (CNFETs). Theproposed designs use the unique properties of CNFETs, for example, adjustingthe Carbon Nanontube (CNT) diameters to have the desired threshold voltage andhave the same mobility of P-FET and N-FET transistors. Each of our designedlogic circuits implements a logic function and its complementary via a controlsignal. Also, these circuits have a high impedance state which saves powerwhile the circuits are not in use. In an effort to show a more detailedapplication of our approach, we design a 2-digit adder-subtractor circuit. Wesimulate the proposed ternary circuits using HSPICE via standard 32nm CNFETtechnology. The simulation results indicate the correct operation of thedesigns under different process, voltage and temperature (PVT) variations.Moreover, a power efficient ternary logic ALU has been design based on theproposed gates.
Automated Fact Checking: Task formulations, methods and future  directions	2018	The recently increased focus on misinformation has stimulated research infact checking, the task of assessing the truthfulness of a claim. Research inautomating this task has been conducted in a variety of disciplines includingnatural language processing, machine learning, knowledge representation,databases, and journalism. While there has been substantial progress, relevantpapers and articles have been published in research communities that are oftenunaware of each other and use inconsistent terminology, thus impedingunderstanding and further progress. In this paper we survey automated factchecking research stemming from natural language processing and relateddisciplines, unifying the task formulations and methodologies across papers andauthors. Furthermore, we highlight the use of evidence as an importantdistinguishing factor among them cutting across task formulations and methods.We conclude with proposing avenues for future NLP research on automated factchecking.
First Performance Results Of The PIP2IT MEBT 200 Ohm Kicker Prototype	2018	The PIP-II project is a program to upgrade the Fermilab accelerator complex.The PIP-II linac includes a 2.1 MeV Medium Energy Beam Transport (MEBT) sectionthat incorporates a unique chopping system to perform arbitrary, bunch-by-bunchremoval of 162.5 MHz structured beam. The MEBT chopping system will consist oftwo identical kickers working together and a beam absorber. One design of twohaving been proposed has been a 200 Ohm characteristic impedance traveling wavedual-helix kicker driven with custom designed high-speed switches. This paperreports on the first performance results of one prototype kicker built,installed and tested with beam at the PIP-II Injector Test (PIP2IT) facility.The helix deflector design details are discussed. The electrical performance ofthe high-speed switch driver operating at 500 V bias is presented. Testsperformed were chopping beam at 81.25 MHz for microseconds as well as with atruly arbitrary pattern for 550 $\mu$s bursts having a 45 MHz average switchingrate and repeating at 20 Hz.
Knowledge Compilation in Multi-Agent Epistemic Logics	2018	Epistemic logics are a primary formalism for multi-agent systems but majorreasoning tasks in such epistemic logics are intractable, which impedesapplications of multi-agent epistemic logics in automatic planning. Knowledgecompilation provides a promising way of resolving the intractability byidentifying expressive fragments of epistemic logics that are tractable forimportant reasoning tasks such as satisfiability and forgetting. The propertyof logical separability allows to decompose a formula into some of itssubformulas and thus modular algorithms for various reasoning tasks can bedeveloped. In this paper, by employing logical separability, we propose anapproach to knowledge compilation for the logic Kn by defining a normal formSDNF. Among several novel results, we show that every epistemic formula can beequivalently compiled into a formula in SDNF, major reasoning tasks in SDNF aretractable, and formulas in SDNF enjoy the logical separability. Our resultsshed some lights on modular approaches to knowledge compilation. Furthermore,we apply our results in the multi-agent epistemic planning. Finally, we extendthe above result to the logic K45n that is Kn extended by introspection axioms4 and 5.
Solar activity simulation and forecast with a flux-transport dynamo	2018	We present the assessment of a diffusion-dominated mean field axisymmetricdynamo model in reproducing historical solar activity and forecast for solarcycle 25. Previous studies point to the Sun's polar magnetic field as animportant proxy for solar activity prediction. Extended research using thisproxy has been impeded by reduced observational data record only available from1976. However, there is a recognised need for a solar dynamo model with ampleverification over various activity scenarios to improve theoretical standards.The present study aims to explore the use of helioseismology data andreconstructed solar polar magnetic field, to foster the development of robustsolar activity forecasts. The research is based on observationally inferreddifferential rotation morphology, as well as observed and reconstructed polarfield using artificial neural network methods via the hemispheric sunspot areasrecord. Results show consistent reproduction of historical solar activitytrends with enhanced results by introducing a precursor rise time coefficient.A weak solar cycle 25, with slow rise time and maximum activity $-14.4 \%$($\pm 19.5\%$) with respect to the current cycle 24 is predicted.
Microresonators fabricated from high-kinetic-inductance Aluminum films	2018	We have studied superconducting coplanar-waveguide (CPW) resonatorsfabricated from disordered (granular) films of Aluminum. Very high kineticinductance of these films, inherent to disordered materials, allows us toimplement ultra-short (200 $\mu$m at a 5GHz resonance frequency) andhigh-impedance (up to 5 k$\Omega$) half-wavelength resonators. We have shownthat the intrinsic losses in these resonators at temperatures $\lesssim 250$ mKare limited by resonator coupling to two-level systems in the environment. Thedemonstrated internal quality factors are comparable with those for CPWresonators made of conventional superconductors. High kinetic inductance andwell-understood losses make these disordered Aluminum resonators promising fora wide range of microwave applications which include kinetic inductance photondetectors and superconducting quantum circuits.
Quantum dynamics of a microwave resonator strongly coupled to a tunnel  junction	2018	We consider the coupling of a single mode microwave resonator to a tunneljunction whose contacts are at thermal equilibrium. We derive the quantummaster equation describing the evolution of the resonator field in the strongcoupling regime, where the characteristic impedance of the resonator is largerthan the quantum of resistance. We first study the case of anormal-insulator-normal junction and show that a dc driven single photon sourcecan be obtained. We then consider the case of a superconductor-insulator-normaland superconductor-insulator-superconductor junction. There, we show that theLamb shift induced by the junction gives rise to a nonlinear spectrum of theresonator even when the junction induced losses are negligible. We discuss theresulting dynamics and consider possible applications including quantum Zenodynamics and the realization of a qubit.
FHIRChain: Applying Blockchain to Securely and Scalably Share Clinical  Data	2018	"Secure and scalable data sharing is essential for collaborative clinicaldecision making. Conventional clinical data efforts are often siloed, however,which creates barriers to efficient information exchange and impedes effectivetreatment decision made for patients. This paper provides four contributions tothe study of applying blockchain technology to clinical data sharing in thecontext of technical requirements defined in the ""Shared NationwideInteroperability Roadmap"" from the Office of the National Coordinator forHealth Information Technology (ONC). First, we analyze the ONC requirements andtheir implications for blockchain-based systems. Second, we present FHIRChain,which is a blockchain-based architecture designed to meet ONC requirements byencapsulating the HL7 Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR)standard for shared clinical data. Third, we demonstrate a FHIRChain-baseddecentralized app using digital health identities to authenticate participantsin a case study of collaborative decision making for remote cancer care.Fourth, we highlight key lessons learned from our case study."
Phase-controlled Fourier-transform spectroscopy	2018	Fourier-transform spectroscopy (FTS) has been widely used as a standardanalytical technique over the past half-century. FTS is a simple and robustautocorrelation-based technique that is compatible with both temporallycoherent and incoherent light sources, which functions as an active or passivespectrometer. However, this technique has been mostly used for staticmeasurements due to the low scan rate imposed by technological restrictions.This has impeded its application to continuous rapid measurements, which wouldbe of significant interest for a variety of fields, especially when monitoringof non-repeating/transient complex dynamics is desirable. Here, we demonstratehighly efficient FTS operating at a high spectral acquisition rate with asimple delay line based on a dynamic phase-control technique. The independentadjustability of phase and group delays allows us to achieve theNyquist-limited spectral acquisition rate over 10,000 spectra per second, whilemaintaining a large spectral bandwidth and high resolution. In addition, wedemonstrate the ability of this passive spectrometer working with an incoherentlight source.
Smart Grid Monitoring Using Power Line Modems: Anomaly Detection and  Localization	2018	The main subject of this paper is the sensing of network anomalies that spanfrom harmless impedance changes at some network termination to more or lesspronounced electrical faults, considering also cable degradation over time. Inthis paper, we present how to harvest information about such anomalies indistribution grids using high frequency signals spanning from few kHz toseveral MHz. Given the wide bandwidth considered, we rely on power line modemsas network sensors. We firstly discuss the front-end architectures needed toperform the measurement and then introduce two algorithms to detect, classifyand locate the different kinds of network anomalies listed above. Simulationresults are finally presented. They validate the concept of sensing in smartgrids using power line modems and show the efficiency of the proposedalgorithms.
A Linear Strain Energy Function for Hyperelastic Transformation Method	2018	Hyperelastic transformation method provides a promising approach tomanipulate elastic waves by utilizing soft materials. However, no existingconstitutive model can rigorously achieve the requirement of such method. Inthis Letter, a linear strain energy function (SEF) which is valid for smalldeformation is proposed, which can be implemented to control the longitudinaland shear elastic waves simultaneously. In comparison with the neo-Hookean andthe semi-linear SEFs, the wave propagation and the impedance of pre-deformedlinear hyperelastic material are exploited. Numerical simulations are performedto validate the theoretical results. The investigation may pave the ways forthe design and realization of soft transformation devices.
The Effect of Hole Transporting Layer in Charge Accumulation Properties  of p-i-n Perovskite Solar Cells	2018	The charge accumulation properties of p-i-n perovskite solar cells wereinvestigated using three representative organic and inorganic hole transportinglayer (HTLs): a) Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate)(PEDOT:PSS, Al 4083), b) copper-doped nickel oxide (Cu:NiOx) and c) Copperoxide (CuO). Through impedance spectroscopy analysis and modelling it is shownthat charge accumulation is decreased in the HTL/Perovskite interface, betweenPEDOT:PSS to Cu:NiOx and CuO respectively. This was indicative from thedecrease in double layer capacitance (Cdl) and interfacial charge accumulationcapacitance (Cel), resulting in an increase to recombination resistance (Rrec),thus decreased charge recombination events between the three HTLs. Through AFMmeasurements it is also shown that the reduced recombination events (followedby the increase in Rrec) is also a result of increased grain size between thethree HTLs, thus reduction in the grain boundaries area. These chargeaccumulation properties of the three HTLs have resulted in an increase to thepower conversion efficiency between the PEDOT:PSS (8.44%), Cu:NiOx (11.45%) andCuO (15.3%)-based devices.
Long-lasting field-free alignment of large molecules inside helium  nanodroplets	2018	Molecules with their axes sharply confined in space, available throughlaser-induced alignment methods, are essential for many current experiments,including ultrafast molecular imaging. Most of these applications require boththat the aligning laser field is turned-off, to avoid undesired perturbations,and that the molecules remain aligned sufficiently long that reactions anddynamics can be mapped out. Presently, this is only possible for small, linearmolecules and for times less than 1 picosecond. Here, we demonstrate strong,field-free alignment of large molecules inside helium nanodroplets, lastingtens of picoseconds. Molecular alignment in either one or three dimensions iscreated by a slowly switched-on laser pulse, made field-free through rapidpulse truncation, and retained thanks to the impeding effect of the heliumenvironment on molecular rotation. We illustrate the opportunities thatfield-free aligned molecules open by measuring the alignment-dependentstrong-field ionization yield of a thiophene oligomer. Our technique willenable molecular-frame experiments, including ultrafast excited state dynamics,on a variety of large molecules and complexes.
Observation of Mixed Alkali Like Behaviour by Fluorine Ion in Mixed  Alkali Oxyfluro Vanadate Glasses: Analysis from Conductivity Measurements	2018	In this communication we report the fluorine ion dynamics in mixed alkalioxyfluro vanadate glasses. We have measured the electrical conductivity usingimpedance spectroscopy technique Room temperature conductivity falls to 5orders of magnitude from its single alkali values at 33 mol% of rubidiumconcentration. We have also estimated the distance between similar mobile ionsusing the density values. Assuming this distance as the hopping distancebetween the similar ions we have estimated the anionic (Fluorine ion in ourcase) conductivity. It is observed that the fluorine ion dynamics mimics themixed alkali effect and scales as the onset frequency f0.
Multi-refractive-index metamaterials based on subwavelength waveguide  arrays	2018	We demonstrate a metamaterial that cannot be described by a single set ofrefractive-index and impedance values, even for fixed frequency andpolarization. The metamaterial structure is a stack of dissimilar waveguideswith subwavelength width and spacing, which guide light at different phasevelocities. This multi-refractive-index metamaterial (MRIM) can be viewed as aspatial superposition of multiple homogeneous materials. Using full-wavesimulations, we demonstrate several optical components based on MRIMs,including prisms that deflect light to multiple angles, lenses with multiplefocal points, and multi-index Fabry-Perot etalons with an enhanced density ofresonant modes. We provide a theoretical framework for analyzing MRIMs todetermine effective refractive indices, fractions of power to each channel(i.e., to each refractive index), and transmittance.
Shape Synthesis Based on Topology Sensitivity	2018	A method evaluating the sensitivity of a given parameter to topologicalchanges is proposed within the method of moments paradigm. The basis functionsare used as degrees of freedom which, when compared to the classical pixelingtechnique, provide important advantages, one of them being impedance matrixinversion free evaluation of the sensitivity. The devised procedure utilizesport modes and their superposition which, together with only a singleevaluation of all matrix operators, leads to a computationally effectiveprocedure. The proposed method is approximately one hundred times faster thancontemporary approaches, which allows the investigation of the sensitivity andthe modification of shapes in real-time. The method is compared with knownapproaches and its validity and effectiveness is verified using a series ofexamples. The procedure can be implemented in up-to-date EM simulators in astraightforward manner. It is shown that the iterative repetition of thetopology sensitivity evaluation can be used for gradient-based topologysynthesis. This technique can also be employed as a local step in globaloptimizers.
Effect of an interstitial fluid on the dynamics of three-dimensional  granular media	2018	The propagation of mechanical energy in granular materials has beenintensively studied in recent years given the wide range of fields that haveprocesses related to this phenomena, from geology to impact mitigation andprotection of buildings and structures. In this paper, we experimentallyexplore the effect of an interstitial fluid on the dynamics of the propagationof a mechanical pulse in a granular packing under controlled confinementpressure. The experimental results reveal the occurrence of anelastohydrodynamic mechanism at the scale of the contacts between wetparticles. We describe our results in terms of an effective medium theory,including the presence of the viscous fluid. Finally, we study the nonlinearweakening of the granular packing as a function of the amplitude of the pulses.Our observations demonstrate that the softening of the material can be impededby adjusting the viscosity of the interstitial fluid above a threshold at whichthe elastohydrodynamic interaction overcomes the elastic repulsion due to theconfinement.
Ultra-Conformable Free-Standing Capacitors Based on Ultrathin Polyvinyl  Formal Films	2018	Conformable Electronics refers to a class of electronic devices that have theability to conformally adhere onto non-planar surfaces and materials, resultingparticularly appealing for skin applications, such as the case of skin-wornunobtrusive (bio)sensors for healthcare monitoring. Conformability can beaddressed by integrating basic electronic components on ultrathin polymericfilm substrates. Among other basic electronic components, capacitors arefundamental ones for energy storage, sensing, frequency tuning, impedanceadaptation and signal processing. In this work we present a novel approach forconformable capacitors based on a free-standing, ultrathin andultra-conformable nanosheets of poly (vinyl formal) (PVF), which serve both asstructural and dielectric component of the capacitor. A novel fabricationapproach is proposed and applied to fully free-standing ultrathin capacitorsfabrication, having an overall thickness as low as 200 nm; that represents, tothe best of our knowledge, the thinnest free-standing capacitors ever reported.Thanks to the ultra-low thickness, the proposed capacitors are able to sustainflexure to extremely small curvature radii (as low as 1.5 {\mu}m) and toconform to complex surfaces, such as a nylon mesh with micrometric texturewithout compromising their operation.
Mode-sum renormalization of $\langle^{2}\rangle$ for a quantum  scalar field inside a Schwarzschild black hole	2018	The full computation of the renormalized expectation values$\langle\Phi^{2}\rangle_{ren}$ and $\langle\hat{T}_{\mu\nu}\rangle_{ren}$ in 4Dblack hole interiors has been a long standing challenge, which has impeded theinvestigation of quantum effects on the internal structure of black holes fordecades. Employing a recently developed mode sum renormalization scheme tonumerically implement the point-splitting method, we report here the firstcomputation of $\langle\Phi^{2}\rangle_{ren}$ in Unruh state in the regioninside the event horizon of a 4D Schwarzschild black hole. We further presentits Hartle-Hawking counterpart, which we calculated using the same method, andobtain a fairly good agreement with previous results attained using an entirelydifferent method by Candelas and Jensen in 1986. Our results further agree uponapproaching the event horizon when compared with previous results calculatedoutside the black hole. Finally, the results we obtained for Hartle-Hawkingstate at the event horizon agree with previous analytical results published byCandelas in 1980. This work sets the stage for further explorations of$\langle\Phi^{2}\rangle_{ren}$ and $\langle\hat{T}_{\mu\nu}\rangle_{ren}$ in 4Dblack hole interiors.
The Deconfounded Recommender: A Causal Inference Approach to  Recommendation	2018	"The goal of recommendation is to show users items that they will like. Thoughusually framed as a prediction, the spirit of recommendation is to answer aninterventional question---for each user and movie, what would the rating be ifwe ""forced"" the user to watch the movie? To this end, we develop a causalapproach to recommendation, one where watching a movie is a ""treatment"" and auser's rating is an ""outcome."" The problem is there may be unobservedconfounders, variables that affect both which movies the users watch and howthey rate them; unobserved confounders impede causal predictions withobservational data. To solve this problem, we develop the deconfoundedrecommender, a way to use classical recommendation models for causalrecommendation. Following Wang & Blei [23], the deconfounded recommenderinvolves two probabilistic models. The first models which movies the userswatch; it provides a substitute for the unobserved confounders. The second onemodels how each user rates each movie; it employs the substitute to helpaccount for confounders. This two-stage approach removes bias due toconfounding. It improves recommendation and enjoys stable performance againstinterventions on test sets."
The variable quality of metadata about biological samples used in  biomedical experiments	2018	We present an analytical study of the quality of metadata about samples usedin biomedical experiments. The metadata under analysis are stored in twowell-known databases: BioSample---a repository managed by the National Centerfor Biotechnology Information (NCBI), and BioSamples---a repository managed bythe European Bioinformatics Institute (EBI). We tested whether 11.4M samplemetadata records in the two repositories are populated with values that fulfillthe stated requirements for such values. Our study revealed multiple anomaliesin the metadata. Most metadata field names and their values are notstandardized or controlled. Even simple binary or numeric fields are oftenpopulated with inadequate values of different data types. By clusteringmetadata field names, we discovered there are often many distinct ways torepresent the same aspect of a sample. Overall, the metadata we analyzed revealthat there is a lack of principled mechanisms to enforce and validate metadatarequirements. The significant aberrancies that we found in the metadata arelikely to impede search and secondary use of the associated datasets.
Microwave Conductivity of Ferroelectric Domains and Domain Walls in  Hexagonal Rare-earth Ferrite	2018	We report the nanoscale electrical imaging results in hexagonal$Lu_{0.6}Sc_{0.4}FeO_3$ single crystals using conductive atomic forcemicroscopy (C-AFM) and scanning microwave impedance microscopy (MIM). While thedc and ac response of the ferroelectric domains can be explained by the surfaceband bending, the drastic enhancement of domain wall (DW) ac conductivity isclearly dominated by the dielectric loss due to DW vibration rather thanmobile-carrier conduction. Our work provides a unified physical picture todescribe the local conductivity of ferroelectric domains and domain walls,which will be important for future incorporation of electrical conduction,structural dynamics, and multiferroicity into high-frequency nano-devices.
Symmetry deduction from spectral fluctuations in complex quantum systems	2018	The spectral fluctuations of complex quantum systems are known to beconsistent with that from random matrices, but only for desymmetrized spectra.This impedes the analysis of experimentally measured or computed spectra. Weshow that for a spectrum composed of k > 0 independent sequences, its k-thorder spacing ratio distribution is identical to its nearest neighborcounterpart with modified Dyson index $\beta$ = k. The fluctuation characterand symmetry structure of any arbitrary sequence of levels can be inferred fromits higher order fluctuations without desymmetrization. This is shown forrandom matrices and also verified using measured levels of Ta nucleus, quantumbilliards and spin chains.
Segmenting and Sequencing of Compliant Motions	2018	"This paper proposes an approach for segmenting a task consisting of compliantmotions into phases, learning a primitive for each segmented phase of the task,and reproducing the task by sequencing primitives online based on the learnedmodel. As compliant motions can ""probe"" the environment, using the interactionbetween the robot and the environment to detect phase transitions can make thetransitions less prone to positional errors. This intuition leads us to model atask with a non-homogeneous Hidden Markov Model (HMM), wherein hidden phasetransition probabilities depend on the interaction with the environment (wrenchmeasured by an F/T sensor). Expectation-maximization algorithm is employed inestimating the parameters of the HMM model. During reproduction, the phasechanges of a task are detected online using the forward algorithm, with theparameters learned from demonstrations. Cartesian impedance controllerparameters are learned from the demonstrations to reproduce each phase of thetask. The proposed approach is studied with a KUKA LWR4+ arm in two setups.Experiments show that the method can successfully segment and reproduce a taskconsisting of compliant motions with one or more demonstrations, even whendemonstrations do not have the same starting position and external forces occurfrom different directions. Finally, we demonstrate that the method can alsohandle rotational motions."
Software Professionals' Attitudes towards Video as a Medium in  Requirements Engineering	2018	In requirements engineering (RE), knowledge is mainly communicated viawritten specifications. This practice is cumbersome due to its lowcommunication richness and effectiveness. In contrast, videos can transferknowledge more richly and effectively. However, video is still a neglectedmedium in RE. We investigate if software professionals perceive video as amedium that can contribute to RE. We focus on their attitudes towards video asa medium in RE including its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats.We conducted a survey to explore these attitudes with a questionnaire. 64 outof 106 software professionals completed the survey. The respondents' overallattitude towards video is positive. 59 of them stated that video has thepotential to improve RE. However, 34 respondents also mentioned threats ofvideos for RE. We identified the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, andthreats of videos for RE from the point of view of software professionals.Video is a medium with a neglected potential. Software professionals do notfundamentally reject videos in RE. Despite the strengths and opportunities ofvideo, the stated weaknesses and threats impede its application. Based on ourfindings, we conclude that software professionals need guidance on how toproduce and use videos for visual communication to take full advantage of thecurrently neglected potential.
Level Attraction Due to Dissipative Magnon-Photon Coupling	2018	We report dissipative magnon-photon coupling caused by cavity Lenz effect,where the magnons in a magnet induce a rf current in the cavity, leading to acavity back action that impedes the magnetization dynamics. This effect isrevealed in our experiment as level attraction with a coalescence of hybridizedmagnon-photon modes, which is distinctly different from level repulsion withmode anticrossing caused by coherent magnon-photon coupling. We develop amethod to control the in- terpolation of coherent and dissipative magnon-photoncoupling, and observe a matching condition where the two effects cancel. Ourwork sheds light on the so-far hidden side of magnon-photon coupling, opening anew avenue for controlling and utilizing light-matter interactions.
The Inverse Grating Problem: Efficient Design of Anomalous Flexural Wave  Reflectors and Refractors	2018	We present an extensive formulation of the inverse grating problem for exuralwaves, in which the energy of each diffracted mode is selected and the gratingconfiguration is then obtained by solving a linear system of equations. Thegrating is designed as a lineal periodic repetition of a unit cell comprising acluster of resonators attached at points whose physical properties are directlyderived by inversion of a given matrix. Although both active and passiveattachments can be required in the most general case, it is possible to findconfigurations with only passive, i.e. damped, solutions. This inverse designapproach presents an alternative to the design of metasurfaces for exural wavesovercoming the limitations of gradient phase metasurfaces, which require acontinuous variation of the surface's impedance. When the grating is designedin such a way that all the energy is channeled to a single diffracted mode, itbehaves as an anomalous refractor or re ector. The negative refractor isanalyzed in depth, and it is shown that with only three scatterers per unitcell is it possible to build such a device with unitary efficiency.
A Bose-Einstein Condensate on a Synthetic Hall Cylinder	2018	"Interplay between matter and fields in physical spaces with nontrivialgeometries gives rise to many exotic quantum phenomena. However, theirrealizations are often impeded by experimental constraints. Here, we realize aBose-Einstein condensate (BEC) on a synthetic cylindrical surface subject to anet radial synthetic magnetic flux, topologically equivalent to atwo-dimensional (2D) Hall ribbon with two edges connected. This cylindricalsurface comprises a real spatial dimension and a curved synthetic dimensionformed by cyclically-coupled spin states. The BEC on such a Hall cylinder hascounterintuitive properties unattainable by its counterparts in 2D planes. Weobserve Bloch oscillations of the BEC with doubled periodicity of the bandstructure, analogous to traveling on a Mobi\""us strip, reflecting the BEC'semergent crystalline order with nonsymmorphic symmetry-protected bandcrossings. We further demonstrate such topological operations as gapping theband crossings and unzipping the cylinder. Our work opens the door toengineering synthetic curved spaces and observing intriguing quantum phenomenainherent to the topology of spaces."
Using liner surface modes in ducts to make obstacles reflectionless	2018	Acoustic cloaking for the suppression of backscattering inside ducts isproposed in the audible range where plane waves are curved around the objectusing the surface modes of the liner. It is numerically shown that a slowlyvarying resonant liner (e. g. based on an array of tubes) creates a zone ofsilence in which an object of arbitrary shape can be acoustically hidden for awide range of frequencies. And then, a resonant liner has deflecting propertieswithout reflection of the wavefront, which are close to an ideal invisibilitycloak. This kind of cloaking is effective in a wide frequency band and thecloaking band is a function of the impedance and height of the obstaclerelative to the conduit. For smooth shaped obstacles, there is an ability ofthe object to help hide itself, which increases the cloaking frequency band(self-cloaking). Dispersion effects lead to slow sounds and distortion of thewave phase.
Autonomous Quantum State Transfer by Dissipation Engineering	2018	Quantum state transfer from an information-carrying qubit to a receivingqubit is ubiquitous for quantum information technology. In a closed quantumsystem, this task requires precisely-timed control of coherent qubit-qubitinteractions that are intrinsically reciprocal. Here, breaking reciprocity bytailoring dissipation in an open system, we show that it is possible toautonomously transfer a quantum state between stationary qubits withouttime-dependent control. We present the general requirements for thisdirectional transfer process, and show that the minimum system dimension fortransferring one qubit of information is 3 $\times$ 2 (between one physicalqutrit and one physical qubit), plus one auxiliary reservoir. We proposerealistic implementations in present-day superconducting circuit QEDexperiments, and further propose schemes compatible with long-distance statetransfer using impedance-matched dissipation engineering.
Development of Novel Cathode Materials based on MWCNT for Energy  Storage/Conversion Devices	2018	Novel compound comprising of Li2FexMn(1-x)SiO4/MWCNT were prepared by usingSol-Gel technique. In this study, improved electrochemical properties areobserved by substituting Fe to replace Mn. and further multiwalled carbon nanotubes are used to prepare composite with prepared cathode material in Lithiumion battery and electrode materials in super capacitors. Variouscharacterization techniques like: FESEM, EDX confirms the structure, morphologyand texture of the material. Average particle size is found to be of order of20-30 nm. As particles with smaller size reveal better electricalconductivity/electrochemical properties, which are confirmed by A.C Impedencespectroscopy and cyclic voltammetery results.
A Cryptographic Escrow for Treaty Declarations and Step-by-Step  Verification	2018	The verification of arms-control and disarmament agreements requires statesto provide declarations, including information on sensitive military sites andassets. There are important cases, however, where negotiations of theseagreements are impeded because states are reluctant to provide any such data,because of concerns about prematurely handing over militarily significantinformation. To address this challenge, we present a cryptographic escrow thatallows a state to make a complete declaration of sites and assets at the outsetand commit to its content, but only reveal the sensitive information thereinsequentially. Combined with an inspection regime, our escrow allows forstep-by-step verification of the correctness and completeness of the initialdeclaration so that the information release and inspections keep pace withparallel diplomatic and political processes. We apply this approach to thepossible denuclearization of North Korea. Such approach can be applied,however, to any agreement requiring the sharing of sensitive information.
Imitating Human Search Strategies for Assembly	2018	We present a Learning from Demonstration method for teaching robots toperform search strategies imitated from humans in scenarios where alignmenttasks fail due to position uncertainty. The method utilizes humandemonstrations to learn both a state invariant dynamics model and anexploration distribution that captures the search area covered by thedemonstrator. We present two alternative algorithms for computing a searchtrajectory from the exploration distribution, one based on sampling and anotherbased on deterministic ergodic control. We augment the search trajectory withforces learnt through the dynamics model to enable searching both in force andposition domains. An impedance controller with superposed forces is used forreproducing the learnt strategy. We experimentally evaluate the method on aKUKA LWR4+ performing a 2D peg-in-hole and a 3D electricity socket task.Results show that the proposed method can, with only few human demonstrations,learn to complete the search task.
Active Damping of a DC Network with a Constant Power Load: An Adaptive  Passivity-based Control Approach	2018	This paper proposes a nonlinear, adaptive controller to increase thestability margin of a direct-current (DC) small-scale electrical networkcontaining a constant power load, whose value is unknown. Due to their negativeincremental impedance, constant power loads are known to reduce the effectivedamping of a network, leading to voltage oscillations and even to networkcollapse. To tackle this problem, we consider the incorporation of a controlledDC-DC power converter between the feeder and the constant power load. Thedesign of the control law for the converter is based on the use of standardPassivity-Based Control and Immersion and Invariance theories. The goodperformance of the controller is evaluated with numerical simulations.
Skeleton-to-Response: Dialogue Generation Guided by Retrieval Memory	2018	For dialogue response generation, traditional generative models generateresponses solely from input queries. Such models rely on insufficientinformation for generating a specific response since a certain query could beanswered in multiple ways. Consequentially, those models tend to output genericand dull responses, impeding the generation of informative utterances.Recently, researchers have attempted to fill the information gap by exploitinginformation retrieval techniques. When generating a response for a currentquery, similar dialogues retrieved from the entire training data are consideredas an additional knowledge source. While this may harvest massive information,the generative models could be overwhelmed, leading to undesirable performance.In this paper, we propose a new framework which exploits retrieval results viaa skeleton-then-response paradigm. At first, a skeleton is generated byrevising the retrieved responses. Then, a novel generative model uses both thegenerated skeleton and the original query for response generation. Experimentalresults show that our approaches significantly improve the diversity andinformativeness of the generated responses.
Low-Voltage Distribution Network Impedances Identification Based on  Smart Meter Data	2018	Under conditions of high penetration of renewables, the low-voltage (LV)distribution network needs to be carefully managed. In such a scenario, anaccurate real-time low-voltage power network model is an importantprerequisite, which opens up the possibility for application of many advancednetwork control and optimisation methods thus providing improved power flowbalancing, reduced maintenance costs, and enhanced reliability and security ofa grid. Smart meters serve as a source of information in LV networks and allowfor accurate measurements at almost every node, which makes it advantageous touse data driven methods. In this paper, we formulate a non-linear andnon-convex problem, solve it efficiently, and propose a number of fully smartmeter data driven methods for line parameters estimation. Our algorithms arefast, recursive in data, scale linearly with the number of nodes, and can beexecuted in a decentralised manner by running small algorithms inside eachsmart meter. The performance of these algorithms is demonstrated for differentmeasurement accuracy scenarios through simulations.
Surface Wave-Based Underwater Radio Communication	2018	An underwater portable radio antenna operating in the 50 MHz band andefficient for launching surface electromagnetic waves at the seawater/airinterface is presented. The antenna operation is based on the field enhancementat the antenna tip and on an impedance matching antenna enclosure, which isfilled with de-ionized water. This enclosure allows us to reduce antennadimensions and improve the coupling of electromagnetic energy to thesurrounding salt water medium. Since surface wave propagation length farexceeds the skin depth of conventional radio waves at the same frequency, thistechnique is useful for broadband underwater wireless communication overseveral meters distances.
Characterising equation of state and optical properties of dynamically  pre-compressed materials	2018	Characterising materials at pressures of several megabar and temperatures ofa few thousand Kelvin is critical for the understanding of the Warm DenseMatter regime and to improve planetary models as these conditions are typicalof planets' interiors. Today, laser-driven shock compression is the onlytechnique to achieve multimegabar pressures, but the associated temperaturesare too high to be representative of planetary states. Double-shock compressionrepresents an alternative to explore lower temperatures. Here we present amethod to create well-controlled double-shocked states and measure theirthermodynamic state and optical reflectivity using standard optical diagnostics(Doppler velocimetry and optical pyrometry) in a laser-driven shock experiment.This method, which does not require the support of hydrodynamical simulations,is based on the application of generalised Rankine-Hugoniot relations togetherwith a self impedance mismatch technique. A validation experiment has beenperformed at the LULI2000 facility (\'Ecole Polytechnique, France) on a sampleof $\alpha$-quartz. A temperature $60 \%$ lower than along the principalHugoniot has been obtained at 7.5 Mbar.
Chiral voltage propagation in a self-calibrated topolectrical Chern  circuit	2018	We propose an electric circuit array with topologically protecteduni-directional voltage modes at its boundary. Instead of external bias fieldsor floquet engineering, we employ negative impedance converters with currentinversion (INICs) to accomplish a non-reciprocal, time-reversal symmetry brokenelectronic network we call topolectrical Chern circuit (TCC). The TCC featuresan admittance bulk gap fully tunable via the resistors used in the INICs, alongwith a chiral voltage boundary mode reminiscent of the Berry flux monopolepresent in the admittance band structure. The active circuit elements in theTCC can be calibrated to compensate for dissipative loss.
Higher-order topological electric circuits and topological corner  resonance on the breathing Kagome and pyrochlore lattices	2018	Electric circuits are known to realize topological quadrupole insulators. Weexplore electric circuits made of capacitors and inductors forming thebreathing Kagome and pyrochlore lattices. They are known to possess threephases (trivial insulator, higher-order topological insulator and metallicphases) in the tight-binding model. The topological phase is characterized bythe emergence of zero-energy corner states. A topological phase transition isinduced by tuning continuously the capacitance, which is possible by usingvariable capacitors. It is found that the two-point impedance yields hugeresonance peaks when one node is taken at a corner in the topological phase. Itis a good signal to detect a topological phase transition. We also show thatthe topological corner resonance is robust against randomness of capacitanceand inductance. Furthermore, the size of electric circuits can be quite smallto realize the topological phase together with topological phase transitions.
Electrical property of Half Metallic Ferromagnet Pr0.95Mn0.939O3	2018	Half metallic ferromagnetic compounds (HMF) are intensively explored fortheir potential in spintronics application. According to theoretical studies,HMF are those materials where the conduction mechanism is due to one type ofspin state, either up or down. Band theory strongly predicts that Praseodymium(Pr) based transition metal compound (TMC) is HMF whose electrical propertiesare a consequence of the contribution from both the 4f and 3d orbitals of Prand TMC ions. Hence, an investigation has been made by preparingPr0.95Mn0.939O3 by ball milling assisted sintering process. The phaseconfirmation of the prepared compound is carried out using X-Ray diffractiontechnique. Impedance analysis with respect to temperature indicates adecreasing trend in electrical conductivity with respect to temperature,confirming the semiconductor behaviour of the sample. This may be due to theconsequence of the interaction of 4f and 3d orbitals of the rare-earth (Pr) andtransition metal compound (Manganese).
Rectification in mesoscopic AC-gated semiconductor devices	2018	We measure the rectified dc currents resulting when a 3-terminalsemiconductor device with gate-dependent conductance is driven with an ac gatevoltage. The rectified currents exhibit surprisingly complex behaviour as thedc source-drain bias voltage, the dc gate voltage and the amplitude of the acgate voltage are varied. We obtain good agreement between our data and a modelbased on simple assumptions about the stray impedances on the sample chip, overa wide frequency range. This method is applicable to many types of experimentwhich involve ac gating of a non-linear device, and where an undesireablerectified contribution to the measured signal is present. Finally, we evaluatethe small rectified currents flowing in tunable-barrier electron pumps operatedin the pinched-off regime. These currents are at most $10^{-12}$ of the pumpedcurrent for a pump current of 100 pA. This result is encouraging for thedevelopment of tunable-barrier pumps as metrological current standards.
Hole/Electron transport layers in tin-doped SBLN nano materials for  hybrid solar cells	2018	In this work, layered perovskite SBN was investigated in a new doped form forhole as well as electron transport layer (HTL/ETL) in perovskite solar cells.This work was targeted to conclude the effect of tin doping inlanthanum-bismuth layer SBN on optical energy band gap besides dominantelectron-hole transportation to assist in perovskite solar cell applications.Thoroughly hard ball-milled compositions Sr1-xSnxBi1.95La0.05Nb2O9 (x=0.0,0.01, 0.03, 0.05, 0.1 and 0.2) were prepared by special microwave synthesis toobtain fine (~10-60nm) mesoporous particle network of atomic levelsubstitutions. Microwave synthesis was crucial in modifying dielectric,semiconducting and optical characteristics of prepared SBN materials. The bandgap reduced in continuous manner and carrier mobility was increased by 112% formaximum tin doping. Nano particle formation assisted in raising carriermobility by bridging bigger grains through nano particles. The effect ofmacro-sized grains and nano-sized grain boundaries on carrier transport werefurther investigated in detail using impedance spectroscopy.
Reconciling Feature-Reuse and Overfitting in DenseNet with Specialized  Dropout	2018	Recently convolutional neural networks (CNNs) achieve great accuracy invisual recognition tasks. DenseNet becomes one of the most popular CNN modelsdue to its effectiveness in feature-reuse. However, like other CNN models,DenseNets also face overfitting problem if not severer. Existing dropout methodcan be applied but not as effective due to the introduced nonlinearconnections. In particular, the property of feature-reuse in DenseNet will beimpeded, and the dropout effect will be weakened by the spatial correlationinside feature maps. To address these problems, we craft the design of aspecialized dropout method from three aspects, dropout location, dropoutgranularity, and dropout probability. The insights attained here couldpotentially be applied as a general approach for boosting the accuracy of otherCNN models with similar nonlinear connections. Experimental results show thatDenseNets with our specialized dropout method yield better accuracy compared tovanilla DenseNet and state-of-the-art CNN models, and such accuracy boostincreases with the model depth.
Microstructural, vibrational, dielectric and ferroelectric properties  correlation in hot-pressed PbMg1/3Nb2/3O3 ceramics	2018	Microstrctural, vibrational, ferroelectric and dielectric propertiesinvestigation reveals non-stoichiometric chemical ordered regions (CORs) andrelaxor like dielectric characteristics in lead magnesium niobate (PMN)ceramics uniaxially hot pressed (HP) at 800 oC to 1200 oC. Occurance of (1/21/2 1/2) superlattice reflections along <111> in <110> zone axis SAED patternas well as the presence of bright nano-meter regions in correspondingdark-field images in 800 oC hot pressed PMN demonstrates formation of the CORsas soon as perovskite phase is formed during calcination and remains unaffectedwith HP sintering tempreature. Separation between two broad peaks of Nb-O-Nbstretching mode and the red-shift of O-B-O bending modes suggest an increase inthe polar nano-size regions. Grain size dependence of the em and shifting ofthe Tm from 278 K to 263 K is explained by the core-shell model. Polarizationswitching and impedance spectroscopy is observed to be consistent with thegrain size analysis.
A Learning-based Power Management for Networked Microgrids Under  Incomplete Information	2018	This paper presents an approximate Reinforcement Learning (RL) methodologyfor bi-level power management of networked Microgrids (MG) in electricdistribution systems. In practice, the cooperative agent can have limited or noknowledge of the MG asset behavior and detailed models behind the Point ofCommon Coupling (PCC). This makes the distribution systems unobservable andimpedes conventional optimization solutions for the constrained MG powermanagement problem. To tackle this challenge, we have proposed a bi-level RLframework in a price-based environment. At the higher level, a cooperativeagent performs function approximation to predict the behavior of entities underincomplete information of MG parametric models; while at the lower level, eachMG provides power-flow-constrained optimal response to price signals. Thefunction approximation scheme is then used within an adaptive RL framework tooptimize the price signal as the system load and solar generation change overtime. Numerical experiments have verified that, compared to previous works inthe literature, the proposed privacy-preserving learning model has betteradaptability and enhanced computational speed.
Improving the performance of Ge$_2$Sb$_2$Te$_5$ materials via nickel  doping: Towards RF-compatible phase-change devices	2018	High-speed electrical switching of Ge2Sb2Te5 (GST) remains a challenging taskdue to the large impedance mismatch between the low-conductivity amorphousstate and the high-conductivity crystalline state. In this letter, wedemonstrate an effective doping scheme using nickel to reduce the resistivitycontrast between the amorphous and crystalline states by nearly three orders ofmagnitude. Most importantly, our results show that doping produces the desiredelectrical performance without adversely affecting the film's opticalproperties. The nickel doping level is approximately 2% and the latticestructure remains nearly unchanged when compared with undoped-GST. Therefractive indices at amorphous and crystalline states were obtained usingellipsometry which echoes the results from XRD. The material's thermaltransport properties are measured using time-domain thermoreflectance (TDTR),showing no change upon doping. The advantages of this doping system will openup new opportunities for designing electrically reconfigurable high speedoptical elements in the near-infrared spectrum.
A Broadband Cavity-Backed Slot Radiating Element in Transmission  Configuration	2018	A planar technology stripline-fed slot radiating element in transmissionconfiguration is proposed. Its main advantages are the broad impedancebandwidth achieved and the property that it only radiates into half-space,which are obtained, respectively, with the use of its complementary stripelement and using a cavity-backed slot. A lattice network circuit model isproposed both to explain the behavior of the structure and to establish adesign methodology. Its capabilities are shown through simulation anddemonstrated in a proof of concept prototype. Measurement results show aunidirectional broadside radiation pattern and a fractional bandwidth of 48%,significantly superior to other slot-based radiating elements found in theliterature. The element has the ideal characteristics for building series-fedreconfigurable arrays for wide-band applications.
Bounded Collision Force by the Sobolev Norm	2018	A robot making contact with an environment or human presents potential safetyrisks, including excessive collision force. While experiments on the effect ofrobot inertia, relative velocity, and interface stiffness on collision are inliterature, analytical models for maximum collision force are limited to asimplified mass-spring robot model. This simplified model limits the analysisof control (force/torque, impedance, or admittance) or compliant robots (jointand end-effector compliance). Here, the Sobolev norm is adapted to be a systemnorm, giving rigorous bounds on the maximum force on a stiffness element in ageneral dynamic system, allowing the study of collision with more accuratemodels and feedback control. The Sobolev norm can be found through the$\mathcal{H}_2$ norm of a transformed system, allowing efficient computation,connection with existing control theory, and controller synthesis to minimizecollision force. The Sobolev norm is validated, first experimentally with anadmittance-controlled robot, then in simulation with a linear flexible-jointrobot. It is then used to investigate the impact of control, joint flexibilityand end-effector compliance on collision, and a trade-off between collisionperformance and environmental estimation uncertainty is shown.
Non-Hermitian higher-order topological states in nonreciprocal and  reciprocal systems with their electric-circuit realization	2018	A prominent feature of some one-dimensional non-Hermitian systems is that allright-eigenstates of the non-Hermitian Hamiltonian are localized in one end ofthe chain. The topological and trivial phases are distinguished by theemergence of zero-energy modes within the skin states in the presence of thechiral symmetry. Skin states are formed when the system is nonreciprocal, whereit is said nonreciprocal if the absolute values of the right- and left-goinghoppings amplitudes are different. Indeed, the zero-energy edge modes emerge atboth edges in the topological phase of the reciprocal non-Hermitian system.Then, analyzing higher-order topological insulators in nonreciprocal systems,we find the emergence of topological zero-energy modes within the skin statesformed in the vicinity of one corner. Explicitly we explore the anisotropichoneycomb model in two dimensions and the diamond lattice model in threedimensions. We also study an electric-circuit realization of these systems.Electrical circuits with (without) diodes realize the nonreciprocal(reciprocal) non-Hermitian topological systems. Topological phase transitionsare observable by measuring the impedance resonance due to zero-admittancetopological corner modes.
The Origin of Magnetism in White Dwarfs	2018	The absence of magnetic white dwarfs with a non-degenerate low-mass stellarcompanion in a wide binary is still very intriguing and at odds with thehypothesis that magnetic white dwarfs are the progenies of the magneticallypeculiar Ap/Bp stars. On the other hand, we cannot resort to a process thatimpedes the generation of a strong magnetic field in the main or pre-mainsequence progenitors of white dwarfs if they are in a multiple stellar system,because such a process would also prevent the formation of magnetic cataclysmicvariables consisting of a magnetic white dwarf accreting mass from a low-masscompanion. This is the reason why it has been proposed that fields in whitedwarfs may be linked to their binarity and are generated through a dynamomechanism during common envelope evolution.
Effect of Graded Bias Voltage on the Microstructure of arc-PVD CrN Films  and its Response in Electrochemical & Mechanical Behavior	2018	The effect of graded or constant bias voltages (-40 V, -80 V and -40/60/80 V)on size grain and surface defects of arc PVD deposited CrN films wasinvestigated. Corrosion resistance evaluated using electrochemical impedancespectroscopy (EIS) and potentiodynamic curves (Tafel) and the mechanicalbehavior evaluated by means of instrumented nanoindentation and scratch testingwas correlated with the microstructural changes. It was found that the biasvoltage variation affects corrosion behavior due to the presence of defects(i.e. open voids, droplets) which also affects the failure mechanisms andincreasing spallation. High bias voltage (-80 V) increases nano-hardness andthe elastic modulus due to the dense microstructure of the CrN coating.
Interference effects of deleterious and beneficial mutations in large  asexual populations	2018	Linked beneficial and deleterious mutations are known to decrease thefixation probability of a favorable mutation in large asexual populations.While the hindering effect of strongly deleterious mutations on adaptiveevolution has been well studied, how weak deleterious mutations, either inisolation or with superior beneficial mutations, influence the fixation of abeneficial mutation has not been fully explored. Here, using a multitypebranching process, we obtain an accurate analytical expression for the fixationprobability when deleterious effects are weak, and exploit this result alongwith the clonal interference theory to investigate the joint effect of linkedbeneficial and deleterious mutations on the rate of adaptation. We find thatwhen the mutation rate is increased beyond the beneficial fitness effect, thefixation probability of the beneficial mutant decreases from Haldane'sclassical result towards zero. This has the consequence that above a criticalmutation rate that may depend on the population size, the adaptation ratedecreases exponentially with the mutation rate and is independent of thepopulation size. In addition, we find that for a range of mutation rates, bothbeneficial and deleterious mutations interfere and impede the adaptationprocess in large populations. We also study the evolution of mutation rates inadapting asexual populations, and conclude that linked beneficial mutationshave a stronger influence on mutator fixation than the deleterious mutations.
Canonical circuit quantization with linear nonreciprocal devices	2018	Nonreciprocal devices effectively mimic the breaking of time-reversalsymmetry for the subspace of dynamical variables that they couple, and can beused to create chiral information processing networks. We study the systematicinclusion of ideal gyrators and circulators into Lagrangian and Hamiltoniandescriptions of lumped-element electrical networks. The proposed theory is ofwide applicability in general nonreciprocal networks on the quantum regime. Weapply it to pedagogical and pathological examples of circuits containingJosephson junctions and ideal nonreciprocal elements described by admittancematrices, and compare it with the more involved treatment of circuits based onnonreciprocal devices characterized by impedance or scattering matrices.Finally, we discuss the dual quantization of circuits containing phase-slipjunctions and nonreciprocal devices.
Influence of Side Chain Isomerism on the Rigidity of  Poly(3-alkylthiophenes) in Solutions Revealed by Neutron Scattering	2018	Using small angle neutron scattering, we conducted a detailed structuralstudy of poly(3-alkylthiophenes) dispersed in deuterated dicholorbenzene. Thefocus was placed on addressing the influence of spatial arrangement ofconstituent atoms of side chain on backbone conformation. We demonstrate thatby impeding the {\pi}- {\pi} interactions, the branch point in side chainpromotes torsional motion between backbone units and results in greater chainflexibility. Our findings highlight the key role of topological isomerism indetermining the molecular rigidity and are relevant to the current debate aboutthe condition necessary for optimizing the electronic properties of conductingpolymers via side chain engineering.
Impedance spectroscopy studies on lead free  Ba$_{1-x}$Mg$_x$(Ti0$_{.9}$Zr$_{0.1}$)O$_3$ ceramics	2018	Ba1-xMgx(Ti0.9Zr0.1)O3(x= 0.01 and 0.02) ceramics were prepared using theconventional solid state reaction. Rietveld refinement performed on X-raydiffraction patterns indicates that the samples are tetragonal crystalstructure with P4mm space group. By increasing Mg content from 1 to 2% the unitcell volume decreased. Likewise, the grains size is greatly reduced from 10 to4 micrometer. The temperature dependence of dielectric constants at differentfrequencies exhibited typical relaxor ferroelectric characteristic, withsensitive dependence in frequency and temperature for ac conductivity. Theobtained activation energy values were correlated to the proposed conductionmechanisms.
Convolutional Neural Network Pruning to Accelerate Membrane Segmentation  in Electron Microscopy	2018	Biological membranes are one of the most basic structures and regions ofinterest in cell biology. In the study of membranes, segment extraction is awell-known and difficult problem because of impeding noise, directional andthickness variability, etc. Recent advances in electron microscopy membranesegmentation are able to cope with such difficulties by training convolutionalneural networks. However, because of the massive amount of features that haveto be extracted while propagating forward, the practical usability diminishes,even with state-of-the-art GPU's. A significant part of these network featurestypically contains redundancy through correlation and sparsity. In this work,we propose a pruning method for convolutional neural networks that ensures thetraining loss increase is minimized. We show that the pruned networks, afterretraining, are more efficient in terms of time and memory, withoutsignificantly affecting the network accuracy. This way, we manage to obtainreal-time membrane segmentation performance, for our specific electronmicroscopy setup.
Thermoelectric generator at optimal power with external and internal  irreversibilities	2018	There are few exact results on optimal power conditions for a thermoelectricgenerator in the presence of both external and internalirreversibilities---modelled as non-ideal thermal contacts and Joule heating,respectively. Simplified cases, where only one kind of irreversibility isassumed, yield some well-known expressions for efficiency at maximum power(EMP), such as Curzon-Ahlborn efficiency for endoreversible model. In thiswork, we analyze situations under the simultaneous presence of internal andexternal irreversibilities. To simplify, we neglect heat leaks, and each kindof irreversibility is assumed only on the side of one of the thermal contacts.We also present the symmetric case---where each kind of irreversibilitycontributes with equal strengths towards the side of each thermal contact. Weshow the bounds satisfied by EMP in each of these regimes and compare itsproperties for thermal impedence matching and close to equilibrium, where wefind step-wise changes in EMP.
Mechanochemical Synthesis of the Lead-Free Double Perovskite  Cs2[AgIn]Br6 and its Optical Properties	2018	Hitting hard on the binary halides yields in the formation of Cs2[AgIn]Br6.The lead-free double perovskite marks, although not usable itself, a furtherstep forward in finding sustainable and durable perovskite materials forphotovoltaic applications. Cs2[AgIn]Br6 is one of the prominent examples ofdouble perovskites materials that have been suggested to circumvent the use oflead compounds in perovskite solar cells. We herein report the successfulsynthesis of the material using a mechanochemical approach. It crystallizes inan elpasolite-type structure, an ordered perovskite superstructure, with a cellparameter of a = 11.00 {\AA}. However, the compound exhibits a relatively largeoptical bandgap of 2.36 eV and is unstable under illumination, which impedesits use as solar absorber material at this early stage. Still, substitution oflead and the potential of this synthesis method are promising as well as thefruitful combination of theoretical considerations with experimental materialsdiscovery.
A comparison of encodings for cardinality constraints in a SAT solver	2018	Cardinality constraints are important in many Sat problems; previous studiesprovide contradictory conclusions about the best encoding to use. Here, threeencodings are compared: Sinz's sequential-counter, Bailleux and Boufkhad'stree-based, and Ab\'{\i}o and coworkers' sort-based approaches. Thesequential-counter approach is found to be the fastest of these for a range ofrelated, combinatorial test cases. All encodings permit multiple solutions inthe auxiliary variables for a single solution to the main variables; thenumbers of multiple solutions can be very large, and might impede a Sat solver.Variants of the encodings are developed, where extra clauses reduce the numbersof multiple solutions. These variants are found to have remarkably littleeffect on solution time, even when the number of clauses is approximatelydoubled. The results accentuate the well-known observation that clause countand other measures of encoding size are not reliable indicators of thedifficulty of a Sat problem.
Expander Datacenters: From Theory to Practice	2018	Recent work has shown that expander-based data center topologies are robustand can yield superior performance over Clos topologies. However, to achievethese benefits, previous proposals use routing and transport schemes thatimpede quick industry adoption. In this paper, we examine if expanders can beeffective for the technology and environments practical in today's datacenters, including the use of traditional protocols, at both small and largescale while complying with common practices such as over-subscription. We studybandwidth, latency and burst tolerance of topologies, highlighting pitfalls ofprevious topology comparisons. We consider several other metrics of interest:packet loss during failures, queue occupancy and topology degradation. Ourexperiments show that expanders can realize 3x more throughput than anequivalent fat tree, and 1.5x more throughput than an equivalent leaf-spinetopology, for a wide range of scenarios, with only traditional protocols. Weobserve that expanders achieve lower flow completion times, are more resilientto bursty load conditions like incast and outcast and degrade more gracefullywith increasing load. Our results are based on extensive simulations andexperiments on a hardware testbed with realistic topologies and real trafficpatterns.
Vehicle Tracking Using Surveillance with Multimodal Data Fusion	2018	Vehicle location prediction or vehicle tracking is a significant topic withinconnected vehicles. This task, however, is difficult if only a single modaldata is available, probably causing bias and impeding the accuracy. With thedevelopment of sensor networks in connected vehicles, multimodal data arebecoming accessible. Therefore, we propose a framework for vehicle trackingwith multimodal data fusion. Specifically, we fuse the results of twomodalities, images and velocity, in our vehicle-tracking task. Images, beingprocessed in the module of vehicle detection, provide direct information aboutthe features of vehicles, whereas velocity estimation can further evaluate thepossible location of the target vehicles, which reduces the number of featuresbeing compared, and decreases the time consumption and computational cost.Vehicle detection is designed with a color-faster R-CNN, which takes both theshape and color of the vehicles into consideration. Meanwhile, velocityestimation is through the Kalman filter, which is a classical method fortracking. Finally, a multimodal data fusion method is applied to integratethese outcomes so that vehicle-tracking tasks can be achieved. Experimentalresults suggest the efficiency of our methods, which can track vehicles using aseries of surveillance cameras in urban areas.
Acoustic scattering from a fluid cylinder with Willis constitutive  properties	2018	A material that exhibits Willis coupling has constitutive equations thatcouple the pressure-strain and momentum-velocity relationships. This couplingarises from subwavelength asymmetry and non-locality in heterogeneous media.This paper considers the problem of the scattering of a plane wave by acylinder exhibiting Willis coupling using both analytical and numericalapproaches. First, a perturbation method is used to describe the influence ofWillis coupling on the scattered field to a first-order approximation. Ahigher-order analysis of the scattering based on generalized impedances is thenderived. Finally, a finite element method-based numerical scheme forcalculating the the scattered field is presented. These three analyses arecompared and show strong agreement for low to moderate levels of Williscoupling.
Performance Comparison of Contemporary DNN Watermarking Techniques	2018	DNNs shall be considered as the intellectual property (IP) of the modelbuilder due to the impeding cost of designing/training a highly accurate model.Research attempts have been made to protect the authorship of the trained modeland prevent IP infringement using DNN watermarking techniques. In this paper,we provide a comprehensive performance comparison of the state-of-the-art DNNwatermarking methodologies according to the essential requisites for aneffective watermarking technique. We identify the pros and cons of each schemeand provide insights into the underlying rationale. Empirical resultscorroborate that DeepSigns framework proposed in [4] has the best overallperformance in terms of the evaluation metrics. Our comparison facilitates thedevelopment of pending watermarking approaches and enables the model owner todeploy the watermarking scheme that satisfying her requirements.
Robust, Compliant Assembly via Optimal Belief Space Planning	2018	In automated manufacturing, robots must reliably assemble parts of variousgeometries and low tolerances. Ideally, they plan the required motionsautonomously. This poses a substantial challenge due to high-dimensional statespaces and non-linear contact-dynamics. Furthermore, object poses and modelparameters, such as friction, are not exactly known and a source ofuncertainty. The method proposed in this paper models the task of partsassembly as a belief space planning problem over an underlyingimpedance-controlled, compliant system. To solve this planning problem weintroduce an asymptotically optimal belief space planner by extending anoptimal, randomized, kinodynamic motion planner to non-deterministic domains.Under an expansiveness assumption we establish probabilistic completeness andasymptotic optimality. We validate our approach in thorough, simulated andreal-world experiments of multiple assembly tasks. The experiments demonstrateour planner's ability to reliably assemble objects, solely based on CAD modelsas input.
Toward Autonomous Rotation-Aware Unmanned Aerial Grasping	2018	Autonomous Unmanned Aerial Manipulators (UAMs) have shown promisingpotentials to transform passive sensing missions into active 3-dimensioninteractive missions, but they still suffer from some difficulties impedingtheir wide applications, such as target detection and stabilization. Thisletter presents a vision-based autonomous UAM with a 3DoF robotic arm forrotational grasping, with a compensation on displacement for center of gravity.First, the hardware, software architecture and state estimation methods aredetailed. All the mechanical designs are fully provided as open-source hardwarefor the reuse by the community. Then, we analyze the flow distributiongenerated by rotors and plan the robotic arm's motion based on this analysis.Next, a novel detection approach called Rotation-SqueezeDet is proposed toenable rotation-aware grasping, which can give the target position and rotationangle in near real-time on Jetson TX2. Finally, the effectiveness of theproposed scheme is validated in multiple experimental trials, highlighting it'sapplicability of autonomous aerial grasping in GPS-denied environments.
Magnetic Fields on the Flare Star Trappist-1: Consequences for Radius  Inflation and Planetary Habitability	2018	We construct evolutionary models of Trappist-1 in which magnetic fieldsimpede the onset of convection according to a physics-based criterion. In themodels that best fit all observational constraints, the photospheric fields inTr-1 are found to be in the range 1450-1700 G. These are weaker by a factor ofabout 2 than the fields we obtained in previous magnetic models of two othercool dwarfs (GJ65A/B). Our results suggest that Tr-1 possesses a globalpoloidal field which is some one hundred times stronger than in the Sun. In thecontext of exoplanets in orbit around Tr-1, the strong poloidal fields on thestar may help to protect the planets from the potentially destructive effectsof coronal mass ejections. This, in combination with previous arguments aboutbeneficial effects of flare photons in ultraviolet and visible portions of thespectrum, suggests that conditions on Tr-1 are not necessarily harmful to lifeon a planet in the habitable zone of Tr-1.
Opening the Doors to Dynamic Camouflaging: Harnessing the Power of  Polymorphic Devices	2018	Hardware-centric security threats have emerged in every stage of the ICsupply chain. Prior defenses have been developed to protect againstintellectual property (IP) piracy at different stages. However, so far onlylogic locking can protect the IP end to end. We present dynamic camouflaging tothwart IP reverse engineering at all stages in the supply chain. We exploit themulti-functionality, post-fabrication reconfigurability, and run-timepolymorphism of spin-based devices, specifically the magneto-electricspin-orbit (MESO) device. Leveraging these properties, dynamic camouflaging isresilient to state-of-the-art attacks such as SAT, approximate SAT (AppSAT) andHackTest, and can further impede side-channel analysis. For MESO-basedfull-chip dynamic camouflaging we anticipate massive improvements in power(7,400x), performance (5.9x), and area (73x) over spin- and CMOS-basedcamouflaging. We outline the prospects of dynamic camouflaging forerror-tolerant image processing applications.
Regularizing a linearized EIT reconstruction method using a sensitivity  based factorization method	2018	For electrical impedance tomography (EIT), most practical reconstructionmethods are based on linearizing the underlying non-linear inverse problem.Recently, it has been shown that the linearized problem still contains theexact shape information. However, the stable reconstruction of shapeinformation from measurements of finite accuracy on a limited number ofelectrodes remains a challenge.  In this work we propose to regularize the standard linearized reconstructionmethod (LM) for EIT using a non-iterative shape reconstruction method (thefactorization method). Our main tool is a discrete sensitivity-based variant ofthe factorization method (herein called S-FM) which allows us to formulate andcombine both methods in terms of the sensitivity matrix. We give a heuristicmotivation for this new method and show numerical examples that indicate itsgood performance in the localization of anomalies and the alleviation ofringing artifacts.
A Bivariate Spline Solution to the Exterior Helmholtz Equation and Its  Applications	2018	We explain how to use smooth bivariate splines of arbitrary degree to solvethe exterior Helmholtz equation based on a Perfectly Matched Layer (PML)technique. In a previous study (cf. [26]), it was shown that bivariate splinefunctions of high degree can approximate the solution of the bounded domainHelmholtz equation with an impedance boundary condition for large wave numbers$k\sim 1000$. In this paper, we extend this study to the case of the Helmholtzequation in an unbounded domain. The PML is constructed using a complexstretching of the coordinates in a rectangular domain, resulting in a weightedHelmholtz equation with Dirichlet boundary conditions. The PML weights are alsoapproximated by using spline functions. The computational algorithm developedin [26] is used to approximate the solution of the resulting weighted Helmholtzequation. Numerical results show that the PML formulation for the unboundeddomain Helmholtz equation using bivariate splines is very effective over arange of examples.
Dispatchable Virtual Oscillator Control for Decentralized  Inverter-dominated Power Systems: Analysis and Experiments	2018	This paper presents an analysis and experimental validation of dispatchablevirtual oscillator control (dVOC) for inverter-dominated power systems. dVOC isa promising decentralized control strategy that requires only localmeasurements to induce grid-forming behavior with programmable droopcharacteristics. It is dispatchable i.e., the inverters can vary their powergeneration via user-defined power set-points and guarantees strong stability.To verify its feasibility, a testbed comprising multiple dVOC-programmedinverters with transmission line impedances is designed. With an embeddedsynchronization strategy, the dVOC inverters are capable of dynamicsynchronization, black start operation, and transient grid voltage regulationwith dynamic load sharing, and real-time-programmable droop characteristics forbackward compatibility. All these features are experimentally verified.
Stabilization of acoustic modes using Helmholtz and Quarter-Wave  resonators tuned at exceptional points	2018	Acoustic dampers are efficient and cost-effective means for suppressingthermoacoustic instabilities in combustion chambers. However, their design andthe choice of their purging air mass flow is a challenging task, when one aimsat ensuring thermoacoustic stability after their implementation. In the presentexperimental and theoretical study, Helmholtz (HH) and Quarter-Wave (QW)dampers are considered. A model for their acoustic impedance is derived andexperimentally validated. In a second part, a thermoacoustic instability ismimicked by an electro-acoustic feedback loop in a rectangular cavity, to whichthe dampers are added. The length of the dampers can be adjusted, so that thesystem can be studied for tuned and detuned conditions. The stability of thecoupled system is investigated experimentally and then analytically, whichshows that for tuned dampers, the best stabilization is achieved at theexceptional point. The stabilization capabilities of HH and QW dampers arecompared for given damper volume and purge mass flow.
Antifouling membranes for oily wastewater treatment: interplay between  wetting and membrane fouling	2018	Oily wastewater is an extensive source of pollution to soil and water, andits harmless treatment is of great importance for the protection of our aquaticecosystems. Membrane filtration is highly desirable for removing oil from oilywater because it has the advantages of energy efficiency, easy processing andlow maintenance cost. However, membrane fouling during filtration leads tosevere flux decline and impedes long-term operation of membranes in practicalwastewater treatment. Membrane fouling includes reversible fouling andirreversible fouling. The fouling mechanisms have been explored based onclassical fouling models, and on oil droplet behaviors (such as dropletdeposition, accumulation, coalescence and wetting) on the membranes. Membranefouling is dominated by droplet-membrane interaction, which is influenced bythe properties of the membrane (e.g., surface chemistry, structure and charge)and the wastewater (e.g., compositions and concentrations) as well as theoperation conditions. Typical membrane antifouling strategies, such as surfacehydrophilization, zwitterionic polymer coating, photocatalytic decompositionand electrically enhanced antifouling are reviewed, and their cons and pros forpractical applications are discussed.
Non-Hermitian boundary and interface states in nonreciprocal  higher-order topological metals and electrical circuits	2018	Non-Hermitian skin-edge states emerge only at one edge in one-dimensionalnonreciprocal chains, where all states are localized at the edge irrespectiveof eigenvalues. The bulk topological number is the winding number associatedwith the complex energy spectrum, which is well defined for metals. We studynon-Hermitian nonreciprocal systems in higher dimensions, and propose torealize them with the use of electric diode circuits. We first investigateone-dimensional interface states between two domains carrying differenttopological numbers, where all states are localized at the interface. They area generalization of the skin-edge states. Then we generalize them into higherdimensions. We show that there emerge a rich variety of boundary states andinterface states including surface, line and point states in three-dimensionalsystems. They emerge at boundaries of several domains carrying differenttopological numbers. The resulting systems are the first-order, second-orderand third-order topological metals. Such states may well be observed bymeasuring the two-point impedance in diode circuits.
Insights into the enhancement of oxygen mass transport properties of  strontium doped lanthanum manganite interface-dominated thin films	2018	Strontium doped lanthanum manganite thin films were deposited by pulsed laserdeposition on yttria stabilized zirconia single crystals for a comprehensiveelectrochemical characterization of the material acting as a cathode. Aphysically meaningful electrical model was employed to fit the electrochemicalimpedance spectroscopy results in order to extract the main oxygen masstransport parameters as a function of the temperature and oxygen partialpressure. The oxygen diffusion and surface exchange coefficients extracted fromthe analysis showed several orders of magnitude of enhancement with respect tothe bulk values reported in the literature and an unexpectedly low dependencewith the oxygen partial pressure. Different observations were combined topropose a mechanism for the enhanced incorporation of oxygen in interfacedominated thin films mainly based on the high concentration of oxygen vacanciesexpected in the grain boundaries.
Building Trust Takes Time: Limits to Arbitrage in Blockchain-Based  Markets	2018	Distributed ledger technologies replace trusted clearing counterparties andsecurity depositories with time-consuming consensus protocols to record thetransfer of ownership. This settlement latency exposes cross-marketarbitrageurs to price risk. We theoretically derive arbitrage bounds thatincrease with expected latency, latency uncertainty, volatility and riskaversion. Using Bitcoin orderbook and network data, we estimate arbitragebounds of on average 121 basis points, explaining 91% of the observedcross-market price differences. Consistent with our theory, periods of highlatency-implied price risk exhibit large price differences, while asset flowschase arbitrage opportunities. Blockchain-based settlement thus introduces anon-trivial friction that impedes arbitrage activity.
SADA: Semantic Adversarial Diagnostic Attacks for Autonomous  Applications	2018	One major factor impeding more widespread adoption of deep neural networks(DNNs) is their lack of robustness, which is essential for safety-criticalapplications such as autonomous driving. This has motivated much recent work onadversarial attacks for DNNs, which mostly focus on pixel-level perturbationsvoid of semantic meaning. In contrast, we present a general framework foradversarial attacks on trained agents, which covers semantic perturbations tothe environment of the agent performing the task as well as pixel-levelattacks. To do this, we re-frame the adversarial attack problem as learning adistribution of parameters that always fools the agent. In the semantic case,our proposed adversary (denoted as BBGAN) is trained to sample parameters thatdescribe the environment with which the black-box agent interacts, such thatthe agent performs its dedicated task poorly in this environment. We applyBBGAN on three different tasks, primarily targeting aspects of autonomousnavigation: object detection, self-driving, and autonomous UAV racing. On thesetasks, BBGAN can generate failure cases that consistently fool a trained agent.
Acoustic meta-atom with maximum Willis coupling	2018	Acoustic metamaterials are structures with exotic acoustic properties, havingpromising applications in acoustic beam steering, focusing, impedance matching,absorption and isolation. Recent work has shown that the efficiency of manyacoustic metamaterials can be enhanced by controlling an additional parameterknown as Willis coupling, which is analogous to bianisotropy in electromagneticmetamaterials. The magnitude of Willis coupling in an acoustic meta-atom hasbeen shown theoretically to have an upper limit, however the feasibility ofreaching this limit has not been experimentally investigated. Here we introducea meta-atom with Willis coupling which closely approaches this theoreticallimit, that is much simpler and less prone to thermo-viscous losses thanpreviously reported structures. We perform two-dimensional experiments tomeasure the strong Willis coupling, supported by numerical calculations. Ourmeta-atom geometry is readily modeled analytically, enabling the strength ofWillis coupling and its peak frequency to be easily controlled. Together withits ease of fabrication, this will facilitate the design of future highefficiency acoustic devices.
Hierarchical Bipartite Graph Convolution Networks	2018	Recently, graph neural networks have been adopted in a wide variety ofapplications ranging from relational representations to modeling irregular datadomains such as point clouds and social graphs. However, the space of graphneural network architectures remains highly fragmented impeding the developmentof optimized implementations similar to what is available for convolutionalneural networks. In this work, we present BiGraphNet, a graph neural networkarchitecture that generalizes many popular graph neural network models andenables new efficient operations similar to those supported by ConvNets. Byexplicitly separating the input and output nodes, BiGraphNet: (i) generalizesthe graph convolution to support new efficient operations such as coarsenedgraph convolutions (similar to strided convolution in convnets), multiple inputgraphs convolution and graph expansions (unpooling) which can be used toimplement various graph architectures such as graph autoencoders, and graphresidual nets; and (ii) accelerates and scales the computations and memoryrequirements in hierarchical networks by performing computations only atspecified output nodes.
Bath engineering of a fluorescing artificial atom with a photonic  crystal	2018	We demonstrate how the dissipative interaction between a superconductingqubit and a microwave photonic crystal can be used for quantum bathengineering. The photonic crystal is created with a step-impedance transmissionline which suppresses and enhances the quantum spectral density of states,influencing decay transitions of a transmon circuit. The qubit interacts withthe transmission line indirectly via dispersive coupling to a cavity. Wecharacterize the photonic crystal density of states from both the unitary anddissipative dynamics of the qubit. When the qubit is driven, it dissipates intothe frequency dependent density of states of the photonic crystal. Our resultis the deterministic preparation of qubit superposition states as thesteady-state of coherent driving and dissipation near by the photonic crystalband edge, which we characterize with quantum state tomography. Our resultshighlight how the multimode environment from the photonic crystal forms aresource for quantum control.
Scattering Statistics in Nonlinear Wave Chaotic Systems	2018	The Random Coupling Model (RCM) is a statistical approach for studying thescattering properties of linear wave chaotic systems in the semi-classicalregime. Its success has been experimentally verified in various over-moded wavesettings, including both microwave and acoustic systems. It is of greatinterest to extend its use to nonlinear systems. This paper studies the impactof a nonlinear port on the measured statistical electromagnetic properties of aray-chaotic complex enclosure in the short wavelength limit. A Vector NetworkAnalyzer is upgraded with a high power option which enables calibratedscattering (S) parameter measurements up to +43 dBm. By attaching a diode tothe excitation antenna, amplitude-dependent S-parameters are observed. We havesystematically studied how the key components in the RCM are affected by thisnonlinear port, including the radiation impedance, short ray orbit corrections,and statistical properties. By applying the newly developed radiationefficiency extension to the RCM, we find that the diode admittance increaseswith excitation amplitude. This reduces the amount of power entering the cavitythrough the port, so that the diode effectively acts as a protection element.
An application of extensions of the Ramo-Shockley theorem to signals in  silicon sensors	2018	We discuss an extension of the Ramo-Shockley theorem that allows thecalculation of signals in detectors that contain non-linear materials ofarbitrary permittivity and finite conductivity (volume resistivity) as well asa static space-charge. The readout-electrodes can be connected by an arbitraryimpedance network. This formulation is useful for the treatment ofsemiconductor sensors where the finite volume resistivity in the sensitivedetector volume cannot be neglected. The signals are calculated by means oftime dependent weighting fields and weighting vectors. These are calculated byadding voltage or current signals to the electrodes in question, which has avery practical application when using semiconductor device simulation programs.An analytic example for an un-depleted silicon sensor is given.
A Cost-Effective Rapid-Cycling Synchrotron	2018	The present Fermilab proton Booster is an early example of a rapidly-cyclingsynchrotron (RCS). Built in the 1960s, it features a design in which thecombined-function dipole magnets serve as vacuum chambers. Such a design isquite cost-effective, and it does not have the limitations associated with theeddy currents in a metallic vacuum chamber. However, an important drawback ofthat design is a high impedance, as seen by a beam, because of the magnetlaminations. More recent RCS designs (e.g. J-PARC) employ large and complexceramic vacuum chambers in order to mitigate the eddy current effects and toshield the beam from the magnet laminations. Such a design, albeit verysuccessful, is quite costly because it requires large-bore magnets andlarge-bore RF cavities. In this article, we will consider an RCS concept with athin-wall metallic vacuum chamber as a compromise between the chamber-lessFermilab Booster design and the large-bore design with ceramic chambers.
"The meaning of ""most"" for visual question answering models"	2018	"The correct interpretation of quantifier statements in the context of avisual scene requires non-trivial inference mechanisms. For the example of""most"", we discuss two strategies which rely on fundamentally differentcognitive concepts. Our aim is to identify what strategy deep learning modelsfor visual question answering learn when trained on such questions. To thisend, we carefully design data to replicate experiments from psycholinguisticswhere the same question was investigated for humans. Focusing on the FiLMvisual question answering model, our experiments indicate that a form ofapproximate number system emerges whose performance declines with moredifficult scenes as predicted by Weber's law. Moreover, we identify confoundingfactors, like spatial arrangement of the scene, which impede the effectivenessof this system."
Tuning and jamming reduced to their minima	2019	Inspired by protein folding, we introduce funnels into the complex costfunction landscapes of two processes, the tuning of networks, and the jammingof ideal spheres. In both processes, geometrical frustration plays a role --tuning pressure differences between pairs of target nodes far from the sourcein a flow network impedes tuning of nearby pairs more than the reverse process,while unjamming the system in one region can make it more difficult to unjamelsewhere. By modifying the cost functions to control the order in whichfunctions are tuned or regions unjam, we smooth out local minima while leavingglobal minima unaffected, significantly increasing the success rate of reachingglobal minima.
Detecting Spin Transport in Quantum Magnets with Photons	2019	A minimally invasive technique is proposed for detecting the differentialspin conductance and spin current noise across a junction between two quantummagnets using a high-quality microwave resonator coupled to a transmission linewhich is impedance matched to a photon detector downstream. Photons in themicrowave resonator couple inductively to the spins in the spin subsystem, andthe noise in the junction spin current imprints itself into the output photonspropagating along the transmission line. The technique is capable of extractingboth the dc and finite frequency noise via the output photon flux and ofmeasuring the junction spin conductance by driving the electromagneticenvironment into a different temperature regime.
Stabilisation of an optical transition energy via nuclear Zeno dynamics  in quantum dot-cavity systems	2019	We investigate the effect of nuclear spins on the phase shift andpolarisation rotation of photons scattered off a quantum dot-cavity system. Weshow that as the phase shift depends strongly on the resonance energy of anelectronic transition in the quantum dot, it can provide a sensitive probe ofthe quantum state of nuclear spins that broaden this transition energy. Byincluding the electron-nuclear spin coupling at a Hamiltonian level within anextended input-output formalism, we show how a photon scattering event acts asa nuclear spin measurement, which when rapidly applied leads to an inhibitionof the nuclear spin dynamics via the quantum Zeno effect, and a correspondingstabilisation of the optical resonance. We show how such an effect manifests inthe intensity autocorrelation $g^{(2)}(\tau)$ of scattered photons, whoselong-time bunching behaviour changes from quadratic decay for low photonscattering rates (weak laser intensities), to ever slower exponential decay forincreasing laser intensities as optical measurements impede the nuclear spinevolution.
Spectral Clustering via Ensemble Deep Autoencoder Learning (SC-EDAE)	2019	Recently, a number of works have studied clustering strategies that combineclassical clustering algorithms and deep learning methods. These approachesfollow either a sequential way, where a deep representation is learned using adeep autoencoder before obtaining clusters with k-means, or a simultaneous way,where deep representation and clusters are learned jointly by optimizing asingle objective function. Both strategies improve clustering performance,however the robustness of these approaches is impeded by several deepautoencoder setting issues, among which the weights initialization, the widthand number of layers or the number of epochs. To alleviate the impact of suchhyperparameters setting on the clustering performance, we propose a new modelwhich combines the spectral clustering and deep autoencoder strengths in anensemble learning framework. Extensive experiments on various benchmarkdatasets demonstrate the potential and robustness of our approach compared tostate-of-the-art deep clustering methods.
Physical meaning of the dipole radiation resistance in lossless and  lossy media	2019	In this tutorial, we discuss the radiation from a Hertzian dipole intouniform isotropic lossy media of infinite extent. If the medium is lossless,the radiated power propagates to infinity, and the apparent dissipation ismeasured by the radiation resistance of the dipole. If the medium is lossy, thepower exponentially decays, and the physical meaning of radiation resistanceneeds clarification. Here, we present explicit calculations of the powerabsorbed in the infinite lossy host space and discuss the limit of zero losses.We show that the input impedance of dipole antennas contains aradiation-resistance contribution which does not depend on the imaginary partof the refractive index. This fact means that the power delivered by dipoleantennas to surrounding space always contains a contribution from far fieldsunless the real part of the refractive index is zero. Based on thisunderstanding, we discuss the fundamental limitations of power coupling betweentwo antennas and possibilities of removing the limit imposed by radiationdamping.
Nonparametric Inverse Dynamic Models for Multimodal Interactive Robots	2019	Direct design of a robot's rendered dynamics, such as in impedance control,is now a well-established control mode in uncertain environments. When thephysical interaction port variables are not measured directly, dynamic andkinematic models are required to relate the measured variables to theinteraction port variables. A typical example is serial manipulators with jointtorque sensors, where the interaction occurs at the end-effector. Asinteractive robots perform increasingly complex tasks, they will beintermittently coupled with additional dynamic elements such as tools,grippers, or workpieces, some of which should be compensated and brought to therobot side of the interaction port, making the inverse dynamics multimodal.Furthermore, there may also be unavoidable and unmeasured external input whenthe desired system cannot be totally isolated. Towards semi-autonomous robots,capable of handling such applications, a multimodal Gaussian process regressionapproach to manipulator dynamic modelling is developed. A sampling-basedapproach clusters different dynamic modes from unlabelled data, also allowingthe seperation of perturbed data with significant, irregular external input.The passivity of the overall approach is shown analytically, and experimentsexamine the performance and safety of this approach on a test actuator.
MicroMegascope based dynamic Surface Force Apparatus	2019	Surface Force Apparatus (SFA) allows to accurately resolve the interfacialproperties of fluids confined between extended surfaces. The accuracy of theSFA makes it an ubiquitous tool for the nanoscale mechanical characterizationof soft matter systems. The SFA traditionally measures force-distance profilesthrough interferometry with subnanometric distance precision. However, thesetechniques often require a dedicated and technically demanding experimentalsetup, and there remains a need for versatile and simple force-distancemeasurement tools. Here we present a MicroMegascope based dynamic Surface ForceApparatus capable of accurate measurement of the dynamic force profile of aliquid confined between a millimetric sphere and a planar substrate. Normal andshear mechanical impedance is measured within the classical FrequencyModulation framework. We measure rheological and frictional properties frommicrometric to molecular confinement. We also highlight the resolution of smallinterfacial features such as ionic liquid layering. This apparatus showspromise as a versatile force-distance measurement device for exotic surfaces orextreme environments.
Transport Properties of Water Confined in a Graphene Nanochannel	2019	Equilibrium molecular dynamics simulations are used to investigate the effectof phase transitions on the transport properties of highly-confined waterbetween parallel graphene sheets. An abrupt reduction by several orders ofmagnitude in the mobility of water is observed in strong confinement, asindicated by reduced diffusivity and increased shear viscosity values. The bulkviscosity, which is related to the resistance to expansion and compression of asubstance, is also calculated, showing an enhancement compared to the bulkvalue for all levels of confinement. An investigation into the phase behaviourof confined water reveals a transition from a liquid monolayer to a rhombicfrozen monolayer at nanochannel heights between 6.8-7.8 \r{A}; for largerseparations, multilayer liquid water is recovered. It is shown how this phasetransition is at the root of the impeded transport.
Multiplexed readout of four qubits in 3D cQED architecture using  broadband JPA	2019	We propose and demonstrate a frequency-multiplexed readout scheme in 3D cQEDarchitecture. We use four transmon qubits coupled to individual rectangularcavities which are aperture-coupled to a common rectangular waveguide feedline.A coaxial to waveguide transformer at the other end of the feedline allows oneto launch and collect the multiplexed signal. The reflected readout signal isamplified by an impedance engineered broadband parametric amplifier with 380MHz of bandwidth. This provides us high fidelity single-shot readout ofmultiple qubits using compact microwave circuitry, an efficient way for scalingup to more qubits in 3D cQED.
Parallel-Plate Waveguides Formed by Penetrable Metasurfaces	2019	In this paper, we introduce and study parallel-plate waveguides formed by twopenetrable metasurfaces having arbitrary isotropic sheet impedances. Weinvestigate guided modes of this structure and derive the correspondingdispersion relations. The conditions under which transverse magnetic andtransverse electric modes can exist are discussed, and different scenariosincluding lossless (reactive) metasurfaces, gain-and-loss sheets and extremecases are under general consideration. Resonant and non-resonant dispersivesheets and corresponding extreme cases are investigated. Our theoreticalresults are confirmed with full-wave simulated results considering practicalrealizations of the proposed parallel-plate waveguide which exploit twofrequency-selective surfaces. Finally, the obtained theoretical formulas areapplied to study the dispersion diagrams for waves along resonant sheets atdifferent distances between the two identical or different metasurfaces. Wehope that this study is useful for future applications at both microwave andoptical regimes.
Petrophysical Property Estimation from Seismic Data Using Recurrent  Neural Networks	2019	Reservoir characterization involves the estimation petrophysical propertiesfrom well-log data and seismic data. Estimating such properties is achallenging task due to the non-linearity and heterogeneity of the subsurface.Various attempts have been made to estimate petrophysical properties usingmachine learning techniques such as feed-forward neural networks and supportvector regression (SVR). Recent advances in machine learning have shownpromising results for recurrent neural networks (RNN) in modeling complexsequential data such as videos and speech signals. In this work, we propose analgorithm for property estimation from seismic data using recurrent neuralnetworks. An applications of the proposed workflow to estimate density andp-wave impedance using seismic data shows promising results compared tofeed-forward neural networks.
Deep Generative Graph Distribution Learning for Synthetic Power Grids	2019	Power system studies require the topological structures of real-world powernetworks; however, such data is confidential due to important securityconcerns. Thus, power grid synthesis (PGS), i.e., creating realistic powergrids that imitate actual power networks, has gained significant attention. Inthis letter, we cast PGS into a graph distribution learning (GDL) problem wherethe probability distribution functions (PDFs) of the nodes (buses) and edges(lines) are captured. A novel deep GDL (DeepGDL) model is proposed to learn thetopological patterns of buses/lines with their physical features (e.g., powerinjection and line impedance). Having a deep nonlinear recurrent structure,DeepGDL understands complex nonlinear topological properties and captures thegraph PDF. Sampling from the obtained PDF, we are able to create a large set ofrealistic networks that all resemble the original power grid. Simulationresults show the significant accuracy of our created synthetic power grids interms of various topological metrics and power flow measurements.
DeClassifier: Class-Inheritance Inference Engine for Optimized C++  Binaries	2019	Recovering class inheritance from C++ binaries has several security benefitsincluding problems such as decompilation and program hardening. Thanks to theoptimization guidelines prescribed by the C++ standard, commercial C++ binariestend to be optimized. While state-of-the-art class inheritance inferencesolutions are effective in dealing with unoptimized code, their efficacy isimpeded by optimization. Particularly, constructor inlining--or worseexclusion--due to optimization render class inheritance recovery challenging.Further, while modern solutions such as MARX can successfully group classeswithin an inheritance sub-tree, they fail to establish directionality ofinheritance, which is crucial for security-related applications (e.g.decompilation). We implemented a prototype of DeClassifier using BinaryAnalysis Platform (BAP) and evaluated DeClassifier against 16 binaries compiledusing gcc under multiple optimization settings. We show that (1) DeClassifiercan recover 94.5% and 71.4% true positive directed edges in the class hierarchytree under O0 and O2 optimizations respectively, (2) a combination of ctor+dtoranalysis provides much better inference than ctor only analysis.
Robust Hidden Topology Identification in Distribution Systems	2019	With more distributed energy resources (DERs) connected to distributiongrids, better monitoring and control are needed, where identifying the topologyaccurately is the prerequisite. However, due to frequent re-configurations,operators usually cannot know a complete structure in distribution grids.Luckily, the growing data from smart sensors, restricted by Ohm law, providesthe possibility of topology inference. In this paper, we show how lineparameters of Ohm equation can be estimated for topology identification evenwhen there are hidden nodes. Specifically, the introduced learning methodrecursively conducts hidden-node detection and impedance calculation. However,the assumptions on uncorrelated data, availability of phasor measurements, anda balanced system, are not met in practices, causing large errors. To resolvethese problems, we employ Cholesky whitening first with a proof for measurementdecorrelations. For increasing robustness further, we show how to handlepractical scenarios when only measurement magnitudes are available or when thegrid is three-phase unbalanced. Numerical performance is verified on multi-sizedistribution grids with both simulation and real-world data.
Towards Commercializing Vanadium Dioxide Films: Investigation of the  Impact of Different Interface on the Deterioration Process for Largely  Extended Service Life	2019	Long term stability is the most pressing issue that impedes commercializationof Vanadium Dioxide (VO2) based functional films, which show a gradual loss ofrelative phase transition performance, especially in humid conditions whenserving as smart windows. Here, we investigated the impact of differentinterface on the deterioration process of VO2 films and proposed a novelencapsulation structure for largely extended service life. Hydrophobic andstable hafnium dioxide (HfO2) layers have been incorporated with VO2 films forencapsulated surfaces and cross sections. With modified thickness and structureof HfO2 layers, the degradation process of VO2 can be effectively suppressed.The proposed films can retain stable phase transition performances under highrelative humidity (90%) and temperature (60 Celsius) over 100 days, which isequal to about 16 years in the real environment. Improving the stability of VO2materials is a necessary step towards commercializing production of highperformance films for long term use.
Coupling of Wideband Impulses Generated by Granular Chains into Liquids	2019	An ultrasonic transducer technology to generate wideband impulses using aone-dimensional chain of spheres was previously presented. The Hertzian contactbetween the spheres causes the nonlinearity of the system to increase, whichtransforms high amplitude narrowband sinusoidal input into a train of widebandimpulses. Generation of short duration ultrasonic pulses is desirable both indiagnostic and therapeutic ultrasound. Nevertheless, the biggest challenge interms of adaptation to biomedical ultrasound is the coupling of the ultrasonicenergy into biological tissue.  An analytical model was created to address the coupling issue. Effect of thematching layer was modelled as a flexible thin plate clamped from the edges.Model was verified against hydrophone measurements. Different couplingmaterials, such as glass, aluminium, acrylic, silicon rubber, and vitreouscarbon, was analysed with this model. Results showed that soft matching layerssuch as acrylic and rubber inhibit the generation of higher order harmonics.Between the hard matching materials, vitreous carbon achieved the best resultsdue to its acoustic impedance.
Properties of dislocation drag from phonon wind at ambient conditions	2019	It is well known that under plastic deformation, dislocations are not onlycreated but also move through the crystal, and their mobility is impeded bytheir interaction with the crystal structure. At high stress and temperature,this `drag' is dominated by phonon wind, i.e. phonons scattering offdislocations. Employing the semi-isotropic approach discussed in detail in Ref.[arXiv:1804.01586], we discuss here the approximate functional dependence ofdislocation drag $B$ on dislocation velocity in various regimes between a fewpercent of transverse sound speed $c_t$ and $c_t$ (where $c_t$ is the effectiveaverage transverse sound speed of the polycrystal). In doing so, we find aneffective functional form for dislocation drag $B(v)$ for different slipsystems and dislocation characters at fixed (room) temperature and lowpressure.
Public decision support for low population density areas: An  imbalance-aware hyper-ensemble for spatio-temporal crime prediction	2019	Crime events are known to reveal spatio-temporal patterns, which can be usedfor predictive modeling and subsequent decision support. While the focus hashitherto been placed on areas with high population density, we address thechallenging undertaking of predicting crime hotspots in regions with lowpopulation densities and highly unequally-distributed crime.This results in asevere sparsity (i.e., class imbalance) of the outcome variable, which impedespredictive modeling. To alleviate this, we develop machine learning models forspatio-temporal prediction that are specifically adjusted for an imbalanceddistribution of the class labels and test them in an actual setting withstate-of-the-art predictors (i.e., socio-economic, geographical, temporal,meteorological, and crime variables in fine resolution). The proposedimbalance-aware hyper-ensemble increases the hit ratio considerably from 18.1%to 24.6% when aiming for the top 5% of hotspots, and from 53.1% to 60.4% whenaiming for the top 20% of hotspots.
Braiding of Majorana corner states in electric circuits and its  non-Hermitian generalization	2019	We propose to realize Majorana edge and corner states in electric circuits.First, we simulate the Kitaev model by an LC electric circuit and the$p_{x}+ip_{y}$ model by an LC circuit together with operational amplifiers.Zero-energy edge states emerge in the topological phase, which are detectableby measuring impedance. Next, we simulate the Bernevig-Hughes-Zhang model byincluding an effective magnetic field without breaking the particle-holesymmetry, where zero-energy corner states emerge in the topological phase. Itis demonstrated that they are Ising anyons subject to the braiding. Namely wederive $\sigma ^{2}=-1$ for them, where $\sigma $ denotes the single-exchangeoperation. They may well be called Majorana states. We also study non-Hermitiangeneralizations of these models by requiring the particle-hole symmetry. It isshown that the braiding holds in certain reciprocal non-Hermitiangeneralizations.
Comfort-Centered Design of a Lightweight and Backdrivable Knee  Exoskeleton	2019	This paper presents design principles for comfort-centered wearable robotsand their application in a lightweight and backdrivable knee exoskeleton. Themitigation of discomfort is treated as mechanical design and control issues andthree solutions are proposed in this paper: 1) a new wearable structureoptimizes the strap attachment configuration and suit layout to ameliorateexcessive shear forces of conventional wearable structure design; 2) rollingknee joint and double-hinge mechanisms reduce the misalignment in the sagittaland frontal plane, without increasing the mechanical complexity and inertia,respectively; 3) a low impedance mechanical transmission reduces the reflectedinertia and damping of the actuator to human, thus the exoskeleton ishighly-backdrivable. Kinematic simulations demonstrate that misalignmentbetween the robot joint and knee joint can be reduced by 74% at maximum kneeflexion. In experiments, the exoskeleton in the unpowered mode exhibits 1.03 Nmroot mean square (RMS) low resistive torque. The torque control experimentsdemonstrate 0.31 Nm RMS torque tracking error in three human subjects.
Large positive magneto-conductivity at microwave frequencies in the  compensated topological insulator BiSbTeSe2	2019	The bulk electronic properties of compensated topological insulators arestrongly affected by the self-organized formation of charge puddles at lowtemperature, but their response in the microwave frequency range is littlestudied. We employed broadband impedance spectroscopy up to 5 GHz to addressthe ac transport properties of well-compensated BiSbTeSe2, where charge puddlesare known to form as metallic entities embedded in an insulating host. It turnsout that the average puddle size sets the characteristic frequency cut-off inthe GHz range, across which the insulating dc behavior is separated from ametal-like high-frequency response of delocalized carriers within the puddles.The cut-off frequency is found to be controlled by a magnetic field, givingrise to a large positive magneto-conductivity observable only in the GHz range.This curious phenomenon is driven by the Zeeman energy which affects the localband filling in the disordered potential landscape to enhance the puddle size.
Electro-Oxidation of p-Silicon in Fluoride-Containing Electrolyte: A  Physical Model for the Regime of Negative Differential Resistance	2019	When Si is anodically oxidized in a fluoride containing electrolyte, an oxidelayer is grown. Simultaneously, the layer is etched by the fluoride containingelectrolyte. The resulting stationary state exhibits a negative slope of thecurrent-voltage characteristics in a certain range of applied voltage. Wepropose a physical model that reproduces this negative slope. In particular,our model assumes that the oxide layer consists of both partially and fullyoxidized Si and that the etch rate depends on the effective degree ofoxidation. Finally, we show that our simulations are in good agreement withmeasurements of the current-voltage characteristics, the oxide layer thickness,the dissolution valence, and the impedance spectra of the electrochemicalsystem.
A Strongly Miniaturized and Inherently Matched Folded Dipole Antenna for  Narrowband Applications	2019	A novel miniaturized printed folded dipole antenna has been designed fornarrowband sensing applications. It is shown that the antenna may besystematically engineered to achieve matching to a practical source impedanceat frequencies well below its half-wavelength resonance using series-LC loadingand asymmetrical arm widths. This approach is used to design an inherentlywell-matched antenna that does not require an external matching network anddemonstrates approximately 75% miniaturization, excellent co- tocross-polarization separation, over 24 dB higher realized gain, and stronglyimproved radiation efficiency relative to an unloaded folded dipole of the sameelectrically small size. Experimental validation of a fabricated prototypedemonstrates excellent agreement with simulations.
An optomechanical platform with a 3-dimensional waveguide cavity	2019	At low temperatures, microwave cavities are often preferred for the readoutand control of a variety of systems. In this paper, we present design andmeasurements on an optomechanical device based on a 3-dimensional rectangularwaveguide cavity. We show that by suitably modifying the electromagnetic fieldcorresponding to the fundamental mode of the cavity, the equivalent circuitcapacitance can be reduced to 29 fF. By coupling a mechanical resonator to themodified electromagnetic mode of the cavity, we achieved a capacitanceparticipation ratio of 43 $\%$. We demonstrate an optomechanical cooperativity,$C$$\sim$40, characterized by performing measurements in theoptomechanically-induced absorption (OMIA) limit. In addition, due to alow-impedance environment between the two-halves of the cavity, our design hasthe flexibility of incorporating a DC bias across the mechanical resonator,often a desired feature in tunable optomechanical devices.
The Representational Capacity of Action-Value Networks for Multi-Agent  Reinforcement Learning	2019	Recent years have seen the application of deep reinforcement learningtechniques to cooperative multi-agent systems, with great empirical success.However, given the lack of theoretical insight, it remains unclear what theemployed neural networks are learning, or how we should enhance theirrepresentational power to address the problems on which they fail. In thiswork, we empirically investigate the representational power of various networkarchitectures on a series of one-shot games. Despite their simplicity, thesegames capture many of the crucial problems that arise in the multi-agentsetting, such as an exponential number of joint actions or the lack of anexplicit coordination mechanism. Our results quantify how well variousapproaches can represent the requisite value functions, and help us identifyissues that can impede good performance.
Vortex pinning and flux flow microwave studies of coated conductors	2019	Demanding microwave applications in a magnetic field require the materialoptimization not only in zero-field but, more important, in the in-field fluxmotion dominated regime. However, the effect of artificial pinning centers(APC) remains unclear at high frequency. Moreover, in coated conductors theevaluation of the high frequency material properties is difficult due to thecomplicated electromagnetic problem of a thin superconducting film on abuffered metal substrate. In this paper we present an experimental study at 48GHz of 150-200 nm YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-x}$ coated conductors, with and withoutAPCs, on buffered Ni-5at%W tapes. By properly addressing the electromagneticproblem of the extraction of the superconductor parameters from the measuredoverall surface impedance $Z$, we are able to extract and to comment on theLondon penetration depth, the flux flow resistivity and the pinning constant,highlighting the effect of artificial pinning centers in these samples.
Quickly Inserting Pegs into Uncertain Holes using Multi-view Images and  Deep Network Trained on Synthetic Data	2019	This paper uses robots to assemble pegs into holes on surfaces with differentcolors and textures. It especially targets at the problem of peg-in-holeassembly with initial position uncertainty. Two in-hand cameras and aforce-torque sensor are used to account for the position uncertainty. A programsequence comprising learning-based visual servoing, spiral search, andimpedance control is implemented to perform the peg-in-hole task with feedbackfrom the above sensors. Contributions are mainly made in the learning-basedvisual servoing of the sequence, where a deep neural network is trained withvarious sets of synthetic data generated using the concept of domainrandomization to predict where a hole is. In the experiments and analysissection, the network is analyzed and compared, and a real-world robotic systemto insert pegs to holes using the proposed method is implemented. The resultsshow that the implemented peg-in-hole assembly system can perform successfulpeg-in-hole insertions on surfaces with various colors and textures. It cangenerally speed up the entire peg-in-hole process.
Auger-spectroscopy in quantum Hall edge channels: a possible resolution  to the missing energy problem	2019	"Quantum Hall edge channels offer an efficient and controllable platform tostudy quantum transport in one dimension. Such channels are a prospective toolfor the efficient transfer of quantum information at the nanoscale, and play avital role in exposing intriguing physics. Electric current along the edgecarries energy and heat leading to inelastic scattering, which may impedecoherent transport. Several experiments attempting to probe the concomitantenergy redistribution along the edge reported energy loss via unknownmechanisms of inelastic scattering. Here we employ quantum dots to inject andextract electrons at specific energies, to spectrally analyse inelasticscattering inside quantum Hall edge channels. We show that the ""missing energy""puzzle can be untangled by incorporating non-local Auger-like processes, inwhich energy is redistributed between spatially separate parts of the sample.Our theoretical analysis, accounting for the experimental results, challengescommon-wisdom analyses which ignore such non-local decay channels."
Robust Passivity-Based Control of Boost Converters in DC Microgrids	2019	This work deals with the design of a robust and decentralized passivity-basedcontrol scheme for regulating the voltage of a DC microgrid through boostconverters. A Krasovskii-type storage function is proposed and a (local)passivity property for DC microgrids comprising unknown 'ZIP' (constantimpedance 'Z', constant current 'I' and constant power 'P') loads isestablished. More precisely, the input port-variable of the correspondingpassive map is equal to the first-time derivative of the control input. Then,the integrated input port-variable is used to shape the closed loop storagefunction such that it has a minimum at the desired equilibrium point.Convergence to the desired equilibrium is theoretically analyzed and theproposed control scheme is validated through experiments on a real DCmicrogrid.
Saec: Similarity-Aware Embedding Compression in Recommendation Systems	2019	Production recommendation systems rely on embedding methods to representvarious features. An impeding challenge in practice is that the large embeddingmatrix incurs substantial memory footprint in serving as the number of featuresgrows over time. We propose a similarity-aware embedding matrix compressionmethod called Saec to address this challenge. Saec clusters similar featureswithin a field to reduce the embedding matrix size. Saec also adopts a fastclustering optimization based on feature frequency to drastically improveclustering time. We implement and evaluate Saec on Numerous, the productiondistributed machine learning system in Tencent, with 10-day worth of featuredata from QQ mobile browser. Testbed experiments show that Saec reduces thenumber of embedding vectors by two orders of magnitude, compresses theembedding size by ~27x, and delivers the same AUC and log loss performance.
Modeling the non-trivial behavior of anisotropic beams: a simple  Timoshenko beam with enhanced stress recovery and constitutive relations	2019	This paper analyzes the non-trivial influence of the material anisotropy onthe structural behavior of an anisotropic multilayer planar beam. Indeed,analytical results available in literature are limited to homogeneous beams andseveral aspects has not been addressed yet, impeding an in-depth understandingof the mechanical response of anisotropic structural elements. This paperproposes an effective recovery of stress distribution and an energeticallyconsistent evaluation of constitutive relations to be used within a planarTimoshenko beam model. The resulting structural-analysis tool highlights thefollowing peculiarities of anisotropic beams: (i) the axial stress explicitlydepends on transversal internal force, which can weigh up to 30% on the maximalmagnitude of axial stress, and (ii) the anisotropy influences the beamdisplacements more than standard shear deformation and even for extremelyslender beams. A rigorous comparison with analytical and accurate 2D FiniteElement solutions confirms the accuracy of the proposed approach that leads toerrors exceptionally greater than 5%.
Reinforcement Learning on Variable Impedance Controller for  High-Precision Robotic Assembly	2019	Precise robotic manipulation skills are desirable in many industrialsettings, reinforcement learning (RL) methods hold the promise of acquiringthese skills autonomously. In this paper, we explicitly consider incorporatingoperational space force/torque information into reinforcement learning; this ismotivated by humans heuristically mapping perceived forces to control actions,which results in completing high-precision tasks in a fairly easy manner. Ourapproach combines RL with force/torque information by incorporating a properoperational space force controller; where we also exploit different ablationson processing this information. Moreover, we propose a neural networkarchitecture that generalizes to reasonable variations of the environment. Weevaluate our method on the open-source Siemens Robot Learning Challenge, whichrequires precise and delicate force-controlled behavior to assemble a tight-fitgear wheel set.
Stored energies and Q-factor of two-dimensionally periodic antenna  arrays	2019	The Q-factor for lossless three-dimensional structures with two-dimensionalperiodicity is here derived in terms of the electric current density. Thederivation in itself is shape-independent and based on the periodic free-spaceGreen's function. The expression for Q-factor takes into account the exactshape of a periodic element, and permits beam steering. The stored energies andthe radiated power, both required to evaluate Q-factor, are coordinateindependent and expressed in a similar manner to the periodic Electric FieldIntegral equation, and can thus be rapidly calculated. Numericalinvestigations, performed for several antenna arrays, indicate fine agreement,accurate enough to be predictive, between the proposed Q-factor and the tunedfractional bandwidth, when the arrays are not too wideband (i.e., when $Q\geq5$). For completeness, the input-impedance Q-factor, proposed by Yaghjian andBest in 2005, is included and agrees well numerically with the derived Q-factorexpression. The main advantage of the proposed representation is its explicitconnection to the current density, which allows the Q-factor to give bandwidthestimates based on the shape and current of the array element.
A Varying Coefficient Model for Assessing the Returns to Growth to  Account for Poverty and Inequality	2019	Various papers demonstrate the importance of inequality, poverty and the sizeof the middle class for economic growth. When explaining why these measures ofthe income distribution are added to the growth regression, it is oftenmentioned that poor people behave different which may translate to the economyas a whole. However, simply adding explanatory variables does not reflect thisbehavior. By a varying coefficient model we show that the returns to growthdiffer a lot depending on poverty and inequality. Furthermore, we investigatehow these returns differ for the poorer and for the richer part of thesocieties. We argue that the differences in the coefficients impede, on the onehand, that the means coefficients are informative, and, on the other hand,challenge the credibility of the economic interpretation. In short, we showthat, when estimating mean coefficients without accounting for poverty andinequality, the estimation is likely to suffer from a serious endogeneity bias.
Ultra-High Normalized Bandwidth TE and TM Polarization Insensitive  Terahertz Absorber with Graphene Disks Configuration	2019	In this paper, we have proposed ultra-broadband terahertz absorber with threelayers of periodic graphene disks arrays (PGDAs). A gold layer was utilized asbackside reflector and TOPAS as dielectric spacers. Circuit model of PGDAs andthe developed Transmission Line Model (TLM) for the absorber is utilized todesign the structure using impedance matching concept. The validity of theresults of the device was confirmed by Finite Element Method (FEM). Thestructure absorbs both TE and TM polarizations. Furthermore, the obtainednormalized absorption bandwidth is 148% with a bandwidth of 2.64 THz in 1.78THz central frequency which is to best of our knowledge the best report intwo-dimensional graphene-based structures.
Open-Boundary Conditions in the Deconfined Phase	2019	"In this work, we consider open-boundary conditions at high temperatures, asthey can potentially be of help to measure the topological susceptibility. Inparticular, we measure the extent of the boundary effects at $T=1.5T_c$ and$T=2.7T_c$. In the first case, it is larger than at $T=0$ while we find it tobe smaller in the second case. The length of this ""boundary zone"" is controlledby the screening masses. We use this fact to measure the scalar andpseudo-scalar screening masses at these two temperatures. We observe a mass gapat $T=1.5T_c$ but not at $T=2.7T_c$. Finally, we use our pseudo-scalar channelanalysis to estimate the topological susceptibility. The results at $T=1.5T_c$are in good agreement with the literature. At $T=2.7T_c$, they appear to sufferfrom topological freezing, impeding us from providing a precise determinationof the topological susceptibility. It still provides us with a lower bound,which is already in mild tension with some of the existing results."
Electrochemical performance of decorated reduced graphene oxide by MoO3  nanoparticles as a counter electrode	2019	We present an efficient electrocatalytic material based on anchored MoO3nanoparticles on reduced graphene oxide (RGO) nanosheets. After preparation ofgraphene oxide (GO), the MoO3 nanoparticles anchored on GO nanosheet by usingthe arc-discharge method. X-ray diffraction patterns show that the MoO3nanoparticles are well crystallized on RGO in the orthorhombic crystallinephase with a crystallite size of 83 nm. In addition, FT-IR and Ramanspectroscopy results show that during the arc-discharge process, the GOnanosheets have been reduced and RGO nanosheets are decorated with MoO3nanoparticles which form a porous structure. The surface energy of the preparedelectrode was measured as 44.56 mJ/m2, which shows the desirable spreadingability of the electrolyte on the electrode. Finally, electrochemicalperformance was measured in the symmetrical dummy cell by impedancespectroscopy and cyclic voltammogram, and the photochemical test was measuredin the dye-sensitized solar cell by current density measurement. Our resultsshow that the electrochemical performance of the RGM electrode is better thanthe RGO electrode and is comparable with the Platinum electrode and also theefficiency of RGM electrode used in a dye-sensitized solar cell as a counterelectrode is 5.55% near to Platinum electrode performance.
Coherent long-distance spin-qubit-transmon coupling	2019	Spin qubits and superconducting qubits are among the promising candidates fora solid state quantum computer. For the implementation of a hybrid architecturewhich can profit from the advantages of either world, a coherent long-distancelink is necessary that integrates and couples both qubit types on the samechip. We realize such a link with a frequency-tunable high impedance SQUIDarray resonator. The spin qubit is a resonant exchange qubit hosted in a GaAstriple quantum dot. It can be operated at zero magnetic field, allowing it tocoexist with superconducting qubits on the same chip. We find a working pointfor the spin qubit, where the ratio between its coupling strength anddecoherence rate is optimized. We observe coherent interaction between theresonant exchange qubit and a transmon qubit in both resonant and dispersiveregimes, where the interaction is mediated either by real or virtual resonatorphotons.
The Paracrystalline Nature of Lattice Distortion in a High Entropy Alloy	2019	Severe lattice distortion is suggested for high entropy alloys (HEAs),however, evidence for such effect so far is lacking, and the nature ofdistortion is yet to be understood. Here, we reveal the distortion in an fccHEA, Al0.1CrFeCoNi, by direct imaging using electron nanodiffraction.Information about crystal symmetry, lattice strain and atomic distortion aredata-mined and mapped from many (~10^4) diffraction patterns. Application tothe HEA reveals two embodiments of distortion, nm-sized mosaic blocks ofparacrystals and strained nano-clusters. Their interaction gives rise tofractal strain field across nanoscopic to mesoscopic scales. As latticedistortion impedes dislocation motion and contributes to strengthening, resultshere thus provide critical insights about the complex nature of distortion in aHEA.
Cause Identification of Electromagnetic Transient Events using  Spatiotemporal Feature Learning	2019	This paper presents a spatiotemporal unsupervised feature learning method forcause identification of electromagnetic transient events (EMTE) in power grids.The proposed method is formulated based on the availability oftime-synchronized high-frequency measurement, and using the convolutionalneural network (CNN) as the spatiotemporal feature representation along withsoftmax function. Despite the existing threshold-based, or energy-based eventsanalysis methods, such as support vector machine (SVM), autoencoder, andtapered multi-layer perception (t-MLP) neural network, the proposed featurelearning is carried out with respect to both time and space. The effectivenessof the proposed feature learning and the subsequent cause identification isvalidated through the EMTP simulation of different events such as lineenergization, capacitor bank energization, lightning, fault, and high-impedancefault in the IEEE 30-bus, and the real-time digital simulation (RTDS) of theWSCC 9-bus system.
Attention-Based Structural-Plasticity	2019	Catastrophic forgetting/interference is a critical problem for lifelonglearning machines, which impedes the agents from maintaining their previouslylearned knowledge while learning new tasks. Neural networks, in particular,suffer plenty from the catastrophic forgetting phenomenon. Recently there hasbeen several efforts towards overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neuralnetworks. Here, we propose a biologically inspired method toward overcomingcatastrophic forgetting. Specifically, we define an attention-based selectiveplasticity of synapses based on the cholinergic neuromodulatory system in thebrain. We define synaptic importance parameters in addition to synaptic weightsand then use Hebbian learning in parallel with backpropagation algorithm tolearn synaptic importances in an online and seamless manner. We test ourproposed method on benchmark tasks including the Permuted MNIST and the SplitMNIST problems and show competitive performance compared to thestate-of-the-art methods.
Counterintuitive VSM Behavior under CVR Incorporating Distribution  System	2019	This paper analyses the impact of conservation by voltage reduction (CVR) onvoltage stability margin (VSM) considering transmission and distribution (T&D)systems. VSM is determined by P-V curve analysis using PSSE and GridLAB-Dsolvers to co-simulate the T&D systems under CVR and No CVR conditions. ZIPloads with profile [ZIP] = [0.4 0.3 0.3] are used to model the load. The paperdiscusses the counterintuitive result: under CVR, the VSM is reduced.Theoretical justification for the reduced VSM under CVR is the increase in theeffective impedance between generation and load and this is proved using anextended 2-bus system. The paper shares T&D co-simulation results with IEEE9-bus transmission system and a larger 123-bus distribution system and withdistributed generation (DG) in unity power factor (UPF) and volt-VAR control(VVC) mode.
Algorithm for Decentralized Cooperative Positioning of Multiple  Autonomous Agents	2019	One of the most essential prerequisites behind a successful task execution ofa team of agents is to accurately estimate and track their poses. We consider acooperative multi-agent positioning problem where each agent performssingle-agent positioning until it encounters some other agent. Upon theencounter, the two agents measure their relative pose, and exchange particleclouds representing their poses. We propose a cooperative positioning algorithmwhich fuses the received information with the locally available measurementsand infers an agent's pose within Bayesian framework. The algorithm is scalableto multiple agents, has relatively low computational complexity, admitsdecentralized implementation across agents, and imposes relatively mildrequirements on communication coverage and bandwidth. The experiments indicatethat the proposed algorithm considerably improves single-agent positioningaccuracy, reduces the convergence time of a particle cloud and, unlike itssingle-agent positioning counterpart, exhibits immunity to an impedingfeature-scarce and symmetric environment layout.
Genuine time-bin-encoded quantum key distribution over a turbulent  depolarizing free-space channel	2019	Despite its widespread use in fiber optics, encoding quantum information inphotonic time-bin states is usually considered impractical for free-spacequantum communication as turbulence-induced spatial distortion impedes theanalysis of time-bin states at the receiver. Here, we demonstrate quantum keydistribution using time-bin photonic states distorted by turbulence anddepolarization during free-space transmission. Utilizing a novel analyzerapparatus, we observe stable quantum bit error ratios of 5.32 %, suitable forgenerating secure keys, despite significant wavefront distortions andpolarization fluctuations across a 1.2 km channel. This shows the viability oftime-bin quantum communication over long-distance free-space channels, whichwill simplify direct fiber/free-space interfaces and enable new approaches forpractical free-space quantum communication over multi-mode, turbulent, ordepolarizing channels.
Three issues impeding communication of statistical methodology for  incomplete data	2019	We identify three issues permeating the literature on statistical methodologyfor incomplete data written for non-specialist statisticians and otherinvestigators. The first is a mathematical defect in the notation Yobs, Ymisused to partition the data into observed and missing components. The second areissues concerning the notation `P(R|Yobs, Ymis)=P(R|Yobs)' used forcommunicating the definition of missing at random (MAR). And the third is theframing of ignorability by emulating complete-data methods exactly, rather thantreating the question of ignorability on its own merits. These issues have beenpresent in the literature for a long time, and have simple remedies. Thepurpose of this paper is to raise awareness of these issues, and to explain howthey can be remedied.
Proving the curvature-induced frequency asymmetry of spin-wave modes in  magnetic nanotubes with coplanar wave guides	2019	We calculate the optimal conditions to quantify curvature-inducednonreciprocity in the dispersion relation of a magnetic nanotube by calculatingthe coupling impedance between spin waves modes of the nanotube and CoplanarWave Guides (CPWs). We calculate the system parameters to quantify thecurvature-induced frequency asymmetry up to GHz orders, and the changes on theasymmetry up to the same GHz range when a magnetic field {\mu}0|Hz| < 60 mT isapplied along the large nanotube axis. Moreover, we show the feasibility of theCPWs to excite higher order SW modes with wavelengths down to few hundred ofnanometers, which could be used to encode information not only in thelongitudinal SW phase but also in the azimuthal one, therefore paving the waytowards technologies that increases the density and fidelity of informationtransfer, as well as for encouraging technological development of 3D magnonicdevices.
Nonlocal homogenisation theory for curl-div-systems	2019	We study the curl-div-system with variable coefficients and a nonlocalhomogenisation problem associated with it. Using, in part refining, techniquesfrom nonlocal $H$-convergence for closed Hilbert complexes, we define theappropriate topology for possibly nonlocal and non-periodic coefficients incurl-div systems to model highly oscillatory behaviour of the coefficients onsmall scales. We address curl-div systems under various boundary conditions andanalyse the limit of the ratio of small scale over large scale tending to zero.Already for standard Dirichlet boundary conditions and local coefficients thelimit system is nontrivial and unexpected. Furthermore, we provide an analysisof highly oscillatory local coefficients for a curl-div system with impedancetype boundary conditions relevant in scattering theory for Maxwell's equationsand relate the abstract findings to local $H$-convergence andweak$*$-convergence of the coefficients.
Recognizing symmetries in 3HDM in basis-independent way	2019	Higgs doublets may come in three generations. The scalar sector of theresulting three-Higgs-doublet model (3HDM) may be constrained by globalsymmetry groups $G$ leading to characteristic phenomenology. There exists thefull list of symmetry groups $G$ realizable in the 3HDM scalar sector and theexpressions for $G$-symmetric scalar potentials written in special bases wherethe generators of $G$ take simple form. However recognizing the presence of asymmetry in a generic basis remains a major technical challenge, which impedesefficient exploration of the 3HDM parameter space. In this paper, we solve thisproblem using the recently proposed approach, in which basis-independentconditions are formulated as relations among basis-covariant objects. Wedevelop the formalism and derive basis-independent necessary and sufficientconditions for the 3HDM scalar sector to be invariant under each of therealizable symmetry group. We also comment on phenomenological consequences ofthese results.
Dynamical separation of bulk and edge transport in HgTe-based 2D  topological insulators	2019	Topological effects in edge states are clearly visible on short lengths only,thus largely impeding their studies. On larger distances, one may be able todynamically enhance topological signatures by exploiting the high mobility ofedge states with respect to bulk carriers. Our work on microwave spectroscopyhighlights the responses of the edges which host very mobile carriers, whilebulk carriers are drastically slowed down in the gap. Though the edges aredenser than expected, we establish that charge relaxation occurs on shorttimescales, and suggests that edge states can be addressed selectively ontimescales over which bulk carriers are frozen.
Complementary Vibrational Spectroscopy	2019	Vibrational spectroscopy, comprised of infrared absorption and Ramanscattering spectroscopy, is widely used for label-free optical sensing andimaging in various scientific and industrial fields. The group theory statesthat the two molecular spectroscopy methods are sensitive to vibrationscategorized in different point groups and provide complementary vibrationalspectra. Therefore, complete vibrational information cannot be acquired by asingle spectroscopic device, which has impeded the full potential ofvibrational spectroscopy. Here, we demonstrate simultaneous infrared absorptionand Raman scattering spectroscopy that allows us to measure the completebroadband vibrational spectra in the molecular fingerprint region with a singleinstrument based on an ultrashort pulsed laser. The system is based ondual-modal Fourier-transform spectroscopy enabled by efficient use of nonlinearoptical effects. Our proof-of-concept experiment demonstrates rapid, broadbandand high spectral resolution measurements of complementary spectra of organicliquids for precise and accurate molecular analysis.
Towards Motion Invariant Authentication for On-Body IoT Devices	2019	As the rapid proliferation of on-body Internet of Things (IoT) devices, theirsecurity vulnerabilities have raised serious privacy and safety issues.Traditional efforts to secure these devices against impersonation attacksmainly rely on either dedicated sensors or specified user motions, impedingtheir wide-scale adoption. This paper transcends these limitations with ageneral security solution by leveraging ubiquitous wireless chips available inIoT devices. Particularly, representative time and frequency features are firstextracted from received signal strengths (RSSs) to characterize radiopropagation profiles. Then, an adversarial multi-player network is developed torecognize underlying radio propagation patterns and facilitate on-body deviceauthentication. We prove that at equilibrium, our adversarial model can extractall information about propagation patterns and eliminate any irrelevantinformation caused by motion variances. We build a prototype of our systemusing universal software radio peripheral (USRP) devices and conduct extensiveexperiments with both static and dynamic body motions in typical indoor andoutdoor environments. The experimental results show that our system achieves anaverage authentication accuracy of 90.4%, with a high area under the receiveroperating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 0.958 and better generalizationperformance in comparison with the conventional non-adversarial-based approach.
ThumbNet: One Thumbnail Image Contains All You Need for Recognition	2019	Although deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have achieved greatsuccess in the computer vision community, its real-world application is stillimpeded by its voracious demand of computational resources. Current worksmostly seek to compress the network by reducing its parameters orparameter-incurred computation, neglecting the influence of the input image onthe system complexity. Based on the fact that input images of a CNN containmuch redundant spatial content, we propose in this paper an efficient andunified framework, dubbed as ThumbNet, to simultaneously accelerate andcompress CNN models by enabling them to infer on one thumbnail image. Weprovide three effective strategies to train ThumbNet. In doing so, ThumbNetlearns an inference network that performs equally well on small images as theoriginal-input network on large images. With ThumbNet, not only do we obtainthe thumbnail-input inference network that can drastically reduce computationand memory requirements, but also we obtain an image downscaler that cangenerate thumbnail images for generic classification tasks. Extensiveexperiments show the effectiveness of ThumbNet, and demonstrate that thethumbnail-input inference network learned by ThumbNet can adequately retain theaccuracy of the original-input network even when the input images aredownscaled 16 times.
On regularity of the logarithmic forward map of electrical impedance  tomography	2019	This work considers properties of the logarithm of the Neumann-to-Dirichletboundary map for the conductivity equation in a Lipschitz domain. It is shownthat the mapping from the (logarithm of) the conductivity, i.e. the (logarithmof) the coefficient in the divergence term of the studied elliptic partialdifferential equation, to the logarithm of the Neumann-to-Dirichlet map iscontinuously Fr\'echet differentiable between natural topologies. Moreover, forany essentially bounded perturbation of the conductivity, the Fr\'echetderivative defines a bounded linear operator on the space of square integrablefunctions living on the domain boundary, although the logarithm of theNeumann-to-Dirichlet map itself is unbounded in that topology. In particular,it follows from the fundamental theorem of calculus that the difference betweenthe logarithms of any two Neumann-to-Dirichlet maps is always bounded on thespace of square integrable functions. All aforementioned results also hold ifthe Neumann-to-Dirichlet boundary map is replaced by its inverse, i.e. theDirichlet-to-Neumann map.
Plasmon Soft Mode in an Organic-Inorganic Hybrid Perovskite	2019	We report inelastic light scattering from underdamped plasmons in azetidiniumlead bromide (AzPbBr3). The plasmons are very strongly temperature dependentand serve as a soft mode for the semiconductor-insulator phase transition nearTC {\guillemotright} 150 K, demonstrating a continuous decrease in holeconcentration np(T) by at least a factor of four and implying a nearlytricritical transition. The plasmon frequency and linewidth agree withindependent measurements, and the impedance analysis reveals a frequencydependence (modelled by a constant phase element, CPE) that can be identifiedas due to electron-phonon coupling. The dependence of plasmon frequency upon(TC-T) is analogous to that for magnons in magnetic insulators or softtransverse optical phonons in ferroelectrics and ferroelastics, or for phasonsin incommensurately modulated insulators.
Coupled Learning for Facial Deblur	2019	Blur in facial images significantly impedes the efficiency of recognitionapproaches. However, most existing blind deconvolution methods cannot generatesatisfactory results due to their dependence on strong edges, which aresufficient in natural images but not in facial images. In this paper, werepresent point spread functions (PSFs) by the linear combination of a set ofpre-defined orthogonal PSFs, and similarly, an estimated intrinsic (EI) sharpface image is represented by the linear combination of a set of pre-definedorthogonal face images. In doing so, PSF and EI estimation is simplified todiscovering two sets of linear combination coefficients, which aresimultaneously found by our proposed coupled learning algorithm. To make ourmethod robust to different types of blurry face images, we generate severalcandidate PSFs and EIs for a test image, and then, a non-blind deconvolutionmethod is adopted to generate more EIs by those candidate PSFs. Finally, wedeploy a blind image quality assessment metric to automatically select theoptimal EI. Thorough experiments on the facial recognition technology database,extended Yale face database B, CMU pose, illumination, and expression (PIE)database, and face recognition grand challenge database version 2.0 demonstratethat the proposed approach effectively restores intrinsic sharp face imagesand, consequently, improves the performance of face recognition.
STATCOM Performance Evaluation Using Operation Data from Digital Fault  Recorder	2019	Static Synchronous Compensators (STATCOMs) are being employed by DominionEnergy to control voltage and enhance system stability. Due to the complexityof the control systems, operational modes, and nonlinearities, it is essentialto evaluate STATCOMs' behavior to ensure their correct and proper response todynamic events such as line faults, generator trip, or load rejectionthroughout the grid. This procedure brings benefit to device management byidentifying potential equipment problems and improve dynamic model forsimulation study. The proposed framework utilizes operation data collected inDigital Fault Recorder (DFR) to evaluate STATCOM's response to dynamic systemevents. One of the challenges on getting accurate model response comes fromSTATCOMs with automatic gain adjustment feature. This feature actively measuresthe external system's Thevanin impedance and accordingly changes the STATCOMgain. Therefore, when trying to recreate the field measurements in thesimulation environment, it is necessary to match the short circuit level (SCL)of the external system equivalent. This paper presents how these issues havebeen solved in order to evaluate STATCOM's performance. Finally, theeffectiveness of proposed performance evaluation method is validated based ontwo actual events caused by faults.
Read classification using semi-supervised deep learning	2019	In this paper, we propose a semi-supervised deep learning method fordetecting the specific types of reads that impede the de novo genome assemblyprocess. Instead of dealing directly with sequenced reads, we analyze theircoverage graphs converted to 1D-signals. We noticed that specific signalpatterns occur in each relevant class of reads. Semi-supervised approach ischosen because manually labelling the data is a very slow and tedious process,so our goal was to facilitate the assembly process with as little labeled dataas possible. We tested two models to learn patterns in the coverage graphs:M1+M2 and semi-GAN. We evaluated the performance of each model based on amanually labeled dataset that comprises various reads from multiple referencegenomes with respect to the number of labeled examples that were used duringthe training process. In addition, we embedded our detection in the assemblyprocess which improved the quality of assemblies.
Dimensional crossover in a layered ferromagnet detected by spin  correlation driven distortions	2019	Magneto-elastic distortions are commonly detected across magnetic long-rangeordering (LRO) transitions. In principle, they are also induced by the magneticshort-range ordering (SRO) that precedes a LRO transition, which containsinformation about short-range correlations and energetics that are essentialfor understanding how LRO is established. However these distortions aredifficult to resolve because the associated atomic displacements areexceedingly small and do not break symmetry. Here we demonstrate high-multipolenonlinear optical polarimetry as a sensitive and mode selective probe of SROinduced distortions using CrSiTe$_3$ as a testbed. This compound is composed ofweakly bonded sheets of nearly isotropic ferromagnetically interacting spinsthat, in the Heisenberg limit, would individually be impeded from LRO by theMermin-Wagner theorem. Our results show that CrSiTe$_3$ evades this law via atwo-step crossover from two- to three-dimensional magnetic SRO, manifestedthrough two successive and previously undetected totally symmetric distortionsabove its Curie temperature.
A passive GHz frequency-division multiplexer/demultiplexer based on  anisotropic magnon transport in magnetic nanosheets	2019	The emerging field of magnonics employs spin waves and their quanta, magnons,to implement wave-based computing on the micro- and nanoscale. Multi-frequencymagnon networks allow for parallel data processing within single logic elementswhereas this is not the case with conventional transistor-based electroniclogic. However, a lack of experimentally proven solutions to efficientlycombine and separate magnons of different frequencies has impeded the intensiveuse of this concept. In this Letter, we demonstrate the experimentalrealization of a spin-wave demultiplexer enabling frequency-dependentseparation of GHz signals. The device is based on two-dimensional magnontransport in the form of spin-wave beams in unpatterned magnetic nanosheets.The intrinsic frequency-dependence of the beam direction is exploited torealize a passive functioning obviating an external control and additionalpower consumption. This approach paves the way to magnonic multiplexingcircuits enabling simultaneous information transport and processing.
Strong photon coupling to the quadrupole moment of an electron in solid  state	2019	The implementation of circuit quantum electrodynamics allows coupling distantqubits by microwave photons hosted in on-chip superconducting resonators.Typically, the qubit-photon interaction is realized by coupling the photons tothe electric dipole moment of the qubit. A recent proposal suggests storing thequantum information in the electric quadrupole moment of an electron in atriple quantum dot. The qubit is expected to have improved coherence since itis insensitive to dipolar noise produced by distant voltage fluctuators. Herewe experimentally realize a quadrupole qubit in a linear array of three quantumdots in a GaAs/AlGaAs heterostructure. A high impedance microwave resonatorcoupled to the middle dot interacts with the qubit quadrupole moment. Wedemonstrate strong quadrupole qubit--photon coupling and observe improvedcoherence properties when operating the qubit in the parameter space where thedipole coupling vanishes.
A Novel Task-Oriented Text Corpus in Silent Speech Recognition and its  Natural Language Generation Construction Method	2019	Millions of people with severe speech disorders around the world may regaintheir communication capabilities through techniques of silent speechrecognition (SSR). Using electroencephalography (EEG) as a biomarker for speechdecoding has been popular for SSR. However, the lack of SSR text corpus hasimpeded the development of this technique. Here, we construct a noveltask-oriented text corpus, which is utilized in the field of SSR. In theprocess of construction, we propose a task-oriented hybrid construction methodbased on natural language generation algorithm. The algorithm focuses on thestrategy of data-to-text generation, and has two advantages includinglinguistic quality and high diversity. These two advantages use template-basedmethod and deep neural networks respectively. In an SSR experiment with thegenerated text corpus, analysis results show that the performance of our hybridconstruction method outperforms the pure method such as template-based naturallanguage generation or neural natural language generation models.
Mechanical heterogeneity in tissues promotes rigidity and controls  cellular invasion	2019	We study the influence of cell-level mechanical heterogeneity in epithelialtissues using a vertex-based model. Heterogeneity in single cell stiffness isintroduced as a quenched random variable in the preferred shape index($p_0$)for each cell. We uncovered a crossover scaling for the tissue shear modulus,suggesting that tissue collective rigidity is controlled by a single parameter$f_r$, which accounts for the fraction of rigid cells. Interestingly, therigidity onset occurs at $f_r=0.21$, far below the contact percolationthreshold of rigid cells. Due to the separation of rigidity and contactpercolations, heterogeneity can enhance tissue rigidity and gives rise to anintermediate solid state. The influence of heterogeneity on tumor invasiondynamics is also investigated. There is an overall impedance of invasion as thetissue becomes more rigid. Invasion can also occur in the intermediateheterogeneous solid state and is characterized by significant spatial-temporalintermittency.
An Omnidirectional Aerial Manipulation Platform for Contact-Based  Inspection	2019	This paper presents an omnidirectional aerial manipulation platform forrobust and responsive interaction with unstructured environments, toward thegoal of contact-based inspection. The fully actuated tilt-rotor aerial systemis equipped with a rigidly mounted end-effector, and is able to exert a 6degree of freedom force and torque, decoupling the system's translational androtational dynamics, and enabling precise interaction with the environmentwhile maintaining stability. An impedance controller with selective apparentinertia is formulated to permit compliance in certain degrees of freedom whileachieving precise trajectory tracking and disturbance rejection in others.Experiments demonstrate disturbance rejection, push-and-slide interaction, andon-board state estimation with depth servoing to interact with local surfaces.The system is also validated as a tool for contact-based non-destructivetesting of concrete infrastructure.
Approximated Oracle Filter Pruning for Destructive CNN Width  Optimization	2019	It is not easy to design and run Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) due to:1) finding the optimal number of filters (i.e., the width) at each layer istricky, given an architecture; and 2) the computational intensity of CNNsimpedes the deployment on computationally limited devices. Oracle Pruning isdesigned to remove the unimportant filters from a well-trained CNN, whichestimates the filters' importance by ablating them in turn and evaluating themodel, thus delivers high accuracy but suffers from intolerable timecomplexity, and requires a given resulting width but cannot automatically findit. To address these problems, we propose Approximated Oracle Filter Pruning(AOFP), which keeps searching for the least important filters in a binarysearch manner, makes pruning attempts by masking out filters randomly,accumulates the resulting errors, and finetunes the model via a multi-pathframework. As AOFP enables simultaneous pruning on multiple layers, we canprune an existing very deep CNN with acceptable time cost, negligible accuracydrop, and no heuristic knowledge, or re-design a model which exerts higheraccuracy and faster inference.
Accurate metasurface synthesis incorporating near-field coupling effects	2019	One of the most promising metasurface architectures for the microwave andterahertz frequency ranges consists of three patterned metallic layersseparated by dielectrics. Such metasurfaces are well suited to planarfabrication techniques and their synthesis is facilitated by modelling them asimpedance sheets separated by transmission lines. We show that this model canbe significantly inaccurate in some cases, due to near-field coupling betweenmetallic layers. This problem is particularly severe for higher frequencydesigns, where fabrication tolerances prevent the patterns from beinghighly-subwavelength in size. Since the near-field coupling is difficult todescribe analytically, correcting for it in a design typically requiresnumerical optimization. We propose an extension of the widely usedequivalent-circuit model to incorporate near-field coupling and show that theextended model can predict the scattering parameters of a metasurfaceaccurately. Based on our extended model, we introduce an improved metasurfacesynthesis algorithm that gives physical insight to the problem and efficientlycompensates for the perturbations induced by near-field coupling. Using theproposed algorithm, a Huygens metasurface for beam refraction is synthesizedshowing a performance close to the theoretical efficiency limit despite thepresence of strong near-field coupling.
Ultra-high Purcell factor using long-range modes in asymmetric plasmonic  waveguides	2019	For integrated optical devices, realistic utilization of the superiorwave-matter interaction offered by plasmonics is typically impeded by opticallosses, which increase rapidly with mode volume reduction. Althoughcoupled-mode plasmonic structures has demonstrated effective alleviation of theloss-confinement trade-off, stringent symmetry requirements must be enforcedfor such reduction to prevail. In this work, we report an asymmetric plasmonicwaveguide that is not only capable of guiding subwavelength optical mode withlong-range propagation, but is also unrestricted by structural, material, ormodal symmetry. In these composite hybrid plasmonic waveguides (CHPWs), theversatility afforded by coupling dissimilar plasmonic structures, within thesame waveguide, allow better fabrication tolerance and provide more degrees ofdesign freedom to simultaneously optimize various device attributes. The CHPWsused to demonstrated the concept in this work, exhibit propagation loss andmode area of only 0.03 dB/{\mu}m and 0.002 {\mu}m^2 respectively, correspondingto the smallest combination amongst experimentally demonstrated long-rangeplasmonic structures to-date. Moreover, CHPW micro-rings were realized withrecord in/out coupling excitation efficiency (71%), extinction ratio (29 dB),as well as Purcell factor (1.5\times10^4).
4D Seismic History Matching Incorporating Unsupervised Learning	2019	The work discussed and presented in this paper focuses on the historymatching of reservoirs by integrating 4D seismic data into the inversionprocess using machine learning techniques. A new integrated scheme for thereconstruction of petrophysical properties with a modified Ensemble Smootherwith Multiple Data Assimilation (ES-MDA) in a synthetic reservoir is proposed.The permeability field inside the reservoir is parametrised with anunsupervised learning approach, namely K-means with Singular ValueDecomposition (K-SVD). This is combined with the Orthogonal Matching Pursuit(OMP) technique which is very typical for sparsity promoting regularisationschemes. Moreover, seismic attributes, in particular, acoustic impedance, areparametrised with the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). This novel combinationof techniques from machine learning, sparsity regularisation, seismic imagingand history matching aims to address the ill-posedness of the inversion ofhistorical production data efficiently using ES-MDA. In the numericalexperiments provided, I demonstrate that these sparse representations of thepetrophysical properties and the seismic attributes enables to obtain betterproduction data matches to the true production data and to quantify thepropagating waterfront better compared to more traditional methods that do notuse comparable parametrisation techniques.
Quantum fluctuations and phase coherence in superconducting nanowires	2019	Quantum behavior of superconducting nanowires may essentially depend on theemployed experimental setup. Here we investigate a setup that enables passingequilibrium supercurrent across an arbitrary segment of the wire withoutrestricting fluctuations of its superconducting phase. The low temperaturephysics of the system is determined by a combined effect of collectivesound-like plasma excitations and quantum phase slips. At $T=0$ the wireexhibits two quantum phase transitions, both being controlled by thedimensionless wire impedance $g$. While thicker wires with $g>16$ staysuperconducting, in thinnest wires with $g<2$ the supercurrent is totallydestroyed by quantum fluctuations. The intermediate phase with $2<g<16$ ischaracterized by two different correlation lengths demonstratingsuperconducting-like behavior at shorter scales combined with vanishingsuperconducting response in the long scale limit.
On liners viscoacoustic impedance boundary conditions for an array of  Helmholtz resonators in 3D	2019	The present work deals with the resolution of the Linearized Navier-Stokesproblem in a domain made of an array that consists into a repetition ofelongated resonators connected to an half-space. We provide and justify a limitequivalent model which takes into account the presence of resonators array asan equivalent boundary condition. Our approach combines the method of matchedasymptotic expansions and the method of periodic surface homogenization adaptedto more than two scales, and a complete justification is included in the paper.
Stochastic Yield Catastrophes and Robustness in Self-Assembly	2019	A guiding principle in self-assembly is that, for high production yield,nucleation of structures must be significantly slower than their growth.However, details of the mechanism that impedes nucleation are broadlyconsidered irrelevant. Here, we analyze self-assembly into finite-sized targetstructures employing mathematical modeling. We investigate two key scenarios todelay nucleation: (i) by introducing a slow activation step for the assemblingconstituents and, (ii) by decreasing the dimerization rate. These scenarioshave widely different characteristics. While the dimerization scenario exhibitsrobust behavior, the activation scenario is highly sensitive to demographicfluctuations. These demographic fluctuations ultimately disfavor growthcompared to nucleation and can suppress yield completely. The occurrence ofthis stochastic yield catastrophe does not depend on model details but isgeneric as soon as number fluctuations between constituents are taken intoaccount. On a broader perspective, our results reveal that stochasticity is animportant limiting factor for self-assembly and that the specificimplementation of the nucleation process plays a significant role indetermining the yield.
Crystallization seeds favour crystallization only during initial growth	2019	Crystallization represents the prime example of a disorder order transition.In realistic situations, however, container walls and impurities are frequentlypresent and hence crystallization is heterogeneously seeded. Rarely the seedsare perfectly compatible with the thermodynamically favoured crystal structureand thus induce elastic distortions, which impede further crystal growth. Herewe use a colloidal model system, which not only allows us to quantitativelycontrol the induced distortions but also to visualize and follow heterogeneouscrystallization with single-particle resolution. We determine the sequence ofintermediate structures by confocal microscopy and computer simulations, anddevelop a theoretical model that describes our findings. The crystallite firstgrows on the seed but then, on reaching a critical size, detaches from theseed. The detached and relaxed crystallite continues to grow, except close tothe seed, which now prevents crystallization. Hence, crystallization seedsfacilitate crystallization only during initial growth and then act asimpurities.
Ensemble Decision Systems for General Video Game Playing	2019	Ensemble Decision Systems offer a unique form of decision making that allowsa collection of algorithms to reason together about a problem. Each individualalgorithm has its own inherent strengths and weaknesses, and often it isdifficult to overcome the weaknesses while retaining the strengths. Instead ofaltering the properties of the algorithm, the Ensemble Decision System augmentsthe performance with other algorithms that have complementing strengths. Thiswork outlines different options for building an Ensemble Decision System aswell as providing analysis on its performance compared to the individualcomponents of the system with interesting results, showing an increase in thegenerality of the algorithms without significantly impeding performance.
Deep Generalized Method of Moments for Instrumental Variable Analysis	2019	Instrumental variable analysis is a powerful tool for estimating causaleffects when randomization or full control of confounders is not possible. Theapplication of standard methods such as 2SLS, GMM, and more recent variants aresignificantly impeded when the causal effects are complex, the instruments arehigh-dimensional, and/or the treatment is high-dimensional. In this paper, wepropose the DeepGMM algorithm to overcome this. Our algorithm is based on a newvariational reformulation of GMM with optimal inverse-covariance weighting thatallows us to efficiently control very many moment conditions. We furtherdevelop practical techniques for optimization and model selection that make itparticularly successful in practice. Our algorithm is also computationallytractable and can handle large-scale datasets. Numerical results show ouralgorithm matches the performance of the best tuned methods in standardsettings and continues to work in high-dimensional settings where even recentmethods break.
Quantum interface for noble-gas spins	2019	An ensemble of noble-gas nuclear spins is a unique quantum system that couldmaintain coherence for many hours at room temperature and above, owing toexceptional isolation from the environment. This isolation, however, is a mixedblessing, limiting the ability of these ensembles to coherently interface withother quantum systems. Here we show that spin-exchange collisions withalkali-metal atoms render a quantum interface for noble-gas spins withoutimpeding their long coherence times. We formulate the many-body theory of thehybrid system and reveal a collective mechanism that strongly couples themacroscopic quantum states of the two spin ensembles. Despite their stochasticand random nature, weak collisions enable entanglement and reversible exchangeof nonclassical excitations in an efficient, controllable, and deterministicprocess. We outline feasible parameters for reaching the strong-couplingregime, paving the way towards an experimental realization of hour-long quantummemories and entanglement at room-temperature.
Tuning Water Slip Behavior in Nanochannels using Self-Assembled  Monolayers	2019	Water slip at solid surfaces is important for a wide range ofmicro/nano-fluidic applications. While it is known that water slip behaviordepends on surface functionalization, how it impacts the molecular leveldynamics and mass transport at the interface is still not thoroughlyunderstood. In this paper, we use nonequilibrium molecular dynamics simulationsto investigate the slip behavior of water confined between gold surfacesfunctionalized by self-assembled monolayer (SAM) molecules with different polarfunctional groups. We observe a positive-to-negative slip transition fromhydrophobic to hydrophilic SAM functionalizations, which is found related tothe stronger interfacial interaction between water molecules and morehydrophilic SAM molecules. The stronger interaction increases the surfacefriction and local viscosity, making water slip more difficult. Morehydrophilic functionalization also slows down the interfacial water relaxationand leads to more pronounced water trapping inside the SAM layer, which bothimpede water slip. The results from this work will provide useful insights tothe understanding of the water slip at functionalized surfaces and designguidelines for various applications.
Induced Charge Anisotropy: a Hidden Variable Affecting Ion Transport  through Membranes	2019	The ability of semipermeable membranes to selectively impede the transport ofundesirable solutes is key to many applications. Yet, obtaining a systematicunderstanding of how membrane structure affects selectivity remains elusive dueto the insufficient spatiotemporal resolution of existing experimentaltechniques, and the inaccessibility of relevant solute transport timescales toconventional molecular simulations. Here, we utilize jumpy forward-fluxsampling to probe the transport of sodium and chloride ions through a graphiticmembrane with sub-nm pores. We find chlorides to traverse the pore at ratesover two orders of magnitude faster than sodiums. We also identify two majorimpediments to the transport of both ion types. In addition to the partialdehydration of the leading ion, its traversal induces charge anisotropy at itsrear, which exerts a net restraining force on the ion. Charge anisotropy istherefore a crucial hidden variable controlling the kinetics of ion transportthrough nanopores.
Screen-printed and spray coated graphene-based RFID transponders	2019	We report Ultra-High-Frequency (UHF, 800MHz-1GHz) Radio FrequencyIdentification (RFID) transponders consisting of printed dipole antennascombined with RFID microchips. These are fabricated on Kapton via screenprinting and on paper via spray coating, using inks obtained viamicrofluidization of graphite. We introduce a hybrid antenna structure, wherean Al loop (small compared to the overall size of the antenna) is connected toa microchip with the double function of matching the impedances of antenna andmicrochip and avoiding bonding between exfoliated graphite and chip. Thetransponders have reading distance~11m at UHF RFID frequencies, larger thanpreviously reported for graphene-based RFID and comparable with commercialtransponders based on metallic antennas.
Geometrical MoM formulation for eigenmode analysis	2019	"The resonant frequencies of a structure and the associated fielddistributions are generally determined by solving a non-linear eigenvalueproblem. Using frequency-domain solvers, the response of the structure needs tobe evaluated at many different frequencies in order to solve the non-linearproblem. Moreover, these frequencies may be complex, the inverse of theimaginary part physically corresponding to the e-folding time of the energy ofthe mode. In this paper, we propose to use the so-called ""Geometrical Method ofMoments"" (GMoM) to accelerate the computation of the resonant frequencies of astructure using the Method of Moments. First, purely geometrical reactionintegrals are precomputed, which do not depend on the frequency nor materialparameters. Then, by summing these terms with proper weights, the impedancematrix can be obtained for any complex frequency. This method easilyaccommodates for dispersive materials provided that the permittivity andpermeability of the material can be extrapolated to complex frequencies."
Long Thermal Stability of Inverted Perovskite Photovoltaics  Incorporating Fullerene-based Diffusion Blocking Layer	2019	In this article, the stability of p-i-n perovskite solar cells is studiedunder accelerated heat lifetime conditions (60 oC ,85oC and N2 atmosphere). Byusing a combination of buffer layer engineering, impedance spectroscopy andother characterization techniques, we propose the interaction of the perovskiteactive layer with the top Al metal electrode through diffusion mechanisms asthe major thermal degradation pathway for planar inverted perovskitephotovoltaics (PVs) under 85oC heat conditions. We show that by using thicksolution processed fullerene buffer layer the perovskite active layer can beisolated from the top metal electrode and improve the lifetime performance ofthe inverted perovskite photovoltaics at 85 oC. Finally, we present anoptimized solution processed inverted perovskite PV device using thickfullerene-based diffusion blocking layer with over 1000 hours accelerated heatlifetime performance at 60oC.
Asynchronous Circuits as an Enabler of Scalable And Programmable  Metasurfaces	2019	Metamaterials and metasurfaces have given possibilities for manipulatingelectromagnetic (EM) waves that in the past would have seemed impossible. Themajority of metasurface designs are suitable for a particular frequency andangle of incidence. One long-sought objective is the design of programmablemetasurfaces to dynamically manipulate a variety of incoming EM frequencies andangles. In order to do this, a large-scale mesh of networked chips are requiredbelow the metasurface, which apart from adapting electrical impedanceproperties, also communicate with each other, thus relaying information aboutmeta-atom settings, as well as forwarding possible distributed measurementstaken. This paper describes why an asynchronous mixed-signal ASIC isadvantageous for the control of scalable, EM absorbing, metasurfaces.
BIGPATENT: A Large-Scale Dataset for Abstractive and Coherent  Summarization	2019	Most existing text summarization datasets are compiled from the news domain,where summaries have a flattened discourse structure. In such datasets,summary-worthy content often appears in the beginning of input articles.Moreover, large segments from input articles are present verbatim in theirrespective summaries. These issues impede the learning and evaluation ofsystems that can understand an article's global content structure as well asproduce abstractive summaries with high compression ratio. In this work, wepresent a novel dataset, BIGPATENT, consisting of 1.3 million records of U.S.patent documents along with human written abstractive summaries. Compared toexisting summarization datasets, BIGPATENT has the following properties: i)summaries contain a richer discourse structure with more recurring entities,ii) salient content is evenly distributed in the input, and iii) lesser andshorter extractive fragments are present in the summaries. Finally, we trainand evaluate baselines and popular learning models on BIGPATENT to shed lighton new challenges and motivate future directions for summarization research.
ADA-Tucker: Compressing Deep Neural Networks via Adaptive Dimension  Adjustment Tucker Decomposition	2019	Despite the recent success of deep learning models in numerous applications,their widespread use on mobile devices is seriously impeded by storage andcomputational requirements. In this paper, we propose a novel networkcompression method called Adaptive Dimension Adjustment Tucker decomposition(ADA-Tucker). With learnable core tensors and transformation matrices,ADA-Tucker performs Tucker decomposition of arbitrary-order tensors.Furthermore, we propose that weight tensors in networks with proper order andbalanced dimension are easier to be compressed. Therefore, the high flexibilityin decomposition choice distinguishes ADA-Tucker from all previous low-rankmodels. To compress more, we further extend the model to Shared Core ADA-Tucker(SCADA-Tucker) by defining a shared core tensor for all layers. Our methodsrequire no overhead of recording indices of non-zero elements. Without loss ofaccuracy, our methods reduce the storage of LeNet-5 and LeNet-300 by ratios of691 times and 233 times, respectively, significantly outperforming state of theart. The effectiveness of our methods is also evaluated on other threebenchmarks (CIFAR-10, SVHN, ILSVRC12) and modern newly deep networks (ResNet,Wide-ResNet).
Modulation and phase-locking in nanocontact vortex oscillators	2019	We have conducted experiments to probe how the dynamics of nanocontact vortexoscillators can be modulated by an external signal. We explore thephase-locking properties in both the commensurate and chaotic regimes, wherechaos appears to impede phase-locking while a more standard behavior is seen inthe commensurate phase. These different regimes correspond to how theperiodicity of the vortex core reversal relates to the frequency of coregyration around the nanocontact; a commensurate phase appears when the reversalrate is an integer fraction of the gyration frequency, while a chaotic stateappears when this ratio is irrational. External modulation where the powerspectral density exhibits rich features, appears due to the modulation betweenthe external source frequency, gyration frequency, and core reversal frequency.We explain these features with first- or second-order modulation between thethree frequencies. Phase-locking is also visible between the external sourcefrequency and internal vortex modes (gyration and core reversal modes).
Fast charge sensing of Si/SiGe quantum dots via a high-frequency  accumulation gate	2019	Quantum dot arrays are a versatile platform for the implementation of spinqubits, as high-bandwidth sensor dots can be integrated with single-, double-and triple-dot qubits yielding fast and high-fidelity qubit readout. However,for undoped silicon devices, reflectometry off sensor ohmics suffers from thefinite resistivity of the two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG), and alternativereadout methods are limited to measuring qubit capacitance, rather than qubitcharge. By coupling a surface-mount resonant circuit to the plunger gate of ahigh-impedance sensor, we realized a fast charge sensing technique that iscompatible with resistive 2DEGs. We demonstrate this by acquiring at high speedcharge stability diagrams of double- and triple-dot arrays in Si/SiGeheterostructures as well as pulsed-gate single-shot charge and spin readoutwith integration times as low as 2.4 $\mu$s.
CNN-based Survival Model for Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma in Medical  Imaging	2019	Cox proportional hazard model (CPH) is commonly used in clinical research forsurvival analysis. In quantitative medical imaging (radiomics) studies, CPHplays an important role in feature reduction and modeling. However, theunderlying linear assumption of CPH model limits the prognostic performance. Inaddition, the multicollinearity of radiomic features and multiple testingproblem further impedes the CPH models performance. In this work, usingtransfer learning, a convolutional neural network (CNN) based survival modelwas built and tested on preoperative CT images of resectable Pancreatic DuctalAdenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients. The proposed CNN-based survival modeloutperformed the traditional CPH-based radiomics approach in terms ofconcordance index by 22%, providing a better fit for patients' survivalpatterns. The proposed CNN-based survival model outperforms CPH-based radiomicspipeline in PDAC prognosis. This approach offers a better fit for survivalpatterns based on CT images and overcomes the limitations of conventionalsurvival models.
Broadband ultra-thin acoustic metasurface absorber	2019	We theoretically and experimentally propose two designs of broadbandlow-frequency acoustic metasurface absorbers (Sample I/Sample II) for thefrequency ranges of 458Hz~968Hz and 231Hz~491Hz (larger than 1 octave), withabsorption larger than 0.8, and having the ultra-thin thickness of 5.2cm and10.4cm respectively ({\lambda}/15 for the lowest working frequency and{\lambda}/7.5 for the highest frequency). The designed supercell consists of 16different unit cells corresponding to 16 eigen frequencies for resonantabsorptions. The coupling of multiple resonances leads to broadband absorptioneffect in the full range of the targeted frequency spectrum. In particular, wepropose to combine gradient-change channel and coiled structure to achievesimultaneous impedance matching and minimal occupied space, leading to theultra-thin thickness of the metasurface absorbers. Our conceived ultra-thinlow-frequency broadband absorbers may lead to pragmatic implementations andapplications in noise control field.
Pulse-Enhanced Two-Photon Interference with Solid State Quantum Emitters	2019	The ability to entangle distant quantum nodes is essential for theconstruction of quantum networks and for quantum information processing. Forsolid-state quantum emitters used as qubits, it can be achieved by photoninterference. When the emitter is subject to spectral diffusion, this processcan become highly inefficient, impeding the achievement of scalable quantumtechnologies. We study two-photon interference in the context of aHong-Ou-Mandel (HOM)-type experiment for two separate quantum emitters, withdifferent detunings with respect to a specific target frequency. We evaluatethe second order coherences that characterize photon indistinguishabilitybetween the two emitters. We find that the two-photon interference operationthat is inefficient in the absence of a control protocol, when the twodetunings are different and spectral overlap is lessened, can be highlyimproved by a periodic sequence of $\pi$ pulses at a set target frequency.Photon indistinguishability in solid state and other quantum emitters subjectto spectral diffusion can thus be enhanced by the proposed pulse sequence andsimilar external control protocols despite the fluctuations in the environment.
Network-accelerated Distributed Machine Learning Using MLFabric	2019	Existing distributed machine learning (DML) systems focus on improving thecomputational efficiency of distributed learning, whereas communication aspectshave received less attention. Many DML systems treat the network as a blackbox.Thus, DML algorithms' performance is impeded by network bottlenecks, and DMLsystems end up sacrificing important algorithmic and system-level benefits. Wepresent MLfabric, a communication library that manages all network transfers ina DML system, and holistically determines the communication pattern of a DMLalgorithm at any point in time. This allows MLfabric to carefully ordertransfers (i.e., gradient updates) to improve convergence, opportunisticallyaggregate updates in-network to improve efficiency, and proactively replicatesome of them to support new notions of fault tolerance. We empirically findthat MLfabric achieves up to 3X speed-up in training large deep learning modelsin realistic dynamic cluster settings.
Neural Dynamics Discovery via Gaussian Process Recurrent Neural Networks	2019	Latent dynamics discovery is challenging in extracting complex dynamics fromhigh-dimensional noisy neural data. Many dimensionality reduction methods havebeen widely adopted to extract low-dimensional, smooth and time-evolving latenttrajectories. However, simple state transition structures, linear embeddingassumptions, or inflexible inference networks impede the accurate recovery ofdynamic portraits. In this paper, we propose a novel latent dynamic model thatis capable of capturing nonlinear, non-Markovian, long short-termtime-dependent dynamics via recurrent neural networks and tackling complexnonlinear embedding via non-parametric Gaussian process. Due to the complexityand intractability of the model and its inference, we also provide a powerfulinference network with bi-directional long short-term memory networks thatencode both past and future information into posterior distributions. In theexperiment, we show that our model outperforms other state-of-the-art methodsin reconstructing insightful latent dynamics from both simulated andexperimental neural datasets with either Gaussian or Poisson observations,especially in the low-sample scenario. Our codes and additional materials areavailable at https://github.com/sheqi/GP-RNN_UAI2019.
Simultaneous Achievement of Driver Assistance and Skill Development in  Shared and Cooperative Controls	2019	Advanced driver assistance systems have successfully reduced drivers'workloads and increased safety. On the other hand, the excessive use of suchsystems can impede the development of driving skills. However, there existcollaborative driver assistance systems, including shared and cooperativecontrols, which can promote effective collaboration between an assistancesystem and a human operator under appropriate system settings. Given aneffective collaboration setup, we address the goal of simultaneously developingor maintaining driving skills while reducing workload. As there has been apaucity of research on such systems and their methodologies, we discuss amethodology applying shared and cooperative controls by considering relatedconcepts in the skill training field. Reverse parking assisted by haptic sharedcontrol is presented as a means of increasing performance during assistance,while skill improvement following assistance is used to demonstrate thepossibility of simultaneous achievement of driver assistance through thereduction of workload and skill improvement.
Boundedness from below in the $U(1)\times U(1)$ three-Higgs-Doublet  model	2019	Establishing if multi-Higgs potentials are bounded from below (BFB) can berather challenging, and it may impede efficient investigation of allphenomenological consequences of such models. In this paper, we find thenecessary and sufficient BFB conditions for the Three-Higgs-Doublet model(3HDM) with the global symmetry group $U(1)\times U(1)$. We observed animportant role played by charge-breaking directions in the Higgs space, evenfor situations when a good-looking neutral minimum exists. This remark is notlimited to the particular model we consider but represents a rather generalfeature of elaborate multi-Higgs potentials which must be carefully dealt with.Also, applying this method to Weinberg's model (the $\mathbb{Z}_2 \times\mathbb{Z}_2$ symmetric 3HDM) turned out to be more challenging than wasbelieved in the literature. In particular, we have found that the approachtaken in a paper from 2009 does not lead to the necessary and sufficient BFBconditions for this case.
Design and testing of a bunch-by-bunch beam position transverse feedback  processor	2019	Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility (SSRF) is a 3.5 GeV storage ring witha bunch rate of 499.654 MHz, harmonic number of 720, and circumference of 432meters. SSRF injection works at 3.5 GeV, where the multi-bunch instabilitieslimit the maximum stored current. In order to suppress multi-bunchinstabilities caused by transverse impedance, a bunch-by-bunch transversefeedback system is indispensable for SSRF. The key component of that system isthe bunch-by-bunch transverse feedback electronics. An important task in theelectronics is precise time synchronization. In this paper, a novel clocksynchronization and precise delay adjustment method based on the PLLs and delaylines are proposed. Test results indicate that the ENOB (Effective Number OfBits) of the analog-to-digital conversion circuit is better than 9 bits in theinput signal frequency range from 100 kHz to 700 MHz, and the closed loopattenuation at the critical frequency points is better than 40 dB. The initialcommissioning tests with the beam in SSRF are also conducted, and the resultsare consistent with the expectations.
Perfect conversion of a TM surface-wave into a TM leaky-wave by an  isotropic periodic metasurface printed on a grounded dielectric slab	2019	This paper presents an exact solution for a perfect conversion of aTM-polarized surface wave (SW) into a TM-polarized leaky-wave (LW) using areciprocal and lossless penetrable metasurface (MTS) characterized by a scalarsheet impedance, located on a grounded slab. In contrast to known realizationsof leaky-wave antennas, the optimal surface reactance modulation which is foundhere ensures the absence of evanescent higher-order modes of the fieldFloquet-wave expansion near the radiating surface. Thus, all the energy carriedby the surface wave is used for launching the single inhomogeneous plane waveinto space without accumulation of reactive energy in the higher-order modes.It is shown that the resulting penetrable MTS exhibits variation from aninductive to a capacitive reactance passing through a resonance. The presentformulation complements a previous paper of the authors in which a perfectconversion from TM-polarized SW to TE-polarized LW was found for impenetrableboundary conditions. The solution here takes into account the grounded slabdispersion and it is convenient for practical implementation.
Extending Single Molecule Frster Resonance Energy Transfer (FRET)  Range Beyond 10 Nanometers in Zero-Mode Waveguides	2019	"Single molecule F\""orster resonance energy transfer (smFRET) is widely usedto monitor conformations and interactions dynamics at the molecular level.However, conventional smFRET measurements are ineffective at donor-acceptordistances exceeding 10 nm, impeding the studies on biomolecules of larger size.Here, we show that zero-mode waveguide (ZMW) apertures can be used to overcomethe 10 nm barrier in smFRET. Using an optimized ZMW structure, we demonstratesmFRET between standard commercial fluorophores up to 13.6 nm distance with asignificantly improved FRET efficiency. To further break into the classicalFRET range limit, ZMWs are combined with molecular constructs featuringmultiple acceptor dyes to achieve high FRET efficiencies together with highfluorescence count rates. As we discuss general guidelines for quantitativesmFRET measurements inside ZMWs, the technique can be readily applied formonitoring conformations and interactions on large molecular complexes withenhanced brightness."
Distortion Analysis for the Assessment of LTI and non-LTI Transmitters	2019	Bounds on the frequency domain behavior of electrically small antennas areadapted to assess the time domain distortion or fidelity achievable by simplelinear time-invariant (LTI) systems. Rigorous expressions for a TM$_{01}$spherical shell are used as a direct analog to the well known Chu limit on anantenna's bandwidth-efficiency product. These expressions are shown to agreewith results obtained using narrowband single resonance approximations,allowing for the analysis of arbitrary small dipole-like structures throughbounds on their single frequency Q-factor and efficiency. The resultingexpressions are used as a basis for assessing the performance gains ofelectrically small non-LTI (e.g., direct antenna modulation) transmitters forwhich Q-factor and impedance bandwidth are not defined but which can beanalyzed directly in the time domain via distortion.
Coverage Probability Analysis Under Clustered Ambient Backscatter Nodes	2019	In this paper, we consider a new large-scale communication scheme whererandomly distributed AmBC nodes are involved as secondary users to primarytransmitter (PT) and primary receiver (PR) pairs. The secondary communicationbetween a backscatter transmitter (BT) and a backscatter receiver (BR) isconducted by the BT's reflecting its corresponding PT's signal with differentantenna impedances, which introduces additional double fading channels andpotential inter-symbol-interference to the primary communications. Thus, at atypical PR, the backscatter signals are regarded as either decodable signals orinterference. Assuming the locations of PTs form a Poisson point process andthe locations of BTs form a Poisson cluster process, we derive the SINR and SIRbased coverage probabilities for two network configuration scenarios. Numericalresults on the coverage probabilities indicate the possibility to involve alarge amount of AmBC nodes in existing wireless networks.
All-optical tuning of a diamond micro-disk resonator on silicon	2019	High quality integrated diamond photonic devices have previously beendemonstrated in applications from non-linear photonics to on-chip quantumoptics. However, the small sample sizes of single crystal material available,and the difficulty in tuning its optical properties, are barriers to thescaling of these technologies. Both of these issues can be addressed byintegrating micron scale diamond devices onto host photonic integrated circuitsusing a highly accurate micro-assembly method. In this work a diamondmicro-disk resonator is integrated with a standard single modesilicon-on-insulator waveguide, exhibiting an average loaded Q-factor of3.1x10^4 across a range of spatial modes, with a maximum loaded Q-factor of1.05x10^5. The micron scale device size and high thermal impedance of thesilica interface layer allow for significant thermal loading and continuousresonant wavelength tuning across a 450 pm range using a mW level optical pump.This diamond-on-demand integration technique paves the way for tunable devicescoupled across large scale photonic circuits.
Data-driven materials science: status, challenges and perspectives	2019	Data-driven science is heralded as a new paradigm in materials science. Inthis field, data is the new resource, and knowledge is extracted from materialsdata sets that are too big or complex for traditional human reasoning -typically with the intent to discover new or improved materials or materialsphenomena. Multiple factors, including the open science movement, nationalfunding, and progress in information technology, have fueled its development.Such related tools as materials databases, machine learning, andhigh-throughput methods are now established as parts of the materials researchtoolset. However, there are a variety of challenges that impede progress indata-driven materials science: data veracity, integration of experimental andcomputational data, data longevity, standardization, and the gap betweenindustrial interests and academic efforts. In this perspective article, wediscuss the historical development and current state of data-driven materialsscience, building from the early evolution of open science to the rapidexpansion of materials data infrastructures. We also review key successes andchallenges so far, providing a perspective on the future development of thefield.
Extending generalized Debye analysis to long timescale magnetic  relaxation	2019	As the ability to generate magnetic anisotropy in molecular materialscontinues to hit new milestones, concerted effort has shifted towardsunderstanding, and potentially controlling, the mechanisms of magneticrelaxation across a large time and temperature space. Slow magnetic relaxationin molecules is highly temperature-, field-, and environment-dependent with therelevant timescale easily traversing ten orders of magnitude for currentsingle-molecule magnets (SMM). The prospect of synthetic control over thenature of (and transition probabilities between) magnetic states makeunraveling the underlying mechanisms an important yet daunting challenge.Currently, instrumental considerations dictate that the characteristicrelaxation time, $\tau$, is determined by separate methods depending on thetimescale of interest. Static and dynamic probe fields are used for long andshort timescales, respectively. Each method captures a distinct,non-overlapping time range, and experimental differences lead to thepossibility of fundamentally different meanings for $\tau$ being plotted andfitted globally as a function of temperature. Herein, we present a method togenerate long-timescale waveforms with standard vibrating sample magnetometry(VSM) instrumentation, allowing extension of alternating current (AC) magneticimpedance measurements to SMMs and other superparamagnets with arbitrarily longrelaxation time.
Niobium nitride thin films for very low temperature resistive  thermometry	2019	We investigate thin film resistive thermometry based onmetal-to-insulator-transition (niobium nitride) materials down to very lowtemperature. The variation of the NbN thermometer resistance have beencalibrated versus temperature and magnetic field. High sensitivity intempertaure variation detection is demonstrated through efficient temperaturecoefficient of resistance. The nitrogen content of the niobium nitride thinfilms can be tuned to adjust the optimal working temperature range. In thepresent experiment, we show the versatility of the NbN thin film technologythrough applications in very different low temperature use-cases. Wedemonstrate that thin film resistive thermometry can be extended totemperatures below 30 mK with low electrical impedance.
Hardware Constraints in Compressive Sensing Based Antenna Array	2019	New constraints based on practical hardware are introduced in compressivesensing (CS) based rectangular antenna array thinning technique. In a standardCS array sparsity enforcement, antenna elements are considered as ideal pointsources which do not comply with the practical hardware. It also does notconsider the impact of mutual coupling of neighbouring antenna elements on theimpedance mismatch. In this work, we propose a combination of constraints basedon physical antenna array specifications, mutual coupling and practical antennaelement radiation performance in the CS-based array thinning enforcement.Analytical modelling along with a design example is presented and discussed.Array performance based on full-wave electromagnetic simulations shows thereliability of the proposed approach.
Performance of a low-parasitic frequency-domain multiplexing readout	2019	Frequency-domain multiplexing is a readout technique for transition edgesensor bolometer arrays used on modern CMB experiments, including the SPT-3Greceiver. Here, we present design details and performance measurements for alow-parasitic frequency-domain multiplexing readout. Reducing the parasiticimpedance of the connections between cryogenic components provides a path toimproving both the crosstalk and noise performance of the readout. Reducedcrosstalk will in turn allow higher multiplexing factors. We have demonstrateda factor of two improvement in parasitic resistance compared to SPT-3Ghardware. Reduced parasitics also permits operation of lower-resistancebolometers, which enables better optimization of R$_{\rm{bolo}}$ for improvedreadout noise performance. The prototype system exhibits noise performancecomparable to SPT-3G readout hardware when operating SPT-3G detectors.
Voltage control of DC networks: robustness for unknown ZIP-loads	2019	In this paper we propose a new passivity-based control technique for DC powernetworks comprising the so-called ZIP-loads, i.e., nonlinear loads with theparallel combination of unknown constant impedance (Z), current (I) and power(P) components. More precisely, we propose a novel passifying input and astorage function based on the so-called mixed potential function introduced byBrayton and Moser, leading to a novel passivity property with outputport-variable equal to the first time derivative of the voltage. Differentlyfrom the existing results in the literature, where restrictive (sufficient)conditions on Z, P and the voltage reference are assumed to be satisfied, weestablish a passivity property for every positive voltage reference and everytype of load. Consequently, we develop a new decentralized passivity-basedcontrol scheme that is robust with respect to the uncertainty affecting theZIP-loads.
HEAR to remove pops and drifts: the high-variance electrode artifact  removal (HEAR) algorithm	2019	A high fraction of artifact-free signals is highly desirable in functionalneuroimaging and brain-computer interfacing (BCI). We present the high-varianceelectrode artifact removal (HEAR) algorithm to remove transient electrode popand drift (PD) artifacts from electroencephalographic (EEG) signals. TransientPD artifacts reflect impedance variations at the electrode scalp interface thatare caused by ion concentration changes. HEAR and its online version (oHEAR)are open-source and publicly available. Both outperformed state of the artoffline and online transient, high-variance artifact correction algorithms forsimulated EEG signals. (o)HEAR attenuated PD artifacts by approx. 25 dB, and atthe same time maintained a high SNR during PD artifact-free periods. Forreal-world EEG data, (o)HEAR reduced the fraction of outlier trials by half andmaintained the waveform of a movement related cortical potential during acenter-out reaching task. In the case of BCI training, using oHEAR can improvethe reliability of the feedback a user receives through reducing a potentialnegative impact of PD artifacts.
Local Spectroscopies Reveal Percolative Metal in Disordered Mott  Insulators	2019	We elucidate the mechanism by which a Mott insulator transforms into anon-Fermi liquid metal upon increasing disorder at half filling. By correlatingmaps of the local density of states, the local magnetization and the local bondconductivity, we find a collapse of the Mott gap toward a V-shape pseudogappeddensity of states that occurs concomitantly with the decrease of magnetismaround the highly disordered sites but an increase of bond conductivity. Thesemetallic regions percolate to form an emergent non-Fermi liquid phase with aconductivity that increases with temperature. Bond conductivity measured vialocal microwave impedance combined with charge and spin local spectroscopiesare ideal tools to corroborate our predictions.
Activation of nominally silent domain wall-localized phonons from GHz to  THz frequencies	2019	Ferroelectric domain walls (DWs) are nanoscale topological defects that canbe easily tailored to create nanoscale devices. Their excitations, recentlydiscovered to be responsible for DW GHz conductivity, hold promise for fastersignal transmission and processing speed compared to the existing technology.Here we find that DW phonons disperse from GHz to THz frequencies, thusexplaining the origin of the surprisingly broad GHz signature in DWconductivity. Puzzling activation of nominally silent DW sliding modes inBiFeO3 is traced back to DW tilting and resulting asymmetry in wall-localizedphonons. The obtained phonon spectra and selection rules are used to simulatescanning impedance microscopy, emerging as a powerful probe in nanophononics.The results will guide experimental discovery of the predicted phonon branchesand design of DW-based nanodevices.
Room Temperature, Quantum-Limited THz Heterodyne Detection? Not Yet	2019	In their article, Wang et al. [1] report a new scheme for THz heterodynedetection using a laser-driven LTG-GaAs photomixer [2, 3] and make theimpressive claim of achieving near quantum-limited sensitivity at roomtemperature. Unfortunately, their experimental methodology is incorrect, andfurthermore the paper provides no information on the mixer conversion loss, animportant quantity that could readily have been measured and reported as aconsistency check. The paper thus offers no reliable experimental evidence thatsubstantiates the claimed sensitivities. To the contrary, the very high valuereported for their photomixer impedance strongly suggests that the conversionloss is quite poor and that the actual sensitivity is far worse than claimed.
The Software-Defined Metasurfaces Concept and Electromagnetic Aspects	2019	We present the concept and electromagnetic aspects of HyperSurFaces (HSFs),artificial, ultrathin structures with software controlled electromagneticproperties. The HSFs key unit is the metasurface, a plane with designedsubwavelength features whose electromagnetic response can be tuned viavoltage-controlled continuously-tunable electrical elements that provide localcontrol of the surface impedance and advanced functionalities, such as tunableperfect absorption or wavefront manipulation. A nanonetwork of controllersenables software defined HSFs control related to the emerging Internet ofThings paradigm.
A Mixed-Signal Large Dynamic Range Front-End ASIC for High Capacitance  Detectors	2019	A 64-channel mixed-mode ASIC, suitable for particle detectors of largedynamic range and high capacitance up to hundreds of pF, is presented here.Each channel features an analogue front-end for signal amplification andfiltering, and a mixed signal back-end to digitise and store the signalinformation. The analogue part consists of a low input-impedance programmablegain pre-amplifier based on a regulated common-gate (RCG) input stage, twoshapers optimised for time and energy measurements. The back-end part mainlyincludes discriminators, TDCs and ADCs, which are used to process the signaland encode both the time of arrival and the charge in the input signal with afully digital output. The programmable gain of the front-end (up to 400 fCinput dynamic range) and the versatile back-end allow the readout of differentgaseous detectors like GEM, MicroMEGAS and MWPC. The ASIC is designed for anevent rate up to 100 kHz per channel and a power consumption less than 9mW/channel, has been fabricated in a 110 nm CMOS technology.
Extreme Low-Frequency Ultrathin Acoustic Absorbing Metasurface	2019	We introduce a multi-coiled acoustic metasurface providing a quasi-perfectabsorption (reaching 99.99% in experiments) at extremely low-frequency of 50Hz, and simultaneously featuring an ultrathin thickness down to {\lambda}/527(1.3 cm). In contrast to the state of the art, this original conceivedmulti-coiled metasurface offers additional degrees of freedom capable to tunethe acoustic impedance effectively without increasing the total thickness. Weprovide analytical derivation, numerical simulation and experimentaldemonstrations for this unique absorber concept, and discuss its physicalmechanism which breaks the quarter-wavelength resonator theory. Furthermore,based on the same conceptual approach, we propose a broadband lowfrequencymetasurface absorber by coupling unit cells exhibiting different properties.
On The Inverse Relaxation Approach To Supercapacitors Characterization	2019	"A distributed internal RC structure is observed in electrical measurements ofthe supercapacitors. The distribution is caused by the hierarchical porousstructure of the electrodes. In the present work an inverse relaxationtechnique is proposed to characterization of the internal RC structure. Thetechnique allows to determine the ratio of ""easy"" and ""hard"" to accesscapacitances. The method consists in shorting a supercapacitor (initiallycharged to a $U_0$) for a short (lower than the internal $RC$) time $\tau$,then switching to the open circuit regime and measuring an initial rebound$U_1$ and a long--time asymptotic $U_2$. The main result is the possibility tofind the ratio of ""easy"" and ""hard"" to access capacitances as$\eta=(U_0-U_2)/(U_2-U_1)$. This characteristic is an immanent characteristicof a supercapacitor, it is stable in several orders of $\tau$ range. The theoryis implemented numerically and tested on a number of model structures. Themodels are then compared to temporal and impedance measurements of commercialsupercapacitors of several manufacturers. The approach can be effectivelyapplied to characterization of supercapacitors and other relaxation typesystems with porous internal structure."
Oxygen Vacancy Induced Structural Distortions in Black Titania -- A  Unique Approach using Soft X-Ray EXAFS at the O K-Edge	2019	Unknown changes in the crystalline order of regular TiO$_2$ result in theformation of black titania, which has garnered significant interest as aphotocatalytic material due to the accompanying electronic changes. Herein, wedetermine the nature of the lattice distortion caused by an oxygen vacancy thatin turn results in the formation of mid-band gap states found in previousstudies of black titania. We introduce an innovative technique using astate-of-the-art silicon drift detector, which can be used in conjunction withextended x-ray absorption fine structure (EXAFS) to measure bulk interatomicdistances. We illustrate how the energy dispersive nature of such a detectorcan allow us an unimpeded signal, indefinitely in energy space, therebysidestepping the hurdles of more conventional EXAFS, which is often impeded byother absorption edges.
Cable-driven robotic interface for lower limb neuromechanics  identification	2019	This paper presents a versatile cable-driven robotic interface to investigatethe single-joint joint neuromechanics of the hip, knee and ankle. Thisendpoint-based interface offers highly dynamic interaction and accurateposition control, as is typically required for neuromechanics identification.It can be used with the subject upright, corresponding to natural postureduring walking or standing, and does not impose kinematic constraints on ajoint, in contrast to existing interfaces. Mechanical evaluations demonstratedthat the interface yields a rigidity above 500N/m with low viscosity. Testswith a rigid dummy leg and linear springs show that it can identify themechanical impedance of a limb accurately. A smooth perturbation is developedand tested with a human subject, which can be used to estimate the hipneuromechanics.
Toward a Taxonomy of Inventory Systems for Virtual Reality Games	2019	Virtual reality (VR) games are gradually becoming more elaborated andfeature-rich, but fail to reach the complexity of traditional digital games.One common feature that is used to extend and organize complex gameplay is thein-game inventory, which allows players to obtain and carry new tools and itemsthroughout their journey. However, VR imposes additional requirements andchallenges that impede the implementation of this important feature and hindergames to unleash their full potential. Our current work focuses on the designspace of inventories in VR games. We introduce this sparsely researched topicby constructing a first taxonomy of the underlying design considerations andbuilding blocks. Furthermore, we present three different inventories that weredesigned using our taxonomy and evaluate them in an early qualitative study.The results underline the importance of our research and reveal promisinginsights that show the huge potential for VR games.
Detecting Heterogeneous Treatment Effect with Instrumental Variables	2019	There is an increasing interest in estimating heterogeneity in causal effectsin randomized and observational studies. However, little research has beenconducted to understand heterogeneity in an instrumental variables study. Inthis work, we present a method to estimate heterogeneous causal effects usingan instrumental variable approach. The method has two parts. The first partuses subject-matter knowledge and interpretable machine learning techniques,such as classification and regression trees, to discover potential effectmodifiers. The second part uses closed testing to test for the statisticalsignificance of the effect modifiers while strongly controlling familywiseerror rate. We conducted this method on the Oregon Health Insurance Experiment,estimating the effect of Medicaid on the number of days an individual's healthdoes not impede their usual activities, and found evidence of heterogeneity inolder men who prefer English and don't self-identify as Asian and youngerindividuals who have at most a high school diploma or GED and prefer English.
Bi-cross validation for estimating spectral clustering hyper parameters	2019	One challenge impeding the analysis of terabyte scale x-ray scattering datafrom the Linac Coherent Light Source LCLS, is determining the number ofclusters required for the execution of traditional clustering algorithms. Herewe demonstrate that previous work using bi-cross validation (BCV) to determinethe number of singular vectors directly maps to the spectral clustering problemof estimating both the number of clusters and hyper parameter values. Theseresults indicate that the process of estimating the number of clusters shouldnot be divorced from the process of estimating other hyper parameters. Applyingthis method to LCLS x-ray scattering data enables the identification of droppedshots without manually setting boundaries on detector fluence and provides apath towards identifying rare and anomalous events.
Thermal conductance of one dimensional disordered harmonic chains	2019	We study heat conduction mediated by longitudinal phonons in one dimensionaldisordered harmonic chains. Using scaling properties of the phonon density ofstates and localization in disordered systems, we find non-trivial scaling ofthe thermal conductance with the system size. Our findings are corroborated byextensive numerical analysis. We show that a system with strong disorder,characterized by a `heavy-tailed' probability distribution, and with largeimpedance mismatch between the bath and the system satisfies Fourier's law. Weidentify a dimensionless scaling parameter, related to the temperature scaleand the localization length of the phonons, through which the thermalconductance for different models of disorder and different temperatures followsa universal behavior.
Response to 'Room Temperature, Quantum-Limited THz Heterodyne Detection?  Not Yet'	2019	This commentary is written in response to arXiv:1907.13198. In this article,Zmuidzinas et al. raise questions about the results reported by our group inNature Astronomy (DOI: 10.1038/s41550-019-0828-6) regarding our experimentalmethodology and our device performance metrics. As described in this Response,Zmuidzinas et al. have unfortunately missed some basic principles on impedancematching and the physics of photomixers and plasmonics that are at the heart oftheir categorical conclusions. Here, we correct these misunderstandings anddischarge all of their flawed conclusions. Therefore, all of the results andconclusions reported in our Nature Astronomy manuscript remain correct, asbefore.
Neural Network Predictive Controller for Grid-Connected Virtual  Synchronous Generator	2019	In this paper, a neural network predictive controller is proposed to regulatethe active and the reactive power delivered to the grid generated by athree-phase virtual inertia-based inverter. The concept of the conventionalvirtual synchronous generator (VSG) is discussed, and it is shown that when theinverter is connected to non-inductive grids, the conventional PI-based VSGsare unable to perform acceptable tracking. The concept of the neural networkpredictive controller is also discussed to replace the traditional VSGs. Thisreplacement enables inverters to perform in both inductive and non-inductivegrids. The simulation results confirm that a well-trained neural networkpredictive controller illustrates can adapt to any grid impedance angle,compared to the traditional PI-based virtual inertia controllers.
Heuristic Dynamic Programming for Adaptive Virtual Synchronous  Generators	2019	In this paper a neural network heuristic dynamic programing (HDP) is used foroptimal control of the virtual inertia based control of grid connected threephase inverters. It is shown that the conventional virtual inertia controllersare not suited for non inductive grids. A neural network based controller isproposed to adapt to any impedance angle. Applying an adaptive dynamicprogramming controller instead of a supervised controlled method enables thesystem to adjust itself to different conditions. The proposed HDP consists oftwo subnetworks, critic network and action network. These networks can betrained during the same training cycle to decrease the training time. Thesimulation results confirm that the proposed neural network HDP controllerperforms better than the traditional direct fed voltage and reactive powercontrollers in virtual inertia control schemes.
Power Factor Angle Droop Control-A General Decentralized Control of  Cascaded inverters	2019	This letter proposes a general decentralized control of cascadedinverters-power factor angle droop control. Compared to the existing controlstrategies, it has the following attractive benefits: 1) it is suitable forboth grid-connected and islanded modes; 2) Seamless transition betweendifferent modes can be obtained; 3) stability condition in the grid-connectedmode is independent of the transmission line impedance; 4) it is suited for anytypes of loads in islanded modes; 5) multi-equilibrium point problem isavoided; 6) it is suitable for four quadrant operation. The small signalstability of the control is proved. And the feasibility of the proposed methodis verified by simulation.
Domain Adaptive Text Style Transfer	2019	Text style transfer without parallel data has achieved some practicalsuccess. However, in the scenario where less data is available, these methodsmay yield poor performance. In this paper, we examine domain adaptation fortext style transfer to leverage massively available data from other domains.These data may demonstrate domain shift, which impedes the benefits ofutilizing such data for training. To address this challenge, we propose simpleyet effective domain adaptive text style transfer models, enablingdomain-adaptive information exchange. The proposed models presumably learn fromthe source domain to: (i) distinguish stylized information and generic contentinformation; (ii) maximally preserve content information; and (iii) adaptivelytransfer the styles in a domain-aware manner. We evaluate the proposed modelson two style transfer tasks (sentiment and formality) over multiple targetdomains where only limited non-parallel data is available. Extensiveexperiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model compared to thebaselines.
Holographic metasurfaces simulations applied to realization of  non-diffracting waves in the microwave regime	2019	In this work, we present the computational realization of holographicmetasurfaces to generation of the non-diffracting waves. These holographicmetasurfaces (HMS) are simulated by modeling a periodic lattice of metallicpatches on dielectric substrates with sub-wavelength dimensions, where each oneof those unit cells alter the phase of the incoming wave. We use the surfaceimpedance (Z) to control the phase of the electromagnetic wave through themetasurface in each unit cell. The sub-wavelength dimensions guarantees thatthe effective medium theory is fulfilled. The metasurfaces are designed by theholographic technique and the computer-generated holograms (CGHs) ofnon-diffracting waves are generated and reproduced using such HMS in themicrowave regime. The results is according to the theoretically predicted bynon-diffracting wave theory. These results are important given thepossibilities of applications of these types of electromagnetic waves inseveral areas of telecommunications and bioengineering.
Learning Action Models from Disordered and Noisy Plan Traces	2019	There is increasing awareness in the planning community that the burden ofspecifying complete domain models is too high, which impedes the applicabilityof planning technology in many real-world domains. Although there have manylearning systems that help automatically learning domain models, most existingwork assumes that the input traces are completely correct. A more realisticsituation is that the plan traces are disordered and noisy, such as plan tracesdescribed by natural language. In this paper we propose and evaluate anapproach for doing this. Our approach takes as input a set of plan traces withdisordered actions and noise and outputs action models that can best explainthe plan traces. We use a MAX-SAT framework for learning, where the constraintsare derived from the given plan traces. Unlike traditional action modelslearners, the states in plan traces can be partially observable and noisy aswell as the actions in plan traces can be disordered and parallel. Wedemonstrate the effectiveness of our approach through a systematic empiricalevaluation with both IPC domains and the real-world dataset extracted fromnatural language documents.
Studies on ultra-short pulsed laser shock peening of stainless-steel in  different confinement media	2019	Laser Shock Peening (LSP) of stainless-steel 316 and 316L was studied usingTi: Sapphire laser pulses of about 2 ps duration, maximum energy of about 1mJand pulse repetition rate of 5kHz in different liquid confinement media ofEthanol, Deionized water and separate aqueous solutions of NaCl and Glycerol.It is found that the laser fluence and/or energy attenuating mechanisms likeself-focusing, filamentation, plasma breakdown in the confinement media areless significant with ps laser pulses than those with sub-ps or fs pulsedurations. It is shown that the resulting surface hardness of the peened steelas a function of laser fluence depends significantly on the confinement mediaand the relative increase in the hardness increases monotonically with theacoustic impedance of the liquid of the confinement medium used during LSP.
Improving the Performance of the Paisley Pattern-Matching EDSL by Staged  Combinatorial Compilation	2019	Paisley is a declarative lightweight embedded domain-specific language forexpressive, non-deterministic, non-invasive pattern matching on arbitrary datastructures in Java applications. As such, it comes as a pure Java library ofpattern-matching combinators and corresponding programming idioms. While thecombinators support a basic form of self-optimization based on heuristicmetadata, overall performance is limited by the distributed and compositionalimplementation that impedes non-local code optimization. In this paper, wedescribe a technique for improving the performance of Paisley transparently,without compromising the flexible and extensible combinatorial design. By meansof distributed bytecode generation, dynamic class loading and just-in-timecompilation of patterns, the run-time overhead of the combinatorial approachcan be reduced significantly, without requiring any technology other than astandard Java virtual machine and our LLJava bytecode framework. We evaluatethe impact by comparison to earlier benchmarking results on interpretedPaisley. The key ideas of our compilation technique are fairly general, andapply in principle to any kind of combinator language running on anyjit-compiling host.
Helmholtz scattering by random domains: first-order sparse boundary  element approximation	2019	We consider the numerical solution of time-harmonic acoustic scattering byobstacles with uncertain geometries for Dirichlet, Neumann, impedance andtransmission boundary conditions. In particular, we aim to quantify diffractedfields originated by small stochastic perturbations of a given relativelysmooth nominal shape. Using first-order shape Taylor expansions, we derivetensor deterministic first kind boundary integral equations for the statisticalmoments of the scattering problems considered. These are then approximated bysparse tensor Galerkin discretizations via the combination technique (Griebelet al.). We supply extensive numerical experiments confirming the predictederror convergence rates with poly-logarithmic growth in the number of degreesof freedom and accuracy in approximation of the moments. Moreover, we discussimplementation details such as preconditioning to finally point out furtherresearch avenues.
Handling Syntactic Divergence in Low-resource Machine Translation	2019	Despite impressive empirical successes of neural machine translation (NMT) onstandard benchmarks, limited parallel data impedes the application of NMTmodels to many language pairs. Data augmentation methods such asback-translation make it possible to use monolingual data to help alleviatethese issues, but back-translation itself fails in extreme low-resourcescenarios, especially for syntactically divergent languages. In this paper, wepropose a simple yet effective solution, whereby target-language sentences arere-ordered to match the order of the source and used as an additional source oftraining-time supervision. Experiments with simulated low-resourceJapanese-to-English, and real low-resource Uyghur-to-English scenarios findsignificant improvements over other semi-supervised alternatives.
The LOCATA Challenge: Acoustic Source Localization and Tracking	2019	The ability to localize and track acoustic events is a fundamentalprerequisite for equipping machines with the ability to be aware of and engagewith humans in their surrounding environment. However, in realistic scenarios,audio signals are adversely affected by reverberation, noise, interference, andperiods of speech inactivity. In dynamic scenarios, where the sources andmicrophone platforms may be moving, the signals are additionally affected byvariations in the source-sensor geometries. In practice, approaches to soundsource localization and tracking are often impeded by missing estimates ofactive sources, estimation errors, as well as false estimates. The aim of theLOCAlization and TrAcking (LOCATA) Challenge is an open-access framework forthe objective evaluation and benchmarking of broad classes of algorithms forsound source localization and tracking. This paper provides a review ofrelevant localization and tracking algorithms and, within the context of theexisting literature, a detailed evaluation and dissemination of the LOCATAsubmissions. The evaluation highlights achievements in the field, openchallenges, and identifies potential future directions.
A Tool for Super-Resolving Multimodal Clinical MRI	2019	We present a tool for resolution recovery in multimodal clinical magneticresonance imaging (MRI). Such images exhibit great variability, both biologicaland instrumental. This variability makes automated processing with neuroimaginganalysis software very challenging. This leaves intelligence extractable onlyfrom large-scale analyses of clinical data untapped, and impedes theintroduction of automated predictive systems in clinical care. The toolpresented in this paper enables such processing, via inference in a generativemodel of thick-sliced, multi-contrast MR scans. All model parameters areestimated from the observed data, without the need for manual tuning. Themodel-driven nature of the approach means that no type of training is neededfor applicability to the diversity of MR contrasts present in a clinicalcontext. We show on simulated data that the proposed approach outperformsconventional model-based techniques, and on a large hospital dataset ofmultimodal MRIs that the tool can successfully super-resolve very thick-slicedimages. The implementation is available fromhttps://github.com/brudfors/spm_superres.
Partial observations and conservation laws: Grey-box modeling in  biotechnology and optogenetics	2019	"Developing accurate dynamical system models from physical insight or data canbe impeded when only partial observations of the system state are available.Here, we combine conservation laws used in physics and engineering withartificial neural networks to construct ""grey-box"" system models that makeaccurate predictions even with limited information. These models use a timedelay embedding (c.f., Takens embedding theorem) to reconstruct effect of theintrinsic states, and can be used for multiscale systems where macroscopicbalance equations depend on unmeasured micro/meso scale phenomena. Byincorporating physics knowledge into the neural network architecture, weregularize variables and may train the model more accurately on smaller datasets than black-box neural network models. We present numerical examples frombiotechnology, including a continuous bioreactor actuated using light throughoptogenetics (an emerging technology in synthetic biology) where the effect ofunmeasured intracellular information is recovered from the histories of themeasured macroscopic variables."
Developing Computational Models of Social Assistance to Guide Socially  Assistive Robots	2019	While there are many examples in which robots provide social assistance, alack of theory on how the robots should decide how to assist impedes progressin realizing these technologies. To address this deficiency, we propose a pairof computational models to guide a robot as it provides social assistance. Themodel of social autonomy helps a robot select an appropriate assistance thatwill help with the task at hand while also maintaining the autonomy of theperson being assisted. The model of social alliance describes how a todetermine whether the robot and the person being assisted are cooperativelyworking towards the same goal. Each of these models are rooted in socialreasoning between people, and we describe here our ongoing work to adapt thissocial reasoning to human-robot interactions.
Effect of Ba and Zr co-substitution on dielectric and magnetoelectric  properties of BiFeO3 multiferroics	2019	We report the effect of Ba and Zr co-substitution on structural, dielectric,magnetic and magnetoelectric properties of BiFeO3 multiferroics.Polycrystalline nanoceramic samples of Bi1- xBaxFe1-yZryO3 have beensynthesized by auto-combustion method. Rietveld refinement result of X-raydiffraction data indicate a contraction of unit cell volume with increase in xand y. Field emission scanning electron micrographs show densely populatedgrains without any voids or defects with well-defined grain boundary anddecrease in grain size with increasing x and y. The result of dielectricmeasurement display anomalies, which are amplified and the temperature at whichdielectric anomalies observed decreases with increasing composition. Across-over from anti-ferromagnetism to weak ferromagnetism has been observed atx = y = 0.1 with enhanced magnetization as compared to pure BiFeO3.Ferroelectric properties of the sample have been studied using PE loopmeasurement. Magneto-dielectric and magneto impedance spectroscopy reveal theexistence of intrinsic magneto-electric coupling at room temperature.
First results from plasma edge biasing on SPECTOR	2019	A description of an edge-biasing experiment conducted on the SPECTOR(Spherical Compact Toroid) plasma injector is presented, along with initialresults. The insertion of a disc-shaped molybdenum electrode (probe), biased atup to +100V, into the edge of the CT (Compact Torus), resulted in up to 1kAradial current being drawn. Core electron temperature, as measured with aThomson-scattering diagnostic, was found to increase by a factor of up to 2.4in the optimal configuration tested. H_alpha intensity was observed todecrease, and CT lifetimes increased by a factor of up to 2.3. A significantreduction in electron density was observed; this is thought to be due to theeffect of a transport barrier impeding CT fueling, where, as verified by MHDsimulation, the fueling source is neutral gas that remains concentrated aroundthe gas valves after CT formation.
Parametric Mssbauer radiation source	2019	"Numerous applications of M\""{o}ssbauer spectroscopy are related to a uniqueresolution of absorption spectra of resonant radiation in crystals, when thenucleus absorbs a photon without a recoil. However, the narrow nuclearlinewidth renders efficient driving of the nuclei challenging, restrictingprecision spectroscopy, nuclear inelastic scattering and nuclear quantumoptics. Moreover, the need for dedicated X-ray optics restricts access to onlyfew isotopes, impeding precision spectroscopy of a wider class of systems.Here, we put forward a novel M\""{o}ssbauer source, which offers a high resonantphoton flux for a large variety of M\""ossbauer isotopes, based on relativisticelectrons moving through a crystal and emitting parametric M\""ossbauerradiation essentially unattenuated by electronic absorption. As a result, acollimated beam of resonant photons is formed, without the need for additionalmonochromatization. We envision the extension of high-precision M\""{o}ssbauerspectroscopy to a wide range of isotopes at accelerator facilities using dumpedelectron beams."
On nodal and generalized singular structures of Laplacian eigenfunctions  and applications in $\mathbb{R}^3$	2019	This paper is a continuation and an extension of our recent work [3] on thegeometric structures of Laplacian eigenfunctions and their applications toinverse scattering problems. In [3], the analytic behaviour of the Laplacianeigenfunctions is investigated at a point where two nodal or generalisedsingular lines intersect. It reveals a certain intriguing property that thevanishing order of the eigenfunction at the intersecting point is related tothe rationality of the intersecting angle. In this paper, we consider the 3Dcounterpart of such a study by studying the analytic behaviours of theLaplacian eigenfunctions at places where nodal or generalised singular planesare intersect. Compared to the 2D case, the geometric situation is morecomplicated: the intersection of two planes generates an edge corner, whereasthe intersection of more than three planes generates a vertex corner. Weprovide a comprehensive characterisation for all of those cases. Moreover, weapply the spectral results to establish some novel unique identifiabilityresults for the geometric inverse problems of recovering the shape as well asthe (possible) surface impedance parameter by the associated scatteringfar-field measurements.
Nanoscale ballistic diodes made of polar materials for amplification and  generation of radiation in 10 THz-range	2019	We investigate ultra-high frequency electrical properties of nanoscale$n^+$-$i$-$n^+$ diodes made of polar semiconductors. The calculations show thatthe coupling between optical vibrations of the lattice and the ballisticelectrons strongly modifies and enhances the time-of-flight effects giving riseto narrow resonances of the diode impedance in the reststrahlen frequencyrange. Particularly, negative dynamic resistance is induced in close proximityto the optical phonon frequency. The resonant effects in the dynamic resistanceof nanoscale GaAs and InP diodes are studied in detail. The obtained magnitudesof the negative dynamic resistance effect indicate that the nanoscale diodesare capable of generating electromagnetic radiation in far-infrared spectralrange under electric pumping.
Tri- & Tetra-Hyperbolic Iso-frequncy Topologies Complete Classification  of Bi-Anisotropic Materials	2019	We describe novel topological phases of iso-frequency k-space surfaces inbi-anisotropic optical materials - tri- and tetra-hyperbolic materials, whichare induced by introduction of chirality. This completes the classification ofiso-frequency topologies for bi-anisotropic materials, since as we show alloptical materials belong to one of the following topological classes: tetra-,tri-, bi-, mono- or non-hyperbolic. We show that phase transitions betweenthese classes occur in the k-space directions with zero group velocity at highk-vectors. This classification is based on the sets of high-k polaritons(HKPs), supported by materials. We obtain the equation describing these setsand characterize the longitudinal polarization impedance of HKPs.
Influence of the Cathodes Microstructure on the Stability of Inverted  Planar Perovskite Solar Cells	2019	One of the main challenges for perovskite solar cells (PSC) is theirstability, due to environment-induced perovskite decomposition. The resultingdecomposition compounds are mobile and may, therefore, react with chargecarrier extraction layers or the contact metallization, in addition toenhancing the recombination rate in the absorber layer. In this contribution,the influence of different contact metallization layers, such as aluminum (Al),silver (Ag), gold (Au) and nickel (Ni) on the storage stability of invertedplanar methylammonium lead iodide (MAPI)-based perovskite solar cells withoutencapsulation has been investigated. For this study current-voltage (J-V) andimpedance measurements in combination with scanning electron microscope (SEM)and Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) analysis were used to examineand correlate structural device information with the development of PSCelectrical properties. While a strong perovskite decomposition and furtheriodide diffusion to the contacts were detected for devices using Al, Ag or Auas cathode electrodes, the microstructure of Ni cathodes inhibits suchdecomposition process. This experiment has allowed for the realization of MAPIbased solar cells with Ni contacts, which exhibit no efficiency decrease belowas-fabricated values for up to one month of storage and select AM1.5 testing inambient atmosphere.
Structural and electrical properties of ceramic Li-ion conductors based  on Li$_{1.3}$Al$_{0.3}$Ti$_{1.7}$(PO$_4$)$_3$-LiF	2019	The work presents the investigations of Li1.3Al0.3Ti1.7(PO4)3-xLiF Li-ionconducting ceramics with 0 < x < 0.3 by means of X-ray diffractometry (XRD),7Li, 19F, 27Al and 31P Magic Angle Spinning Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (MASNMR) spectroscopy, thermogravimetry (TG), scanning electron microscopy (SEM),impedance spectroscopy (IS) and density method. It has been shown that thetotal ionic conductivity of both as-prepared and ceramic Li1.3Al0.3Ti1.7(PO4)3is low due to a grain boundary phase exhibiting high electrical resistance.This phase consists mainly of berlinite crystalline phase as well as someamorphous phase containing Al3+ ions. The electrically resistant phases of thegrain boundary decompose during sintering with LiF additive. The processesleading to microstructure changes and their effect on the ionic properties ofthe materials are discussed in the frame of the brick layer model (BLM). Thehighest total ionic conductivity at room temperature was measured forLATP-0.1LiF ceramic sintered at 800{\deg}C and was equal to {\sigma}tot = 1.1 x10-4 Scm-1.
Towards Cognitive Obfuscation: Impeding Hardware Reverse Engineering  Based on Psychological Insights	2019	In contrast to software reverse engineering, there are hardly any toolsavailable that support hardware reversing. Therefore, the reversing process isconducted by human analysts combining several complex semi-automated steps.However, countermeasures against reversing are evaluated solely againstmathematical models. Our research goal is the establishment of cognitiveobfuscation based on the exploration of underlying psychological processes. Weaim to identify problems which are hard to solve for human analysts and derivenovel quantification metrics, thus enabling stronger obfuscation techniques.
Co-optimization of a piezoelectric energy harvesting system for  broadband operation	2019	The goal of this research is to increase the bandwidth (BW) over whichsubstantial energy can be harvested using a piezoelectric energy harvester(PEH). The key innovation is the use of bias-flip (BF) electronics at theoutput of a PEH having a large electromechanical coupling coefficient$\kappa_{e}^{2}$. For a PEH with large $\kappa_{e}^{2}$, the open-circuitresonance frequency $f_{oc}$ is substantially larger than the short-circuitresonance frequency $f_{sc}$. Over the intervening range, the reactive part ofthe conjugate matched load impedance is small, and can be approximated using BFelectronics in which the BF voltage is sufficiently small and the BF losses aresmall. This results in a large BW over which substantial energy can beharvested. Experimental results using a commercially available PEH arepresented to demonstrate this concept. Design guidelines are provided forachieving PEHs having increased $\kappa_{e}^{2}$.
A Pre-defined Sparse Kernel Based Convolution for Deep CNNs	2019	The high demand for computational and storage resources severely impede thedeployment of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in limited-resourcedevices. Recent CNN architectures have proposed reduced complexity versions(e.g. SuffleNet and MobileNet) but at the cost of modest decreases inaccuracy.This paper proposes pSConv, a pre-defined sparse 2D kernel-based convolution,which promises significant improvements in the trade-off between complexity andaccuracy for both CNN training and inference. To explore the potential of thisapproach, we have experimented with two widely accepted datasets, CIFAR-10 andTiny ImageNet, in sparse variants of both the ResNet18 and VGG16 architectures.Our approach shows a parameter count reduction of up to 4.24x with modestdegradation in classification accuracy relative to that of standard CNNs. Ourapproach outperforms a popular variant of ShuffleNet using a variant ofResNet18 with pSConv having 3x3 kernels with only four of nine elements notfixed at zero. In particular, the parameter count is reduced by 1.7x forCIFAR-10 and 2.29x for Tiny ImageNet with an increased accuracy of ~4%.
RecordFlux: Formal Message Specification and Generation of Verifiable  Binary Parsers	2019	Various vulnerabilities have been found in message parsers of protocolimplementations in the past. Even highly sensitive software components like TLSlibraries are affected regularly. Resulting issues range from denial-of-serviceattacks to the extraction of sensitive information. The complexity of protocolsand imprecise specifications in natural language are the core reasons forsubtle bugs in implementations, which are hard to find. The lack of precisespecifications impedes formal verification.  In this paper, we propose a model and a corresponding domain-specificlanguage to formally specify message formats of existing real-world binaryprotocols. A unique feature of the model is the capability to defineinvariants, which specify relations and dependencies between message fields.Furthermore, the model allows defining the relation of messages betweendifferent protocol layers and thus ensures correct interpretation of payloaddata. We present a technique to derive verifiable parsers based on the model,generate efficient code for their implementation, and automatically prove theabsence of runtime errors. Examples of parser specifications for Ethernet andTLS demonstrate the applicability of our approach.
Bayesian Optimization Meets Riemannian Manifolds in Robot Learning	2019	Bayesian optimization (BO) recently became popular in robotics to optimizecontrol parameters and parametric policies in direct reinforcement learning dueto its data efficiency and gradient-free approach. However, its performance maybe seriously compromised when the parameter space is high-dimensional. A way totackle this problem is to introduce domain knowledge into the BO framework. Wepropose to exploit the geometry of non-Euclidean parameter spaces, which oftenarise in robotics (e.g. orientation, stiffness matrix). Our approach, built onRiemannian manifold theory, allows BO to properly measure similarities in theparameter space through geometry-aware kernel functions and to optimize theacquisition function on the manifold as an unconstrained problem. We test ourapproach in several benchmark artificial landscapes and using a 7-DOF simulatedrobot to learn orientation and impedance parameters for manipulation skills.
Fabrication of condense and thin YSZ electrolyte layer using novel  thermal-assisted slurry spin coating method for IT-SOFC	2019	A simple spin coating approach is introduced to fabricate Yttria-StabilizedZirconia (YSZ) electrolyte layer on NiO-YSZ anode substrate for solid oxidefuel cell applications. Heating the substrate during the slurry spin coatingprocess enhances the affected area through the layer and leads to optimize thecompacting amount of coated electrolyte particles before sintering procedure.On top of this bilayer substrate, LCFN is deposited as an intermediatetemperature solid oxide fuel cell cathode, in order to have suitable outputperformances at intermediate temperature ranges. Applying humidified hydrogenas fuel and ambient air as the oxidant, cell performance characterizationsexhibit higher power outputs for prepared sample. Electrochemical ImpedanceSpectroscopy measurements on single cells also demonstrate that bothinterfacial and Ohmic resistances are reduced. These results along withScanning Electron Microscope micrographs reveal that the density of the YSZlayer which is coated by the suggested approach is better than the usual slurryspin coating method.
Wasserstein GANs for MR Imaging: from Paired to Unpaired Training	2019	Lack of ground-truth MR images (labels) impedes the common supervisedtraining of deep networks for image reconstruction. To cope with thischallenge, this paper leverages WGANs for unpaired training of reconstructionnetworks, where the inputs are the undersampled naively reconstructed imagesfrom one dataset, and the outputs are high-quality images from another dataset.The generator network is an unrolled neural network with a cascade of residualblocks and data consistency modules. The discriminator is also a multilayer CNNthat plays the role of a critic scoring the quality of reconstructed images.Our extensive experiments with knee MRI datasets demonstrate unpaired WGANtraining with minimal supervision is a viable option when there existsinsufficient or no fully-sampled training label images that match the inputimages. Also, supervised paired training with additional WGAN loss achievesbetter and faster reconstruction compared to wavelet-based compressed sensing.
First-Order Preconditioning via Hypergradient Descent	2019	Standard gradient descent methods are susceptible to a range of issues thatcan impede training, such as high correlations and different scaling inparameter space. These difficulties can be addressed by second-order approachesthat apply a preconditioning matrix to the gradient to improve convergence.Unfortunately, such algorithms typically struggle to scale to high-dimensionalproblems, in part because the calculation of specific preconditioners such asthe inverse Hessian or Fisher information matrix is highly expensive. Weintroduce first-order preconditioning (FOP), a fast, scalable approach thatgeneralizes previous work on hypergradient descent (Almeida et al., 1998;Maclaurin et al., 2015; Baydin et al., 2017) to learn a preconditioning matrixthat only makes use of first-order information. Experiments show that FOP isable to improve the performance of standard deep learning optimizers on severalvisual classification tasks with minimal computational overhead. We alsoinvestigate the properties of the learned preconditioning matrices and performa preliminary theoretical analysis of the algorithm.
Electrochemical Analysis of Na$_{0.7}$Co$_{1-x}$Nb$_x$O$_2$ ($x = 0,  0.05$) as Cathode Materials in Sodium-ion Batteries	2019	Sodium-ion batteries (SIBs) have received significant attention as promisingalternative for energy storage applications owing to the large availability andlow cost of sodium. In this paper we study the electrochemical behavior ofNa0.7Co1-xNbxO2 (x = 0 and 0.05 samples), synthesized via solid-state reaction.The Rietveld refinement of x-ray diffraction pattern reveals the hexagonalcrystal symmetry with P63/mmc space group. The Na0.7Co0.95Nb0.05O2 cathodeexhibits a specific capacity of about 91 mAhg-1 at a current density of 6mAg-1,whereas Na0.7CoO2 exhibits comparatively low specific capacity (70 mAhg-1 at acurrent density of 6mAg-1). The cyclic voltammetry (CV) and electron impedancespectroscopy (EIS) were performed to determine the diffusion coefficient of Na,which found to be in the range of 10^(-9)-10^(-10) cm2s-1.
The solid-state Li-ion conductor Li$_7$TaO$_6$: A combined computational  and experimental study	2019	We study the oxo-hexametallate Li$_7$TaO$_6$ with first-principles andclassical molecular dynamics simulations, obtaining a low activation barrierfor diffusion of $\sim$0.29 eV and a high ionic conductivity of $5.7 \times10^{-4}$ S cm$^{-1}$ at room temperature (300 K). We find evidence for a wideelectrochemical stability window from both calculations and experiments,suggesting its viable use as a solid-state electrolyte in next-generationsolid-state Li-ion batteries. To assess its applicability in an electrochemicalenergy storage system, we performed electrochemical impedance spectroscopymeasurements on multicrystalline pellets, finding substantial ionicconductivity, if below the values predicted from simulation. We furtherelucidate the relationship between synthesis conditions and the observed ionicconductivity using X-ray diffraction, inductively coupled plasma opticalemission spectrometry, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and study theeffects of Zr and Mo doping.
Deep Learning for Whole Slide Image Analysis: An Overview	2019	The widespread adoption of whole slide imaging has increased the demand foreffective and efficient gigapixel image analysis. Deep learning is at theforefront of computer vision, showcasing significant improvements over previousmethodologies on visual understanding. However, whole slide images havebillions of pixels and suffer from high morphological heterogeneity as well asfrom different types of artefacts. Collectively, these impede the conventionaluse of deep learning. For the clinical translation of deep learning solutionsto become a reality, these challenges need to be addressed. In this paper, wereview work on the interdisciplinary attempt of training deep neural networksusing whole slide images, and highlight the different ideas underlying thesemethodologies.
Multifunctional Space-Time Metasurfaces	2019	Integrating multiple functionalities into a single metasurface is becoming ofgreat interest for future intelligent communication systems. While such deviceshave been extensively explored for reciprocal functionalities, in this work, weintegrate a wide variety of nonreciprocal applications into a single platform.The proposed structure is based on spatiotemporally modulated impedance sheetssupported by a grounded dielectric substrate. We show that, by engineering theexcitation of evanescent modes, nonreciprocal interactions with impinging wavescan be configured at will. We demonstrate a plethora of nonreciprocalcomponents such as wave isolators, phase shifters, and circulators, on the samemetasurface. This platform allows switching between different functionalitiesonly by modifying the pumping signals (harmonic or non-harmonic), withoutchanging the main body of the metasurface structure. This solution opens thedoor for future real-time reconfigurable and environment-adaptive nonreciprocalwave controllers.
A wearable breath sensor based on natural clinoptilolite	2019	Low-power a.c. generators of square-wave or sinusoidal signals can be used incombination with impedimetric sensors to detect stimuli on the basis of thevoltage drop taking place at the sensor electrodes. When a.c. generators with apower of only a few micro-Watts are used, this approach becomes extremelysensitive. A very low-power generator is the LCD back panel driving signal,which has a flipping polarity with a voltage of 3-5Vpp, depending on thegenerator model. This type of square-wave generator is contained in manylow-cost handheld digital multimeters, and it is used as signal tracer to test,for example, low-frequency amplifiers. As an example, this method has been usedto acquire a human breath rate pattern, by using a zeolite-based water sensor.If the generator I-V characteristics has been measured, the achieved breathpattern can be converted from a voltage drop vs. time graph to an impedance orcurrent intensity vs. time graph.
Exponential methods for solving hyperbolic problems with application to  kinetic equations	2019	The efficient numerical solution of many kinetic models in plasma physics isimpeded by the stiffness of these systems. Exponential integrators areattractive in this context as they remove the CFL condition induced by thelinear part of the system, which in practice is often the most stringentstability constraint. In the literature, these schemes have been found toperform well, e.g., for drift-kinetic problems. Despite their overallefficiency and their many favorable properties, most of the commonly usedexponential integrators behave rather erratically in terms of the allowed timestep size in some situations. This severely limits their utility androbustness.Our goal in this paper is to explain the observed behavior andsuggest exponential methods that do not suffer from the stated deficiencies. Toaccomplish this we study the stability of exponential integrators for alinearized problem. This analysis shows that classic exponential integratorsexhibit severe deficiencies in that regard. Based on the analysis conducted wepropose to use Lawson methods, which can be shown not to suffer from the samestability issues. We confirm these results and demonstrate the efficiency ofLawson methods by performing numerical simulations for both the Vlasov-Poissonsystem and a drift-kinetic model of a ion temperature gradient instability.
Switchable bipartite and genuine tripartite entanglement via an  optoelectromechanical interface	2019	"Controllable multipartite entanglement is a crucial element in quantuminformation processing. Here we present a scheme that generates switchablebipartite and genuine tripartite entanglement between microwave and opticalphotons via an optoelectromechanical interface, where microwave and opticalcavities are coupled to a mechanical mode with controllable coupling constants.We show that by tuning an effective gauge phase between the coupling constantsto the ""sweet spots"", bipartite entanglement can be generated and switchedbetween designated output photons. The bipartite entanglement is robust againstthe mechanical noise and the signal loss to the mechanical mode when thecouplings are chosen to satisfy the impedance matching condition. When thegauge phase is tuned away from the ""sweet spots"", genuine tripartiteentanglement can be generated and verified with homodyne measurement on thequadratures of the output fields. Our result can lead to the implementation ofcontrollable and robust multipartite entanglement in hybrid quantum systemsoperated in distinctively different frequencies."
Elasticity of disordered binary crystals	2019	The properties of crystals consisting of several components can be widelytuned. Often solid solutions are produced, where substitutional orinterstitional disorder determines the crystal thermodynamic and mechanicalproperties. The chemical and structural disorder impedes the study of theelasticity of such solid solutions, since standard procedures like potentialexpansions cannot be applied. We present a generalization of adensity-functional based approach recently developed for one-component crystalsto multi-component crystals. It yields expressions for the elastic constantsvalid in solid solutions with arbitrary amounts of point defects and up to themelting temperature. Further, both acoustic and optical phonon eigenfrequenciescan be computed in linear response from the equilibrium particle densities andestablished classical density functionals. As a proof of principle, dispersionrelations are computed for two different binary crystals: A random fcc crystalas an example for a substitutional, and a disordered sodium chloride structureas an example of an interstitial solid solution. In cases where one of thecomponents couples only weakly to the others, the dispersion relations developcharacteristic signatures. The acoustic branches become flat in much of thefirst Brillouin zone, and a crossover between acoustic and optic branches takesplace at a wavelength which can far exceed the lattice spacing.*
XBlock-ETH: Extracting and Exploring Blockchain Data From Ethereum	2019	Blockchain-based cryptocurrencies have received extensive attention recently.Massive data has been stored on permission-less blockchains. The analysis onmassive blockchain data can bring huge business values. However, the lack ofwell-processed up-to-date blockchain datasets impedes big data analytics ofblockchain data. To fill this gap, we collect and process the up-to-dateon-chain data from Ethereum, which is one of the most popular permission-lessblockchains. We name these well-processed Ethereum datasets as XBlock-ETH,which consists of the data of blockchain transactions, smart contracts, andcryptocurrencies (i.e., tokens). The basic statistics and exploration of thesedatasets are presented. We also outline the possible research opportunities.The datasets with the raw data and codes have been publicly released online.
Microscopic charging and in-gap states in superconducting granular  aluminum	2019	Following the emergence of superconducting granular aluminum (grAl) as amaterial for high-impedance quantum circuits, future development hinges on amicroscopic understanding of its phase diagram, and whether thesuperconductor-to-insulator transition (SIT) is driven by disorder or chargingeffects. Beyond fundamental relevance, these mechanisms govern noise anddissipation in microwave circuits. Although the enhancement of the criticaltemperature, and the SIT in granular superconductors have been studied for morethan fifty years, experimental studies have so far provided incompleteinformation on the microscopic phenomena. Here we present scanning tunnelingmicroscope measurements of the local electronic structure of superconductinggrAl. We confirm an increased superconducting gap in individual grains bothnear and above the Mott resistivity $\rho_\mathrm{M} \approx 400\ \mu \Omegacm$. Above $\rho_\mathrm{M}$ we find Coulomb charging effects, a firstindication for decoupling, and in-gap states on individual grains, which couldcontribute to flux noise and dielectric loss in quantum devices. We alsoobserve multiple low-energy states outside the gap, which may indicate bosonicexcitations of the superconducting order parameter.
Numerical modelling of coupled linear dynamical systems	2019	Numerical modelling of several coupled passive linear dynamical systems (LDS)is considered. Since such component systems may arise from partial differentialequations, transfer function descriptions, lumped systems, measurement data,etc., the first step is to discretise them into finite-dimensional LDSs using,e.g., the finite element method, autoregressive techniques, and interpolation.The finite-dimensional component systems may satisfy various types of energy(in)equalities due to passivity that require translation into a common formsuch as the scattering passive representation. Only then can the componentsystems be coupled in a desired feedback configuration by computing pairwiseRedheffer star products of LDSs.  Unfortunately, a straightforward approach may fail due to ill-posedness offeedback loops between component systems. Adversities are particularly likelyif some component systems have no energy dissipation at all, and this mayhappen even if the fully coupled system could be described by afinite-dimensional LDS. An approach is proposed for obtaining the coupledsystem that is based on passivity preserving regularisation. Two practicalexamples are given to illuminate the challenges and the proposed methods toovercome them: the Butterworth low-pass filter and the termination of anacoustic waveguide to an irrational impedance.
Muon spin rotation measurements on RbEuFe$_{4}$As$_{4}$ under pressure	2019	We report muon spin rotation and magnetization measurements on the magneticsuperconductor RbEuFe$_{4}$As$_{4}$ under hydrostatic pressures up to 3.8 GPa.At ambient pressure, RbEuFe$_{4}$As$_{4}$ exhibits a superconducting transitionat $T_{c} \approx$ 36.5 K and a magnetic transition at $T_{m} \approx$ 15 Kbelow which the magnetic and the superconducting order coexist. With increasingpressure, $T_{c}$ decreases while $T_{m}$ and the ordered Eu magnetic momentincrease. In contrast to iron-based superconductors with ordering Fe moments,the size of the ordered Eu moment is not proportional to $T_{m}$. The muon spinrotation signal is dominated by the magnetic response impeding thedetermination of the superconducting properties.
Primal-dual block-proximal splitting for a class of non-convex problems	2019	We develop block structure adapted primal-dual algorithms for non-convexnon-smooth optimisation problems whose objectives can be written ascompositions $G(x)+F(K(x))$ of non-smooth block-separable convex functions $G$and $F$ with a non-linear Lipschitz-differentiable operator $K$. Our methodsare refinements of the non-linear primal-dual proximal splitting method forsuch problems without the block structure, which itself is based on theprimal-dual proximal splitting method of Chambolle and Pock for convexproblems. We propose individual step length parameters and acceleration rulesfor each of the primal and dual blocks of the problem. This allows them toconvergence faster by adapting to the structure of the problem. For the squareddistance of the iterates to a critical point, we show local $O(1/N)$,$O(1/N^2)$ and linear rates under varying conditions and choices of the steplengths parameters. Finally, we demonstrate the performance of the methods onpractical inverse problems: diffusion tensor imaging and electrical impedancetomography.
Suppressed charge recombination in hematite photoanode via protonation  and annealing	2019	Hematite as promising photoanode for solar water splitting suffers fromsevere bulk and surface charge recombination. This work describes that aprotonation-annealing treatment can effectively suppress both bulk and surfacecharge recombination in hematite. Protons/electrons are electrochemicallyincorporated into hematite under 0.2 VRHE followed by annealing at 120 oC. Thephotocurrent density increases from ~0.9 mA cm-2 to 1.8 mA cm-2 at 1.23 VRHEunder 1 sun, and further to 2.7 mA cm-2 after loading cobalt phosphate,stabilizing at round 2.4 mA cm-2. A cathodic shift of the onset potential ofphotocurrent is also observed. H2O2 oxidation, impedance spectroscopy andMott-Schottky measurements show that the protonation suppresses bulkrecombination and enhances donor density, but introducing more surfacerecombination. The annealing reduces surface recombination, while preservingrelatively high bulk charge separation efficiency. Different from previousreports on the electrochemically reduced hematite, this work demonstrates thatthe performance improvement should be ascribed to the proton incorporationinstead of the formation of Fe3O4 or metal Fe. This facile treatment byprotonation and annealing could be applied in other semiconductors to promotethe development of high performing photoelectrodes.
Resolving photon numbers using a superconducting tapered nanowire  detector	2019	Time- and number-resolved photon detection is crucial for photonic quantuminformation processing. Existing photon-number-resolving (PNR) detectorsusually have limited timing and dark-count performance or require complexfabrication and operation. Here we demonstrate a PNR detector attelecommunication wavelengths based on a single superconducting nanowire withan integrated impedance-matching taper. The prototyping device was able toresolve up to five absorbed photons and had 16.1 ps timing jitter, <2 c.p.s.device dark count rate, $\sim$86 ns reset time, and 5.6% system detectionefficiency (without cavity) at 1550 nm. Its exceptional distinction betweensingle- and two-photon responses is ideal for coincidence counting and allowedus to directly observe bunching of photon pairs from a single output port of aHong-Ou-Mandel interferometer. This detector architecture may provide apractical solution to applications that require high timing resolution andfew-photon discrimination.
Analysis of Evolutionary Behavior in Self-Learning Media Search Engines	2019	The diversity of intrinsic qualities of multimedia entities tends to impedetheir effective retrieval. In a SelfLearning Search Engine architecture, thesubtle nuances of human perceptions and deep knowledge are taught and capturedthrough unsupervised reinforcement learning, where the degree of reinforcementmay be suitably calibrated. Such architectural paradigm enables indexes toevolve naturally while accommodating the dynamic changes of user interests. Itoperates by continuously constructing indexes over time, while injectingprogressive improvement in search performance. For search operations to beeffective, convergence of index learning is of crucial importance to ensureefficiency and robustness. In this paper, we develop a Self-Learning SearchEngine architecture based on reinforcement learning using a Markov DecisionProcess framework. The balance between exploration and exploitation is achievedthrough evolutionary exploration Strategies. The evolutionary index learningbehavior is then studied and formulated using stochastic analysis. Experimentalresults are presented which corroborate the steady convergence of the indexevolution mechanism. Index Term
Magnetic Structure and dielectric properties of antiferromagnetic FeCrO3	2019	We report the enhancement of N\'eel temperature of Cr2O3 by replacing 50% ofCr by Fe prepared by sol-gel method. The structural analysis by neutrondiffraction has revealed that FeCrO3 belongs to a corundum structure (R-3cspace group) with an antiferromagnetic spin structure having collinear spinsalong a-axis with propagation vector k=0; the high-temperature magnetisationstudy indicated a N\'eel temperature of 560 K. The enhancement in N\'eeltemperature has been attributed to the strong orbital hybridization that leadsto change in nearest neighbor bond angle and bond distances. Impedancespectroscopy has revealed conduction mechanism at low temperature is due to thepolaron hopping while extrinsic contributions from the Maxwell-Wagner dominantat high temperatures
Resilient Decentralized Control of Inverter-interfaced Distributed  Energy Sources in Low-voltage Distribution Grids	2019	This paper shows that a relation can be found between the voltage at theterminals of an inverter-interfaced Renewable Energy Source RES and its optimalreactive power support. This relationship, known as Volt-Var Curve VVC, enablesthe decentral operation of RES for Active Voltage Management (AVM). In thispaper, the decentralized AVM technique is modified to consider the effects ofthe realistic operational constraints of RES. The AVM technique capitalizes onthe reactive power support capabilities of inverters to achieve the desiredobjective in unbalanced active Low-Voltage Distribution Systems LVDSs. However,as the results show, this AVM technique fails to satisfy the operator objectivewhen the network structure dynamically changes. By updating the VVCs accordingto the system configuration and components availability, the objectivefunctions will be significantly improved, and the AVM method remains resilientagainst the network changes. To keep the decentralized structure, the impedanceidentification capability of inverters is used to find the system configurationlocally. Adaptive VVCs enable the decentralized control of inverters in anonline setting. A real-life suburban residential LV-DS in Dublin, Ireland isused to showcasing the proposed method, and the effectiveness of proposedresilient active voltage management technique is demonstrated.
Fast Pixelated Detectors in Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy.  Part I: Data Acquisition, Live Processing and Storage	2019	The use of fast pixelated detectors and direct electron detection technologyis revolutionising many aspects of scanning transmission electron microscopy(STEM). The widespread adoption of these new technologies is impeded by thetechnical challenges associated them. These include issues related to hardwarecontrol, and the acquisition, real-time processing and visualisation, andstorage of data from such detectors. We discuss these problems and presentsoftware solutions for them, with a view to making the benefits of newdetectors in the context of STEM more accessible. Throughout, we provideexamples of the application of the technologies presented, using data from aMedipix3 direct electron detector. Most of our software is available under anopen source licence, permitting transparency of the implemented algorithms, andallowing the community to freely use and further improve upon them.
Proton Irradiation-Decelerated Intergranular Corrosion of Ni-Cr Alloys  in Molten Salt	2019	"The effects of ionizing radiation on materials often reduce to ""bad news.""Radiation damage usually leads to detrimental effects such as embrittlement,accelerated creep, phase instability, and radiation-altered corrosion. Thislast point merits special attention. Elucidating synergies between radiationand corrosion has been one of the most challenging tasks impeding thedeployment of advanced reactors, stemming from the combined effects of hightemperature, corrosive coolants, and intense particle fluxes. Here we reportthat proton irradiation significantly and repeatably decelerates intergranularcorrosion of Ni-Cr alloys in molten fluoride salt at 650C. We demonstrate thiseffect by showing that the depth of intergranular voids resulting from Crleaching into the salt is reduced by the proton irradiation alone. Interstitialdefects generated from proton irradiation result in radiation-enhanceddiffusion, more rapidly replenishing corrosion-injected vacancies with alloyconstituents, thus playing the crucial role in decelerating corrosion. Ourresults show that in industrially-relevant scenarios irradiation can have apositive impact, challenging our view that radiation damage always results innegative effects."
Spin-bath polarization via disentanglement	2019	Spin bath polarization is the key to enhancing the sensitivity of quantumsensing and information processing. Significant effort has been invested inidentifying the consequences of quantumness and its control for spin-bathpolarization. Here, by contrast, we focus on the adverse role of quantumcorrelations (entanglement) in a spin bath that can impede its cooling in manyrealistic scenarios. We propose to remove this impediment by modified coolingschemes, incorporating probe-induced disentanglement via alternating,non-commuting probe-bath interactions, so as to suppress the buildup of quantumcorrelations in the bath. The resulting bath polarization is therebyexponentially enhanced. The underlying thermodynamic principles havefar-reaching implications for quantum technological applications
Adversarial Embedding: A robust and elusive Steganography and  Watermarking technique	2019	We propose adversarial embedding, a new steganography and watermarkingtechnique that embeds secret information within images. The key idea of ourmethod is to use deep neural networks for image classification and adversarialattacks to embed secret information within images. Thus, we use the attacks toembed an encoding of the message within images and the related deep neuralnetwork outputs to extract it. The key properties of adversarial attacks(invisible perturbations, nontransferability, resilience to tampering) offerguarantees regarding the confidentiality and the integrity of the hiddenmessages. We empirically evaluate adversarial embedding using more than 100models and 1,000 messages. Our results confirm that our embedding passesunnoticed by both humans and steganalysis methods, while at the same timeimpedes illicit retrieval of the message (less than 13% recovery rate when theinterceptor has some knowledge about our model), and is resilient to soft and(to some extent) aggressive image tampering (up to 100% recovery rate underjpeg compression). We further develop our method by proposing a new type ofadversarial attack which improves the embedding density (amount of hiddeninformation) of our method to up to 10 bits per pixel.
Local Smart Inverter Control to Mitigate the Effects of Photovoltaic  (PV) Generation Variability	2019	The rapidly transforming electric power distribution system due to theintegration of distributed energy resources(DERs) specifically roof-topphotovoltaic (PV) generation may lead to significant operational challenges. Inthis paper, we address the challenges related to variable power generationprofile from PV resources leading to voltage fluctuations at the secondaryfeeder level. The objective is to develop local smart inverter control methodsto reduce the voltage fluctuations at distribution buses using reactive powersupport. Towards this goal, an approach based on the power flow measurements ofthe lines connected to the PV generation buses and the local PV generationmeasurements is proposed to obtain the required reactive power support tomitigate voltage fluctuations. The proposed method is validated using twothree-phase unbalanced test systems: IEEE-123 bus and the modified R3-12.47-2taxonomy feeder with 329-buses. It is shown that the proposed local controlapproach is effective in mitigating voltage violations resulting from largechanges in active power injections of the PV generators and in reducing overallvoltage fluctuations due to PV generation variability. Further, it is validatedthat the proposed local control approach results in a better performance withregard to decreasing the voltage fluctuations compared to a standard Theveninimpedance-based method.
Deep Relevance Regularization: Interpretable and Robust Tumor Typing of  Imaging Mass Spectrometry Data	2019	Neural networks have recently been established as a viable classificationmethod for imaging mass spectrometry data for tumor typing. Formulti-laboratory scenarios however, certain confounding factors may stronglyimpede their performance. In this work, we introduce Deep RelevanceRegularization, a method of restricting what the neural network can focus onduring classification, in order to improve the classification performance. Wedemonstrate how Deep Relevance Regularization robustifies neural networksagainst confounding factors on a challenging inter-lab dataset consisting ofbreast and ovarian carcinoma. We further show that this makes the relevance map-- a way of visualizing the discriminative parts of the mass spectrum --sparser, thereby making the classifier easier to interpret
An Adaptive Reaction Force Observer Design	2019	In this paper, a new adaptive design method is proposed for reaction forceobserver (RFOB) based robust force control systems. It is a well-known factthat an RFOB has several superiorities over a force sensor such as higher forcecontrol bandwidth, stability improvement, force-sensorless force control, andso on. However, there are insufficient analysis and design methods for an RFOBbased robust force control system; therefore, its stability and performancehighly depend on designers own experiences. To overcome this issue, newstability analysis and novel adaptive design methods are proposed for RFOBbased robust force control systems. In the proposed adaptive design method, thedesign parameters of the robust force control system, i.e., the bandwidths of adisturbance observer (DOB) and an RFOB, the nominal and identified inertias inthe design of a DOB and an RFOB, respectively, and the force control gain, areadjusted automatically by using an adaptive control algorithm which is derivedby estimating the plant parameters and environmental impedance. The proposedadaptive design method provides good stability and performance by consideringthe design constraints of a DOB. The validity of the proposals is verified bysimulation and experimental results.
High Performance Computing for Geospatial Applications: A Retrospective  View	2019	Many types of geospatial analyses are computationally complex, involving, forexample, solution processes that require numerous iterations or combinatorialcomparisons. This complexity has motivated the application of high performancecomputing (HPC) to a variety of geospatial problems. In many instances, HPCassumes even greater importance because complexity interacts with rapidlygrowing volumes of geospatial information to further impede analysis anddisplay. This chapter briefly reviews the underlying need for HPC in geospatialapplications and describes different approaches to past implementations. Manyof these applications were developed using hardware systems that had arelatively short life-span and were implemented in software that was not easilyportable. More promising recent approaches have turned to the use ofdistributed resources that includes cyberinfrastructure as well as cloud andfog computing.
Frequency gradients in heterogeneous oscillatory media can spatially  localize self-organized wave sources that coordinate system-wide activity	2019	Rhythmogenesis, which is critical for many biological functions, involves atransition to coherent activity through cell-cell communication. In the absenceof centralized coordination by specialized cells (pacemakers), competingoscillating clusters impede this global synchrony. We show that spatialsymmetry-breaking through a frequency gradient results in the emergence oflocalized wave sources driving system-wide activity. Such gradients, arisingthrough heterogeneous inter-cellular coupling, may explain directed rhythmicactivity during labor in the uterus despite the absence of pacemakers.
Robust Bang-Off-Bang Low-Thrust Guidance Using Model Predictive Static  Programming	2019	Model Predictive Static Programming (MPSP) was always used under theassumption of continuous control, which impedes it for applications withbang-off-bang control directly. In this paper, MPSP is employed for the firsttime as a guidance scheme for low-thrust transfers with bang-off-bang controlwhere the fuel-optimal trajectory is used as the nominal solution. In ourmethod, dynamical equations in Cartesian coordinates are augmented by the masscostate equation, while the unconstrained velocity costate vector is used ascontrol variable, and is expressed as a combination of Fourier basis functionswith corresponding weights. A two-loop MPSP algorithm is designed where theweights and the initial mass costate are updated in the inner loop andcontinuation is conducted on the outer loop in case of large perturbations. Thesensitivity matrix (SM) is recursively calculated using analytical derivativesand SM at switching points is compensated based on calculus of variations. Ansample interplanetary CubeSat mission to an asteroid is used as study case toillustrate the effectiveness of the method developed.
Ring Morphology with Dust Coagulation in Protoplanetary Disks	2019	"Tidal interactions between the embedded planets and their surroundingprotoplanetary disks are often postulated to produce the observed complex dustsubstructures, including rings, gaps, and asymmetries. In this Letter, weexplore the consequences of dust coagulation on the dust dynamics and ringmorphology. Coagulation of dust grains leads to dust size growth which, undertypical disk conditions, produces faster radial drifts, potentially threateningthe dust ring formation. Utilizing 2D hydrodynamical simulations ofprotoplanetary disks which include a full treatment of dust coagulation, wefind that if the planet does not open a gap quickly enough, the formation of aninner ring is impeded due to dust coagulation and subsequent radial drift.Furthermore, we find that a ""buildup"" of sub-mm sized grains often appears inthe dust emission at the outer edge of the dust disk."
Design of active acoustic metamaterials with periodic piezoelectric  microstructure	2019	A novel special class of active periodic metamaterials is designed, suitablefor achieving high-performance tunable acoustic filters. The metamaterial ismade up of a phononic crystal coupled to local resonators. Such localresonators consist of masses enclosed into piezoelectric rings, shunted by anon-dissipative electrical circuit. The use of passive bipoles, with variableimpedance/admittance, makes it possible to fully tuning the constitutiveproperties of the shunting piezoelectric material. This feature paves the wayfor unconventional behaviours, well beyond the capabilities achievable withclassical materials. It follows that the acoustic properties of the periodicmetamaterial can be actively modified, in turn, opening new possibilities forthe control of pass and stop bands. By exploiting a generalization of theFloquet-Bloch theory, the free wave propagation in the active metamaterial isinvestigated, by varying a tuning parameter, to show the efficiency of theproposed shunting piezoelectric system as a wave propagation passive controldevice. Particular attention is devoted to the determination of the in-planeconstitutive equations of the shunting piezoelectric phase in the transformedLaplace space. Finally, broad design directions of active acoustic filters,adapt to a changing performance requirement in real-time, is also provided.
The factorization method for recovering cavities in a heat conductor	2019	In this paper, we develop a factorization method to reconstruct cavities in aheat conductor by knowing the Neumann-to-Dirichlet map at the boundary of thisconductor. The factorization method is a very well known reconstruction methodfor inverse problems described by self-adjoint elliptic equations. It enablesus to reconstruct the boundaries of unknown targets such as cavities andinclusions. This method was successfully applied for examples to the inversescattering problem by obstacles for the acoustic wave and the electricalimpedance tomography problem. The forward model equations for these problemsare the Helmholtz equation and the conductivity equation which are bothself-adjoint equations. On the other hand, the heat equation is a typicalnon-selfadjoint equation. This paper is giving the first attempt to study thefactorization method for inverse problems whose forward model equations arenon-selfadjoint. We emphasize that an auxiliary operator introduced in thispaper is the key which makes this attempt successful. This operator connectsthe back projection operators for the forward and backward heat equations.
Mirror skin effect and its electric circuit simulation	2019	We analyze impacts of crystalline symmetry on the non-Hermitian skin effects.Focusing on mirror symmetry, we propose a novel type of skin effects, a mirrorskin effect, which results in significant dependence of energy spectrum on theboundary condition only for the mirror invariant line in the two-dimensionalBrillouin zone. This effect arises from the topological propertiescharacterized by a mirror winding number. We further reveal that the mirrorskin effect can be observed for an electric circuit composed of negativeimpedance converters with current inversion where switching the boundarycondition significantly changes the admittance eigenvalues only along themirror invariant lines. Furthermore, we demonstrate that extensive localizationof the eigenstates for each mirror sector result in an anomalous voltageresponse.
Delineating Bone Surfaces in B-Mode Images Constrained by Physics of  Ultrasound Propagation	2020	Bone surface delineation in ultrasound is of interest due to its potential indiagnosis, surgical planning, and post-operative follow-up in orthopedics, aswell as the potential of using bones as anatomical landmarks in surgicalnavigation. We herein propose a method to encode the physics of ultrasoundpropagation into a factor graph formulation for the purpose of bone surfacedelineation. In this graph structure, unary node potentials encode the locallikelihood for being a soft tissue or acoustic-shadow (behind bone surface)region, both learned through image descriptors. Pair-wise edge potentialsencode ultrasound propagation constraints of bone surfaces given their largeacoustic-impedance difference. We evaluate the proposed method in comparisonwith four earlier approaches, on in-vivo ultrasound images collected fromdorsal and volar views of the forearm. The proposed method achieves an averageroot-mean-square error and symmetric Hausdorff distance of 0.28mm and 1.78mm,respectively. It detects 99.9% of the annotated bone surfaces with a meanscanline error (distance to annotations) of 0.39mm.
Simultaneous Wide-field Imaging of Phase and Magnitude of AC Magnetic  Signal Using Diamond Quantum Magnetometry	2020	Spectroscopic analysis of AC magnetic signal using diamond quantummagnetometry is a promising technique for inductive imaging. Conventionaldynamic decoupling like XY8 provides a high sensitivity of an oscillatingmagnetic signal with intricate dependence on magnitude and phase, complicatinghigh throughput detection of each parameter. In this study, a simplemeasurement scheme for independent and simultaneous detection of magnitude andphase is demonstrated by a sequential measurement protocol. Wide-field imagingexperiment was performed for an oscillating magnetic field with approximately100$\mu$m-squared observation area. Single pixel phase precision was$2.1^\circ$ for 0.76$\mu$T AC magnetic signal. Our method enables potentialapplications including inductive inspection and impedance imaging.
The 3.4 m absorption of the Titan's stratosphere: contribution of  ethane, propane, butane and complex hydrogenated organics	2020	The complex organic chemistry harbored by the atmosphere of Titan has beeninvestigated in depth by Cassini observations. Among them, a series of solaroccultations performed by the VIMS instrument throughout the 13 years ofCassini revealed a strong absorption centered at 3.4 $\mu$m. Several moleculespresent in Titan's atmosphere create spectral features in that wavelengthregion, but their individual contributions are difficult to disentangle. Inthis work, we quantify the contribution of the various molecular species to the3.4 $\mu$m band using a radiative transfer model. Ethane and propane are asignificant component of the band but they are not enough to fit the shapeperfectly, then we need something else. Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (PAHs)and more complex polyaromatic hydrocarbons like Hydrogenated Amorphous Carbons(HACs) are the most plausible candidates because they are rich in C-H bonds.PAHs signature have already been detected above ~900 km, and they arerecognized as aerosols particles precursors. High similarities betweenindividual spectra impede abundances determinations.
Interpretation of the modulus spectra of organic field-effect  transistors with electrode overlap and peripheral regions: determination of  the electronic properties of the gate insulator and organic semiconductor	2020	The modulus spectra of organic field-effect transistors (OFETs) withelectrode overlap and peripheral regions have been experimentally andtheoretically investigated. The complex impedance of regioregularpoly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl) (P3HT) OFETs with electrode overlap andperipheral regions was measured with a frequency response analyzer. The complexmodulus was derived from an equivalent circuit of OFETs with overlap andperipheral regions using a four-terminal matrix approach. The modulus spectraof the P3HT OFETs were successfully fitted by those calculated using theexpression derived from the equivalent circuit. Three structures were found inthe modulus spectra of the P3HT OFETs owing to the dielectric properties of thegate insulator, transport properties of the organic semiconductor, and contactresistance from the low to high frequency ranges. The resistivity of the gateinsulators and the field-effect mobility of working OFETs were determined usingthe values of the circuit components of the equivalent circuit obtained byfitting.
Reservoir computing for sensing: an experimental approach	2020	The increasing popularity of machine learning solutions puts increasingrestrictions on this field if it is to penetrate more aspects of life. Inparticular, energy efficiency and speed of operation is crucial, inter alia inportable medical devices. The Reservoir Computing (RC) paradigm poses as asolution to these issues through foundation of its operation: the reservoir ofstates. Adequate separation of input information translated into the internalstate of the reservoir, whose connections do not need to be trained, allow tosimplify the readout layer thus significantly accelerating the operation of thesystem. In this brief review article, the theoretical basis of RC was firstdescribed, followed by a description of its individual variants, theirdevelopment and state-of-the-art applications in chemical sensing andmetrology: detection of impedance changes and ion sensing. Presented resultsindicate applicability of reservoir computing for sensing and validating theSWEET algorithm experimentally.
Semi-Classical Holomorphic Transition Amplitudes in Covariant Loop  Quantum Gravity	2020	Covariant Loop Quantum Gravity (CLQG) is a tentative background-independentand non-perturbative theory of quantum gravity which has emerged from a numberof different research directions. Recently, this theory has been applied to theso-called Planck star model -- a particular model of stellar collapse in whichnon-perturbative quantum gravity effects play a predominant role. However,several obstacles have impeded progress in the investigation of this scenario.These obstacles range from conceptual issues, such as the question how toextract physical predictions from a background independent theory of quantumgravity, to computational problems due to a lack of systematic methods toevaluate CLQG transition amplitudes. This thesis addresses these problemsdirectly. It contains an analysis of the Planck star model within the frameworkof CLQG, including a clarifying discussion on relevant conceptual issues.Moreover, a new approximation method for CLQG transition amplitudes isdeveloped. This method allows to systematically study amplitudes in thesemi-classical regime of the theory and it sheds new light on the so-calledcosine problem.
Reservoir engineering with localized dissipation: dynamics and  pre-thermalization	2020	"Reservoir engineering lattice states using only localized engineereddissipation is extremely attractive from a resource point of view, but cansuffer from long relaxation times. Here, we study the relaxation dynamics ofbosonic lattice systems locally coupled to a single squeezed reservoir. Suchsystems can relax into a highly non-trivial pure states with long-rangeentanglement. In the limit of large system size, analytic expressions for thedissipation spectrum can be found by making an analogy to scattering from alocalized impurity. This allows us to study the cross-over from perturbativerelaxation to a slow, quantum-Zeno regime. We also find the possibility ofregimes of accelerated relaxation due to a surprising impedance matchingphenomena. We also study intermediate time behaviors, identifying a long-lived""prethermalized"" state associated that exists within a light cone like area.This intermediate state can be quasi-stationary, and can very differententanglement properties from the ultimate dissipative steady state."
Revisiting the detection rate for axion haloscopes	2020	The cavity haloscope has been employed to detect microwave photons resonantlyconverted from invisible cosmic axions under a strong magnetic field. In thisscheme, the axion-photon conversion power has been formulated to be valid forcertain conditions, either $Q_{cavity}\ll Q_{\rm axion}$ or $Q_{cavity} \ggQ_{axion}$. This remedy, however, fails when these two quantities arecomparable to each other. Furthermore, the noise power flow has been treatedindependently of the impedance mismatch of the system, which could give rise tomisleading estimates of the experimental sensitivity. We revisit the analyticalapproaches to derive a general description of the signal and noise power. Wealso optimize the coupling strength of a receiver to yield the maximalsensitivity for axion search experiments.
Estimation of acoustic wave non-linearity in ultrasonic measurement  systems	2020	Most measurement methods based on ultrasound, such as sound velocity,absorption or flow measurement systems, require that the acoustic wavepropagation is linear. In many cases, linear wave propagation is assumed due tosmall signal amplitudes or verified, for example, by analysing the receivedsignal spectra for the generation of harmonic frequency components. In thiscontribution, we present an approach to quantify occurrence of non-lineareffects of acoustic wave propagation in ultrasonic measurement systems based onthe evaluation of the acoustic Reynolds number. One parameter required for thedetermination of the acoustic Reynolds number is the particle velocity of theacoustic wave, which is not trivially obtained in most measurement systems. Wethus present a model-based approach to estimate the particle velocity of anacoustic wave by identifying a Mason model from electrical impedancemeasurements of a given transducer. The Mason model is then used to determinethe transducer's velocity output for a given electrical signal, allowing for anevaluation of the acoustic Reynolds number for different target media.
Homophily based on few attributes can impede structural balance	2020	"Two complementary mechanisms are thought to shape social groups: homophilybetween agents and structural balance in connected triads. Here we consider $N$fully connected agents, where each agent has $G$ underlying attributes, and thesimilarity between agents in attribute space (i.e., homophily) is used todetermine the link weight between them. To incorporate structural balance weuse a triad-updating rule where only one attribute of one agent is changedintentionally in each update, but this also leads to accidental changes in linkweights and even link polarities. The link weight dynamics in the limit oflarge $G$ is described by a Fokker-Planck equation from which the conditionsfor a phase transition to a fully balanced state with all links positive can beobtained. This ""paradise state"" of global cooperation is, however, difficult toachieve requiring $G > O(N^2)$ and $p>0.5$, where the parameter $p$ captures awillingness to consensus. Allowing edge weights to be a consequence ofattributes naturally captures homophily and reveals that many real-world socialsystems would have a subcritical number of attributes necessary to achievestructural balance."
Infrequent adverse event prediction in low carbon energy production  using machine learning	2020	Machine Learning is one of the fastest growing fields in academia. Manyindustries are aiming to incorporate machine learning tools into their day today operation. However the keystone of doing so, is recognising when you have aproblem which can be solved using machine learning. Adverse event prediction isone such problem. There are a wide range of methods for the production ofsustainable energy. In many of which adverse events can occur which can impedeenergy production and even damage equipment. The two examples of adverse eventprediction in sustainable energy production we examine in this paper are foamformation in anaerobic digestion and condenser fouling in steam turbines asused in nuclear power stations. In this paper we will propose a framework for:formalising a classification problem based around adverse event prediction,building predictive maintenance models capable of predicting these eventsbefore they occur and testing the reliability of these models.
Topolectrical-circuit realization of 4D hexadecapole insulator	2020	Recently, the theory of quantized dipole polarization has been extended toaccount for electric multipole moments, giving rise to the discovery ofmultipole topological insulators (TIs). Both two-dimensional (2D) quadrupoleand three-dimensional (3D) octupole TIs with robust zero-dimensional (0D)corner states have been realized in various classical systems. However, due tothe intrinsic 3D limitation, the higher dimensional multipole TIs, such asfour-dimensional (4D) hexadecapole TIs, are supposed to be extremely hard toconstruct in real space, although some of their properties have been discussedthrough the synthetic dimensions. Here, we theoretically propose andexperimentally demonstrate the realization of classical analog of 4Dhexadecapole TI based on the electric circuits in fully real space. Theexplicit construction of 4D hexadecapole circuits, where the connection ofnodes is allowed in any desired way free from constraints of locality anddimensionality, is provided. By direct circuit simulations and impedancemeasurements, the in-gap corner states protected by the quantized hexadecapolemoment in the 4D circuit lattices are observed and the robustness of cornerstate is also demonstrated. Our work offers a new pathway to study the higherorder/dimensional topological physics in real space.
Electronic heat flow and thermal shot noise in quantum circuits	2020	When assembling individual quantum components into a mesoscopic circuit, theinterplay between Coulomb interaction and charge granularity breaks down theclassical laws of electrical impedance composition. Here we exploreexperimentally the thermal consequences, and observe an additional quantummechanism of electronic heat transport. The investigated, broadly tunabletest-bed circuit is composed of a micron-scale metallic node connected to oneelectronic channel and a resistance. Heating up the node with Jouledissipation, we separately determine, from complementary noise measurements,both its temperature and the thermal shot noise induced by the temperaturedifference across the channel (`delta-$T$ noise'). The thermal shot noisepredictions are thereby directly validated, and the electronic heat flow isrevealed. The latter exhibits a contribution from the channel involving theelectrons' partitioning together with the Coulomb interaction. Expanding heatcurrent predictions to include the thermal shot noise, we find a quantitativeagreement with experiments.
Extreme Algorithm Selection With Dyadic Feature Representation	2020	Algorithm selection (AS) deals with selecting an algorithm from a fixed setof candidate algorithms most suitable for a specific instance of an algorithmicproblem, e.g., choosing solvers for SAT problems. Benchmark suites for ASusually comprise candidate sets consisting of at most tens of algorithms,whereas in combined algorithm selection and hyperparameter optimizationproblems the number of candidates becomes intractable, impeding to learneffective meta-models and thus requiring costly online performance evaluations.Therefore, here we propose the setting of extreme algorithm selection (XAS)where we consider fixed sets of thousands of candidate algorithms, facilitatingmeta learning. We assess the applicability of state-of-the-art AS techniques tothe XAS setting and propose approaches leveraging a dyadic featurerepresentation in which both problem instances and algorithms are described. Wefind the latter to improve significantly over the current state of the art invarious metrics.
Correlated spectrum of distant semiconductor qubits coupled by microwave  photons	2020	Circuit quantum electrodynamics (QED) provides a promising gateway towardsnonlocal qubit interactions and non-demolition qubit read-out for scalablequantum computation. Recently, strong coupling of two semiconductor qubits by amicrowave resonator has been convincingly demonstrated. Here, we develop a newspectroscopic method to quickly and intuitively characterize the correlationsof two microwave-photon-coupled semiconductor qubits. Nine different couplingregimes can be conveniently identified via reflectometry of a high-impedanceresonator. In particular, highly distinctive and unique geometric patterns arerevealed as we tune the qubit tunnel couplings relative to the frequency of themediating photons. These observed patterns are in excellent agreement with asimulation of the input-output response of the microwave resonator using theTavis-Cummings model, and allow us to readily identify different parameterregimes for both qubits. This correlated spectroscopy method could potentiallybe expanded as a practical method for quickly characterizing multiple cavityQED coupled semiconductor qubits.
Improved Light-Matter Interaction for Storage of Quantum States of Light  in a Thulium-Doped Crystal Cavity	2020	We design and implement an atomic frequency comb quantum memory for 793 nmwavelength photons using a monolithic cavity based on a thulium-dopedY$_3$Al$_5$O$_{12}$ (Tm:YAG) crystal. Approximate impedance matching results inthe absorption of approximately $90\%$ of input photons and a memory efficiencyof (27.5$\pm$ 2.7)% over a 500 MHz bandwidth. The cavity enhancement leads to asignificant improvement over the previous efficiency in Tm-doped crystals usinga quantum memory protocol. In turn, this allows us for the first time to storeand recall quantum states of light in such a memory. Our results demonstrateprogress toward efficient and faithful storage of single photon qubits withlarge time-bandwidth product and multi-mode capacity for quantum networking.
Combating False Negatives in Adversarial Imitation Learning	2020	In adversarial imitation learning, a discriminator is trained todifferentiate agent episodes from expert demonstrations representing thedesired behavior. However, as the trained policy learns to be more successful,the negative examples (the ones produced by the agent) become increasinglysimilar to expert ones. Despite the fact that the task is successfullyaccomplished in some of the agent's trajectories, the discriminator is trainedto output low values for them. We hypothesize that this inconsistent trainingsignal for the discriminator can impede its learning, and consequently leads toworse overall performance of the agent. We show experimental evidence for thishypothesis and that the 'False Negatives' (i.e. successful agent episodes)significantly hinder adversarial imitation learning, which is the firstcontribution of this paper. Then, we propose a method to alleviate the impactof false negatives and test it on the BabyAI environment. This methodconsistently improves sample efficiency over the baselines by at least an orderof magnitude.
Separation of target anatomical structure and occlusions in chest  radiographs	2020	Chest radiographs are commonly performed low-cost exams for screening anddiagnosis. However, radiographs are 2D representations of 3D structures causingconsiderable clutter impeding visual inspection and automated image analysis.Here, we propose a Fully Convolutional Network to suppress, for a specifictask, undesired visual structure from radiographs while retaining the relevantimage information such as lung-parenchyma. The proposed algorithm createsreconstructed radiographs and ground-truth data from high resolution CT-scans.Results show that removing visual variation that is irrelevant for aclassification task improves the performance of a classifier when only limitedtraining data are available. This is particularly relevant because a low numberof ground-truth cases is common in medical imaging.
Multiphysics metamirrors for simultaneous manipulations of acoustic and  electromagnetic waves	2020	Metasurfaces have shown unprecedented possibilities for wavefrontmanipulation of waves. The research efforts have been focused on thedevelopment of metasurfaces that perform a specific functionality for waves ofone physical nature, for example, for electromagnetic waves. In this work, wepropose the use of power-flow conformal metamirrors for creation ofmultiphysics devices which can simultaneously control waves of differentnature. In particular, we introduce metasurface devices which perform specifiedoperations on both electromagnetic and acoustic waves at the same time. Using apurely analytical model based on surface impedances, we introduce metasurfacesthat perform the same functionality for electromagnetic and acoustic waves and,even more challenging, different functionalities for electromagnetics andacoustics. We provide realistic topologies for practical implementations ofproposed metasurfaces and confirm the results with numerical simulations.
Towards Semantic Noise Cleansing of Categorical Data based on Semantic  Infusion	2020	Semantic Noise affects text analytics activities for the domain-specificindustries significantly. It impedes the text understanding which holds primeimportance in the critical decision making tasks. In this work, we formalizesemantic noise as a sequence of terms that do not contribute to the narrativeof the text. We look beyond the notion of standard statistically-based stopwords and consider the semantics of terms to exclude the semantic noise. Wepresent a novel Semantic Infusion technique to associate meta-data with thecategorical corpus text and demonstrate its near-lossless nature. Based on thistechnique, we propose an unsupervised text-preprocessing framework to filterthe semantic noise using the context of the terms. Later we present theevaluation results of the proposed framework using a web forum dataset from theautomobile-domain.
Boundary solution based on rescaling method: recoup the first and  second-order statistics of neuron network dynamics	2020	There is a strong nexus between the network size and the computationalresources available, which may impede a neuroscience study. In the meantime,rescaling the network while maintaining its behavior is not a trivial mission.Additionally, modeling patterns of connections under topographic organizationpresents an extra challenge: to solve the network boundaries or mingled with anunwished behavior. This behavior, for example, could be an inset oscillationdue to the torus solution; or a blend with/of unbalanced neurons due to a lack(or overdose) of connections. We detail the network rescaling method able tosustain behavior statistical utilized in Romaro et al. (2018) and present aboundary solution method based on the previous statistics recoup idea.
Learning Whole-body Motor Skills for Humanoids	2020	This paper presents a hierarchical framework for Deep Reinforcement Learningthat acquires motor skills for a variety of push recovery and balancingbehaviors, i.e., ankle, hip, foot tilting, and stepping strategies. The policyis trained in a physics simulator with realistic setting of robot model andlow-level impedance control that are easy to transfer the learned skills toreal robots. The advantage over traditional methods is the integration ofhigh-level planner and feedback control all in one single coherent policynetwork, which is generic for learning versatile balancing and recovery motionsagainst unknown perturbations at arbitrary locations (e.g., legs, torso).Furthermore, the proposed framework allows the policy to be learned quickly bymany state-of-the-art learning algorithms. By comparing our learned results tostudies of preprogrammed, special-purpose controllers in the literature,self-learned skills are comparable in terms of disturbance rejection but withadditional advantages of producing a wide range of adaptive, versatile androbust behaviors.
Training Efficient Network Architecture and Weights via Direct Sparsity  Control	2020	Artificial neural networks (ANNs) especially deep convolutional networks arevery popular these days and have been proved to successfully offer quitereliable solutions to many vision problems. However, the use of deep neuralnetworks is widely impeded by their intensive computational and memory cost. Inthis paper, we propose a novel efficient network pruning method that issuitable for both non-structured and structured channel-level pruning. Ourproposed method tightens a sparsity constraint by gradually removing networkparameters or filter channels based on a criterion and a schedule. Theattractive fact that the network size keeps dropping throughout the iterationsmakes it suitable for the pruning of any untrained or pre-trained network.Because our method uses a L0 constraint instead of the L1 penalty, it does notintroduce any bias in the training parameters or filter channels. Furthermore,the L0 constraint makes it easy to directly specify the desired sparsity levelduring the network pruning process. Finally, experimental validation onsynthetic and real datasets both show that the proposed method obtains betteror competitive performance compared to other states of art network pruningmethods.
Conditional Modelling of Spatio-Temporal Extremes for Red Sea Surface  Temperatures	2020	Recent extreme value theory literature has seen significant emphasis on themodelling of spatial extremes, with comparatively little consideration ofspatio-temporal extensions. This neglects an important feature of extremeevents: their evolution over time. Many existing models for the spatial caseare limited by the number of locations they can handle; this impedes extensionto space-time settings, where models for higher dimensions are required.Moreover, the spatio-temporal models that do exist are restrictive in terms ofthe range of extremal dependence types they can capture. Recently, conditionalapproaches for studying multivariate and spatial extremes have been proposed,which enjoy benefits in terms of computational efficiency and an ability tocapture both asymptotic dependence and asymptotic independence. We extend thisclass of models to a spatio-temporal setting, conditioning on the occurrence ofan extreme value at a single space-time location. We adopt a compositelikelihood approach for inference, which combines information from fulllikelihoods across multiple space-time conditioning locations. We apply ourmodel to Red Sea surface temperatures, show that it fits well using a range ofdiagnostic plots, and demonstrate how it can be used to assess the risk ofcoral bleaching attributed to high water temperatures over consecutive days.
Fundamental and Environmental Contributions to the Cyclostationary Third  Moment of Current Fluctuations in a Tunnel Junction	2020	Current fluctuations generated by tunnel junctions are known to benon-Gaussian. However, this property is lost when fluctuations are measured athigh frequency and limited bandwidth. We show that the quadratures of theelectric field generated by a tunnel junction at frequency $f$ displays thirdorder correlations, i.e. skewness, when the junction is electrically driven at$3f$, revealing the Poisonnian statistic of charge transfer by the barrier evenat short time-scales. In addition to this intrinsic contribution from thejunction, we observe extra correlations induced by the environmental noise atfrequency $f$ as well as a feedback effects coming from the environmentalimpedance not only at frequency $f$ but also at some multiples of $f$.
The Added Value of Coordinating Inverter Control	2020	Coordinated photovoltaic inverter control with a zero-current injectionfunction and centralised curtailment coordination in low-voltage distributionnetworks is studied. Comparing to autonomous droop-control inverters, up to 7%more PV output is utilised at high PV penetration with 50 mm$^2$ low-voltageconductors. The hosting capacity could be doubled when the high-impedancenetwork is constrained by the transformer capacity limits. The added value ofcoordinated control in terms of the utilisation of active power is diminishingwith larger conductors and at lower penetration levels. However, even in thatcase, it is demonstrated that coordinated inverter control prevents invertercycling and gives additional flexibility for achieving different objectivessuch as the fairer distribution of PV curtailment and rewarding PV customersfor utilising the excess power locally.
Study of Position Sensitive Silicon Detector (PSD) for SiW-ECAL at ILC	2020	We are developing position sensitive silicon detectors (PSDs) which have anelectrode at each of four corners so that incident position of a chargedparticle can be obtained with signal from the electrodes. It is expected thatthe position resolution of the electromagnetic calorimeter (ECAL) of the ILDdetector will be improved by introducing PSDs to detection layers. We have beendeveloping the PSDs for several years. In the previous production we found thatthe charge separation is not optimally done due to the readout impedance. Tosolve the issue, we produced new PSDs with higher surface resistance with anadditional resistive layer on the surface. We also implemented severaltechniques to decrease position distortion and increase signal-to-noise ratiowhich are essential for the optimal position resolution. The measurements onthe prototype sensors are ongoing, including radiation source measurement andlaser measurement using an ASIC for silicon pad detectors.
Can we overcome the neutrino floor at high masses?	2020	"The neutrino floor is a barrier in the parameter space of weakly interactingmassive particles (WIMPs) below which discovery is impeded due to an almostirreducible background of neutrinos. Directional gas time projection chamberscould discriminate against Solar neutrinos, relevant for WIMP masses$\lesssim$10 GeV, but would require prohibitively large volumes to go beyondthe neutrino floor due to atmospheric neutrinos for masses $\gtrsim$100 GeV.Here we combine all potential methods of subtracting the neutrino background todetermine how much of this difficult to reach, but well-motivated, parameterspace it is feasible to reach. Most notably, we quantify whether a proposeddirectional signal in xenon and argon experiments called ""columnarrecombination"" can help in this task. We find that even if the strength of thiseffect is amplified beyond current experimental results, the quantity ofdirectional information contained in the recombination signal is too low torealistically discriminate against the atmospheric neutrino background.Instead, exploiting future complementarity with neutrino experiments such asDUNE will be the most practical means to push direct WIMP searches below theneutrino floor."
Survey on Individual Differences in Visualization	2020	Developments in data visualization research have enabled visualizationsystems to achieve great general usability and application across a variety ofdomains. These advancements have improved not only people's understanding ofdata, but also the general understanding of people themselves, and how theyinteract with visualization systems. In particular, researchers have graduallycome to recognize the deficiency of having one-size-fits-all visualizationinterfaces, as well as the significance of individual differences in the use ofdata visualization systems. Unfortunately, the absence of comprehensive surveysof the existing literature impedes the development of this research. In thispaper, we review the research perspectives, as well as the personality traitsand cognitive abilities, visualizations, tasks, and measures investigated inthe existing literature. We aim to provide a detailed summary of existingscholarship, produce evidence-based reviews, and spur future inquiry.
Focus on Semantic Consistency for Cross-domain Crowd Understanding	2020	For pixel-level crowd understanding, it is time-consuming and laborious indata collection and annotation. Some domain adaptation algorithms try toliberate it by training models with synthetic data, and the results in somerecent works have proved the feasibility. However, we found that a mass ofestimation errors in the background areas impede the performance of theexisting methods. In this paper, we propose a domain adaptation method toeliminate it. According to the semantic consistency, a similar distribution indeep layer's features of the synthetic and real-world crowd area, we firstintroduce a semantic extractor to effectively distinguish crowd and backgroundin high-level semantic information. Besides, to further enhance the adaptedmodel, we adopt adversarial learning to align features in the semantic space.Experiments on three representative real datasets show that the proposed domainadaptation scheme achieves the state-of-the-art for cross-domain countingproblems.
Economic Viability and Infrastructure Requirements for the  Electrification of Highway Traffic	2020	Battery electric vehicles are rapidly entering the market. Their successoffers great opportunities for the decarbonization of the transport sector, butalso pose new challenges to energy infrastructures. Public charging stationsmust be built and power grids may become congested. In this article, we analyzethe optimal layout and operation of charging systems along highways using ahigh-resolution optimization model. We discuss the economic viability andidentify potential roadblocks impeding a rapid build-up of electric mobility.We find that congestion of regional distribution grids becomes a serious issuealready for a moderate market penetration of electric vehicles. While peakloads can be handled by battery electric storage systems, the grid connectionfundamentally limits the total amount of cars that can be served per day. Ourresults further highlight the interdependency of different sectors and theimportance of regional infrastructures during the transformation to asustainable energy system. Given the long time period needed for the planningand realization of infrastructure measures, rapid decisions are imperative.
Chronofold: a data structure for versioned text	2020	Chronofold is a replicated data structure for versioned text, based on theextended Causal Tree model. Past models of this kind either retrofitted locallinear orders to a distributed system (the OT approach) or employed distributeddata models locally (the CRDT approach). That caused either extreme fragilityin a distributed setting or egregious overheads in local use. Overall, thatlocal/distributed impedance mismatch is cognitively taxing and causes lots ofcomplexity. We solve that by using subjective linear orders locally at eachreplica, while inter-replica communication uses a distributed model. A separatetranslation layer insulates local data structures from the distributedenvironment. We modify the Lamport timestamping scheme to make that translationas trivial as possible. We believe our approach has applications beyond thedomain of collaborative editing.
Overlap Local-SGD: An Algorithmic Approach to Hide Communication Delays  in Distributed SGD	2020	Distributed stochastic gradient descent (SGD) is essential for scaling themachine learning algorithms to a large number of computing nodes. However, theinfrastructures variability such as high communication delay or random nodeslowdown greatly impedes the performance of distributed SGD algorithm,especially in a wireless system or sensor networks. In this paper, we proposean algorithmic approach named Overlap-Local-SGD (and its momentum variant) tooverlap the communication and computation so as to speedup the distributedtraining procedure. The approach can help to mitigate the straggler effects aswell. We achieve this by adding an anchor model on each node. After multiplelocal updates, locally trained models will be pulled back towards thesynchronized anchor model rather than communicating with others. Experimentalresults of training a deep neural network on CIFAR-10 dataset demonstrate theeffectiveness of Overlap-Local-SGD. We also provide a convergence guarantee forthe proposed algorithm under non-convex objective functions.
Systematic Synthesis and Design of Ultra-Low Threshold Parametric  Frequency Dividers	2020	A new method is discussed for the systematic synthesis, design andperformance optimization of varactor-based parametric frequency dividers (PFDs)exhibiting an ultra-low power threshold ($P_{th}$). For the first time, it isanalytically shown that the $P_{th}$-value exhibited by any PFD can always beexpressed as an explicit closed-form function of the different impedancesforming its network. Such a unique and unexplored property permits to rely onlinear models, during the PFD design and performance optimization. The validityof our analytical model has been verified, in a commercial circuit simulator,through time-domain and frequency-domain algorithms. To demonstrate theeffectiveness of our new synthesis approach, we also report on a lumpedprototype of a 200:100MHz PFD, realized on a printed circuit board (PCB).Although inductors with quality factors lower than 50 were used, the PFDprototype exhibits a $P_{th}$-value lower than $-$15dBm. Such a low$P_{th}$-value is the lowest one ever reported for passive varactor-based PFDs,operating in the same frequency range.
Sampling for Deep Learning Model Diagnosis (Technical Report)	2020	Deep learning (DL) models have achieved paradigm-changing performance in manyfields with high dimensional data, such as images, audio, and text. However,the black-box nature of deep neural networks is a barrier not just to adoptionin applications such as medical diagnosis, where interpretability is essential,but also impedes diagnosis of under performing models. The task of diagnosingor explaining DL models requires the computation of additional artifacts, suchas activation values and gradients. These artifacts are large in volume, andtheir computation, storage, and querying raise significant data managementchallenges.  In this paper, we articulate DL diagnosis as a data management problem, andwe propose a general, yet representative, set of queries to evaluate systemsthat strive to support this new workload. We further develop a novel datasampling technique that produce approximate but accurate results for thesemodel debugging queries. Our sampling technique utilizes the lower dimensionrepresentation learned by the DL model and focuses on model decision boundariesfor the data in this lower dimensional space. We evaluate our techniques on onestandard computer vision and one scientific data set and demonstrate that oursampling technique outperforms a variety of state-of-the-art alternatives interms of query accuracy.
Emergence of Competing Stripe Phase near the Mott Transition in Ti-doped  Bilayer Calcium Ruthenates	2020	We report the nanoscale imaging of Ti-doped bilayer calcium ruthenates duringthe Mott metal-insulator transition by microwave impedance microscopy.Different from a typical first-order phase transition where coexistence of thetwo terminal phases takes place, a new metallic stripe phase oriented along thein-plane crystalline axes emerges inside both the G-type antiferromagneticinsulating state and paramagnetic metallic state. The effect of this electronicstate can be observed in macroscopic measurements, allowing us to construct aphase diagram that takes into account the energetically competing phases. Ourwork provides a model approach to correlate the macroscopic properties andmesoscopic phase separation in complex oxide materials.
Graph-based Faulted Line Identification Using Micro-PMU Data in  Distribution Systems	2020	Motivated by increasing penetration of distributed generators (DGs) and fastdevelopment of micro-phasor measurement units ({\mu}PMUs), this paper proposesa novel graph-based faulted line identification algorithm using a limitednumber of {\mu}PMUs in distribution networks. The core of the proposed methodis to apply advanced distribution system state estimation (DSSE) techniquesintegrating {\mu}PMU data to the fault location. We propose a distributed DSSEalgorithm to efficiently restrict the searching region for the fault source inthe feeder between two adjacent {\mu}PMUs. Based on the graph model of thefeeder in the reduced searching region, we further perform the DSSE in ahierarchical structure and identify the location of the fault source. Also, theproposed approach captures the impact of DGs on distribution system operationand remains robust against high-level noises in measurements. Numericalsimulations verify the accuracy and efficiency of the proposed method undervarious fault scenarios covering multiple fault types and fault impedances.
A Taxonomy of Data Attacks in Power Systems	2020	In a macro-economic system, all major sectors: agriculture, extraction ofnatural resources, manufacturing, construction, transport, communication andhealth services, are dependent on a reliable supply of electricity. Targetedattacks on power networks can lead to disruption in operations, causingsignificant economic and social losses. When cyber networks in power system arecompromised, time-critical data can be dropped and modified, which can impedereal time operations and decision making. This paper tracks the progress ofresearch in power system cyber security over the last decade and presents ataxonomy of data attacks. Nineteen different attack models against majoroperation and control blocks are classified into four areas: steady statecontrol, transient and auxiliary control, substation control and load control.For each class, a comprehensive review of mathematical attack models ispresented. The goal is to provide a theoretically balanced approach to cyberattacks and their impacts on the reliable functioning of the electric grid.
From Seeing to Moving: A Survey on Learning for Visual Indoor Navigation  (VIN)	2020	Visual Indoor Navigation (VIN) task has drawn increasing attentions from thedata-driven machine learning communities especially with the recent reportedsuccess from learning-based methods. Due to the innate complexity of this task,researchers have tried approaching the problem from a variety of differentangles, the full scope of which has not yet been captured within an overarchingreport. In this survey, we discuss the representative work of learning-basedapproaches for visual navigation and its related tasks. Firstly, we summarizethe current work in terms of task representations and applied methods alongwith their properties. We then further identify and discuss lingering issuesimpeding the performance of VIN tasks and motivate future research in these keyareas worth exploring in the future for the community.
Channel Equilibrium Networks for Learning Deep Representation	2020	"Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are typically constructed by stackingmultiple building blocks, each of which contains a normalization layer such asbatch normalization (BN) and a rectified linear function such as ReLU. However,this work shows that the combination of normalization and rectified linearfunction leads to inhibited channels, which have small magnitude and contributelittle to the learned feature representation, impeding the generalizationability of CNNs. Unlike prior arts that simply removed the inhibited channels,we propose to ""wake them up"" during training by designing a novel neuralbuilding block, termed Channel Equilibrium (CE) block, which enables channelsat the same layer to contribute equally to the learned representation. We showthat CE is able to prevent inhibited channels both empirically andtheoretically. CE has several appealing benefits. (1) It can be integrated intomany advanced CNN architectures such as ResNet and MobileNet, outperformingtheir original networks. (2) CE has an interesting connection with the NashEquilibrium, a well-known solution of a non-cooperative game. (3) Extensiveexperiments show that CE achieves state-of-the-art performance on variouschallenging benchmarks such as ImageNet and COCO."
Influence of disorder on spin-orbit torques in perpendicularly  magnetized FePt single layer	2020	We report the disorder-dependent spin-orbit torques (SOT) in 3-nm-thick FePtsingle layer grown on MgO (001) substrate. With varying growth temperatures,perpendicularly magnetized FePt films with different ordering have beenachieved. The magnetization can be almost completely switched for the filmswith enormous disorder, while very small percent of magnetization can beswitched for the films with the mixture of fully L10 ordered and poor chemicalordering. Through harmonics measurements, we have found that the spin Hallangle is larger for the mixed ordered FePt film, indicating larger spin currentgeneration efficiency. However, in this film, the complicated magnetizationdynamics due to the mixture of fully L10 ordered and poor chemical ordering hasimpeded the magnetization switching. This finding illustrates the efficiency ofSOT in FePt single layer is much dependent on the disorder.
Image Reconstruction for Multi-frequency Electromagnetic Tomography  based on Multiple Measurement Vector Model	2020	Imaging the bio-impedance distribution of a biological sample can provideunderstandings about the sample's electrical properties which is an importantindicator of physiological status. This paper presents a multi-frequencyelectromagnetic tomography (mfEMT) technique for biomedical imaging. The systemconsists of 8 channels of gradiometer coils with adjustable sensitivity andexcitation frequency. To exploit the frequency correlation among eachmeasurement, we reconstruct multiple frequency data simultaneously based on theMultiple Measurement Vector (MMV) model. The MMV problem is solved by using asparse Bayesian learning method that is especially effective for sparsedistribution. Both simulations and experiments have been conducted to verifythe performance of the method. Results show that by taking advantage ofmultiple measurements, the proposed method is more robust to noisy data forill-posed problems compared to the commonly used single measurement vectormodel.
Multi-frequency Electromagnetic Tomography for Acute Stroke Detection  Using Frequency Constrained Sparse Bayesian Learning	2020	Imaging the bio-impedance distribution of the brain can provide initialdiagnosis of acute stroke. This paper presents a compact and non-radiativetomographic modality, i.e. multi-frequency electromagnetic tomography (mfEMT),for the initial diagnosis of acute stroke. The mfEMT system consists of 12channels of gradiometer coils with adjustable sensitivity and excitationfrequency. To solve the image reconstruction problem of mfEMT, we propose anenhanced Frequency-Constrained Sparse Bayesian Learning (FC-SBL) tosimultaneously reconstruct the conductivity distribution at all frequencies.Based on the Multiple Measurement Vector (MMV) model in the Sparse BayesianLearning (SBL) framework, FC-SBL can recover the underlying distributionpattern of conductivity among multiple images by exploiting the frequencyconstraint information. Both simulations and experiments were conducted toevaluate the performance of FC-SBL. Results showed that the proposed FC-SBLmethod is robust to noisy data for image reconstruction problems of mfEMTcompared to the single measurement vector model, which is promising to detectacute strokes in the brain region with enhanced spatial resolution and in acalibration-free manner.
AI-Mediated Exchange Theory	2020	As Artificial Intelligence (AI) plays an ever-expanding role insociotechnical systems, it is important to articulate the relationships betweenhumans and AI. However, the scholarly communities studying human-AIrelationships -- including but not limited to social computing, machinelearning, science and technology studies, and other social sciences -- aredivided by the perspectives that define them. These perspectives vary both bytheir focus on humans or AI, and in the micro/macro lenses through which theyapproach subjects. These differences inhibit the integration of findings, andthus impede science and interdisciplinarity. In this position paper, we proposethe development of a framework AI-Mediated Exchange Theory (AI-MET) to bridgethese divides. As an extension to Social Exchange Theory (SET) in the socialsciences, AI-MET views AI as influencing human-to-human relationships via ataxonomy of mediation mechanisms. We list initial ideas of these mechanisms,and show how AI-MET can be used to help human-AI research communities speak toone another.
Deep Learning Approach to Diabetic Retinopathy Detection	2020	Diabetic retinopathy is one of the most threatening complications of diabetesthat leads to permanent blindness if left untreated. One of the essentialchallenges is early detection, which is very important for treatment success.Unfortunately, the exact identification of the diabetic retinopathy stage isnotoriously tricky and requires expert human interpretation of fundus images.Simplification of the detection step is crucial and can help millions ofpeople. Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have been successfully applied inmany adjacent subjects, and for diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy itself.However, the high cost of big labeled datasets, as well as inconsistencybetween different doctors, impede the performance of these methods. In thispaper, we propose an automatic deep-learning-based method for stage detectionof diabetic retinopathy by single photography of the human fundus.Additionally, we propose the multistage approach to transfer learning, whichmakes use of similar datasets with different labeling. The presented method canbe used as a screening method for early detection of diabetic retinopathy withsensitivity and specificity of 0.99 and is ranked 54 of 2943 competing methods(quadratic weighted kappa score of 0.925466) on APTOS 2019 Blindness DetectionDataset (13000 images).
Deep Reinforcement Learning-Based Robust Protection in Electric  Distribution Grids	2020	This paper introduces a Deep Reinforcement Learning based controlarchitecture for protective relay control in power distribution systems. Thekey challenge in protective relay control is to quickly and accurately detectfaults from other disturbances in the system. The performance of widely-usedtraditional overcurrent protection scheme is limited by factors includingdistributed generations, power electronic interfaced devices and faultimpedance. We propose a deep reinforcement learning approach that is highlyaccurate, communication-free and easy to implement. The proposed relay designis tested in OpenDSS simulation on the IEEE 34-node and 123-node test feedersand demonstrated excellent performance from the aspect of failure rate,robustness and response speed.
Weight Priors for Learning Identity Relations	2020	Learning abstract and systematic relations has been an open issue in neuralnetwork learning for over 30 years. It has been shown recently that neuralnetworks do not learn relations based on identity and are unable to generalizewell to unseen data. The Relation Based Pattern (RBP) approach has beenproposed as a solution for this problem. In this work, we extend RBP byrealizing it as a Bayesian prior on network weights to model the identityrelations. This weight prior leads to a modified regularization term inotherwise standard network learning. In our experiments, we show that theBayesian weight priors lead to perfect generalization when learning identitybased relations and do not impede general neural network learning. We believethat the approach of creating an inductive bias with weight priors can beextended easily to other forms of relations and will be beneficial for manyother learning tasks.
Proof-of-principle direct measurement of Landau damping strength at the  Large Hadron Collider with an anti-damper	2020	Landau damping is an essential mechanism for ensuring collective beamstability in particle accelerators. Precise knowledge of how strong Landaudamping is, is key to making accurate predictions on beam stability forstate-of-the-art high energy colliders. In this paper we demonstrate anexperimental procedure that would allow quantifying the strength of Landaudamping and the limits of beam stability using an active transverse feedback asa controllable source of beam coupling impedance. In a proof-of-principle testperformed at the Large Hadron Collider stability diagrams for a range of LandauOctupole strengths have been measured. In the future, the procedure couldbecome an accurate way of measuring stability diagrams throughout the machinecycle.
ReZero is All You Need: Fast Convergence at Large Depth	2020	Deep networks have enabled significant performance gains across domains, butthey often suffer from vanishing/exploding gradients. This is especially truefor Transformer architectures where depth beyond 12 layers is difficult totrain without large datasets and computational budgets. In general, we findthat inefficient signal propagation impedes learning in deep networks. InTransformers, multi-head self-attention is the main cause of this poor signalpropagation. To facilitate deep signal propagation, we propose ReZero, a simplechange to the architecture that initializes an arbitrary layer as the identitymap, using a single additional learned parameter per layer. We apply thistechnique to language modeling and find that we can easily trainReZero-Transformer networks over a hundred layers. When applied to 12 layerTransformers, ReZero converges 56% faster on enwiki8. ReZero applies beyondTransformers to other residual networks, enabling 1,500% faster convergence fordeep fully connected networks and 32% faster convergence for a ResNet-56trained on CIFAR 10.
Wigner-Smith Time Delay Matrix for Electromagnetics: Theory and  Phenomenology	2020	Wigner-Smith (WS) time delay concepts have been used extensively in quantummechanics to characterize delays experienced by particles interacting with apotential well. This paper formally extends WS time delay theory to Maxwell'sequations and explores its potential applications in electromagnetics. The WStime delay matrix relates a lossless and reciprocal system's scattering matrixto its frequency derivative and allows for the construction of modes thatexperience well-defined group delays when interacting with the system. Thematrix' entries for guiding, scattering, and radiating systems are energy-likeoverlap integrals of the electric and/or magnetic fields that arise uponexcitation of the system via its ports. The WS time delay matrix has numerousapplications in electromagnetics, including the characterization of groupdelays in multiport systems, the description of electromagnetic fields in termsof elementary scattering processes, and the characterization of frequencysensitivities of fields and multiport antenna impedance matrices.
Structure, magnetic and dielectric properties in nano-crystalline  Yb$_2$CoMnO$_6$	2020	Structural, magnetic and dielectric properties have been studied forYb$_2$CoMnO$_6$. Nano-crystalline sample of Yb$_2$CoMnO$_6$ synthesized bysol-gel method and structural analysis shows that the sample crystallizes inmonoclinic crystal structure with \textit{P2$_1$/n} phase group. To understandthe charge state of Co, Mn and Yb we have performed the XPS study. Magneticstudy shows that the sample undergoes a paramagnetic to ferromagnetic phasetransition around $T_c$ $\sim$56 K and an additional magnetic ordering at alower temperature around 14 K due to ordering of Yb$^{3+}$ magnetic ions.Temperature dependent Raman study reveals that spin-phonon interaction ispresent in this material. Further, we have studied the dielectric properties ofthis material. We observed that the material shows a relaxation behavior thatobeys the thermally activated relaxation mechanism. Impedance spectroscopyreveals that the material shows non-Debye's behavior. AC conductivity study isperformed to understand the conduction mechanics which involve the quantummechanical tunneling phenomenon.
Distributed Small-Signal Stability Conditions for Inverter-Based  Unbalanced Microgrids	2020	The proliferation of inverter-based generation and advanced sensing,controls, and communication infrastructure have facilitated the accelerateddeployment of microgrids. A coordinated network of microgrids can maintainreliable power delivery to critical facilities during extreme events. Lowinertia offered by the power electronics interfaced energy resources however,can present significant challenges to ensuring stable operation of themicrogrids. In this work, distributed small-signal stability conditions forinverter-based microgrids are developed that involve the droop controllerparameters and the network parameters such as line impedances, loads, etc. Thedistributed closed-form parametric stability conditions derived in this papercan be verified in a computationally efficient manner, facilitating thereliable design and operations of networks of microgrids. Dynamic phasor modelshave been used to capture the effects of electromagnetic transients. Numericalresults are presented, along with PSCAD simulations, to validate the analyticalstability conditions. Effects of design choices, such as the conductor types,and inverter sizes, on the small-signal stability of inverter-based microgridsare investigated to identify interpretable stable or unstable region estimates.
SAM: The Sensitivity of Attribution Methods to Hyperparameters	2020	Attribution methods can provide powerful insights into the reasons for aclassifier's decision. We argue that a key desideratum of an explanation methodis its robustness to input hyperparameters which are often randomly set orempirically tuned. High sensitivity to arbitrary hyperparameter choices doesnot only impede reproducibility but also questions the correctness of anexplanation and impairs the trust of end-users. In this paper, we provide athorough empirical study on the sensitivity of existing attribution methods. Wefound an alarming trend that many methods are highly sensitive to changes intheir common hyperparameters e.g. even changing a random seed can yield adifferent explanation! Interestingly, such sensitivity is not reflected in theaverage explanation accuracy scores over the dataset as commonly reported inthe literature. In addition, explanations generated for robust classifiers(i.e. which are trained to be invariant to pixel-wise perturbations) aresurprisingly more robust than those generated for regular classifiers.
Depth Estimation by Learning Triangulation and Densification of Sparse  Points for Multi-view Stereo	2020	Multi-view stereo (MVS) is the golden mean between the accuracy of activedepth sensing and the practicality of monocular depth estimation. Cost volumebased approaches employing 3D convolutional neural networks (CNNs) haveconsiderably improved the accuracy of MVS systems. However, this accuracy comesat a high computational cost which impedes practical adoption. Distinct fromcost volume approaches, we propose an efficient depth estimation approach byfirst (a) detecting and evaluating descriptors for interest points, then (b)learning to match and triangulate a small set of interest points, and finally(c) densifying this sparse set of 3D points using CNNs. An end-to-end networkefficiently performs all three steps within a deep learning framework andtrained with intermediate 2D image and 3D geometric supervision, along withdepth supervision. Crucially, our first step complements pose estimation usinginterest point detection and descriptor learning. We demonstrate thatstate-of-the-art results on depth estimation with lower compute for differentscene lengths. Furthermore, our method generalizes to newer environments andthe descriptors output by our network compare favorably to strong baselines.
Optimization of Bathymetry for Long Waves with Small Amplitude	2020	This paper deals with bathymetry-oriented optimization in the case of longwaves with small amplitude. Under these two assumptions, the free-surfaceincompressible Navier-Stokes system can be written as a wave equation where thebathymetry appears as a parameter in the spatial operator. Looking then fortime-harmonic fields and writing the bottom topography as a perturbation of aflat bottom, we end up with a heterogeneous Helmholtz equation with impedanceboundary condition. In this way, we study some PDE-constrained optimizationproblem for a Helmholtz equation in heterogeneous media whose coefficients areonly bounded with bounded variation. We provide necessary condition for ageneral cost function to have at least one optimal solution. We also prove theconvergence of a finite element approximation of the solution to the consideredHelmholtz equation as well as the convergence of discrete optimum toward thecontinuous ones. We end this paper with some numerical experiments toillustrate the theoretical results and show that some of their assumptionscould actually be removed.
A Survey of Methods for Low-Power Deep Learning and Computer Vision	2020	Deep neural networks (DNNs) are successful in many computer vision tasks.However, the most accurate DNNs require millions of parameters and operations,making them energy, computation and memory intensive. This impedes thedeployment of large DNNs in low-power devices with limited compute resources.Recent research improves DNN models by reducing the memory requirement, energyconsumption, and number of operations without significantly decreasing theaccuracy. This paper surveys the progress of low-power deep learning andcomputer vision, specifically in regards to inference, and discusses themethods for compacting and accelerating DNN models. The techniques can bedivided into four major categories: (1) parameter quantization and pruning, (2)compressed convolutional filters and matrix factorization, (3) networkarchitecture search, and (4) knowledge distillation. We analyze the accuracy,advantages, disadvantages, and potential solutions to the problems with thetechniques in each category. We also discuss new evaluation metrics as aguideline for future research.
Fast tunable high Q-factor superconducting microwave resonators	2020	We present fast tunable superconducting microwave resonators fabricated fromplanar NbN on a sapphire substrate. The $3\lambda/4$ wavelength resonators aretuning fork shaped and tuned by passing a dc current which controls the kineticinductance of the tuning fork prongs. The $\lambda/4$ section from the open endoperates as an integrated impedance converter which creates a nearly perfectshort for microwave currents at the dc terminal coupling points, thuspreventing microwave energy leakage through the dc lines. We measure aninternal quality factor $Q_{\rm int}>10{^{5}}$ over the entire tuning range. Wedemonstrate a tuning range of $> 3\%$ and tuning response times as short as 20ns for the maximum achievable detuning. Due to the quasi-fractal design, theresonators are resilient to magnetic fields of up to 0.5 T.
Epitaxial bulk acoustic wave resonators as highly coherent multi-phonon  sources for quantum acoustodynamics	2020	Solid-state quantum acoustodynamic (QAD) systems provide a compact platformfor quantum information storage and processing by coupling acoustic phononsources with superconducting or spin qubits. The multi-mode compositehigh-overtone bulk acoustic wave resonator (HBAR) is a popular phonon sourcewell suited for QAD. However, scattering from defects, grain boundaries, andinterfacial/surface roughness in the composite transducer severely limits thephonon relaxation time in sputter-deposited devices. Here, we grow anepitaxial-HBAR, consisting of a metallic NbN bottom electrode and apiezoelectric GaN film on a SiC substrate. The acoustic impedance-matchedepi-HBAR has a power injection efficiency > 99% from transducer to phononcavity. The smooth interfaces and low defect density reduce phonon losses,yielding fxQ products and phonon lifetimes up to 1.36 x 10^17 Hz and 500microseconds respectively. The GaN/NbN/SiC epi-HBAR is an electricallyactuated, multi-mode phonon source that can be directly interfaced withNbN-based superconducting qubits or SiC-based spin qubits.
A Fully-Accelerated Surface Integral Equation Method for the  Electromagnetic Modeling of Arbitrary Objects	2020	Surface integral equation (SIE) methods are of great interest for thenumerical solution of Maxwell's equations in the presence of homogeneousobjects. However, existing SIE algorithms have limitations, either in terms ofscalability, frequency range, or material properties. We present a scalable SIEalgorithm based on the generalized impedance boundary condition which canefficiently handle, in a unified manner, both dielectrics and conductors over awide range of conductivity, size and frequency. We devise an efficient strategyfor the iterative solution of the resulting equations, with efficientpreconditioners and an object-specific use of the adaptive integral method.With a rigorous error analysis, we demonstrate that the adaptive integralmethod can be applied over a wide range of frequencies and conductivities.Several numerical examples, drawn from different applications, demonstrate theaccuracy and efficiency of the proposed algorithm.
Integrating Combined Task and Motion Planning with Compliant Control	2020	Planning a motion for inserting pegs remains an open problem. The difficultylies in both the inevitable errors in the grasps of a robotic hand and absoluteprecision problems in robot joint motors. This paper proposes an integralmethod to solve the problem. The method uses combined task and motion planningto plan the grasps and motion for a dual-arm robot to pick up the objects andmove them to assembly poses. Then, it controls the dual-arm robot using acompliant strategy (a combination of linear search, spiral search, andimpedance control) to finish up the insertion. The method is implemented on adual-arm Universal Robots 3 robot. Six objects, including a connector withfifteen peg-in-hole pairs for detailed analysis and other five objects withdifferent contours of pegs and holes for additional validation, were tested bythe robot. Experimental results show reasonable force-torque signal changes andend-effector position changes. The proposed method exhibits high robustness andhigh fidelity in successfully conducting planned peg-in-hole tasks.
A simple approach to bulk bioinspired tough ceramics	2020	The development of damage-resistant structural materials that can withstandharsh environments is a major issue in materials science and engineering.Bioinspired brick-and-mortar designs have recently demonstrated a range ofinteresting mechanical properties in proof-of-concept studies. However,reproducibility and scalability issues associated with the actual processingroutes have impeded further developments and industrialization of suchmaterials. Here we demonstrate a simple approach based on uniaxial pressing andfield assisted sintering of commercially available raw materials to processbioinspired ceramic/ceramic composites of larger thickness than previousapproaches, with a sample thickness up to 1 cm. The ceramic composite retainsthe strength typical of dense alumina ($430~\pm 30MPa$) while keeping theexcellent damage resistance demonstrated previously at the millimeter scalewith a crack initiation toughness of $6.6MPa.m^{1/2}$ and fracture toughness upto $17.6 MPa.m^{1/2}$. These results validate the potential of theseall-ceramic composites, previously demonstrated at lab scale only, and couldenable their optimization, scale-up, and industrialization.
Weak Radio Frequency Signal Detection Based on  Piezo-Opto-Electro-Mechanical System: Architecture Design and Sensitivity  Prediction	2020	We propose a novel radio-frequency (RF) receiving architecture based onmicro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS) and optical coherent detection module.The architecture converts the received electrical signal into mechanicalvibration through the piezoelectric effect and adopts an optical detectionmodule to detect the mechanical vibration. We analyze the response function ofpiezoelectric film to an RF signal, the noise limited sensitivity of theoptical detection module and the system transfer function in the frequencydomain. Finally, we adopt simple on-off keying (OOK) modulation with bandwidth1 kHz and carrier frequency 1 GHz, to numerically evaluate the detectionsensitivity. The result shows that, considering the main noise sources inwireless channel and circuits, the signal detection sensitivity can reacharound -160 dBm with a 50 $\Omega$ impedance. Such sensitivity significantlyoutperforms that of the currently deployed Long Term Evolution (LTE) system,when normalizing the transmission bandwidth also to 1 kHz.
Autonomous characterization of unbalanced LV feeders operation without  remote monitoring	2020	The lack of comprehensive monitoring equipment in low voltage (LV)residential feeders, impedes a near-term deployment of centralized schemes forthe integration of domestic-scale distributed generation (DG). In this context,this paper introduces a technique that generates a set of fitted polynomials,derived from offline simulations and regression analysis, that characterise themagnitude of representative network variables (i.e. key for network operation)as a direct analytical expression of the controllable local conditions of anyDG unit (i.e. active and reactive power injections). Crucially, thecoefficients of these polynomials can be estimated, autonomously at thelocation of each DG unit, without the need for remote monitoring (i.e. usingonly locally available measurements). During online implementation, the methodconsists only of direct calculations (i.e. non-iterative), facilitatingreal-time operation. The accuracy of the polynomials to estimate the magnitudeof the network variables is assessed under multiple scenarios on arepresentative radial LV feeder. Furthermore, the robustness of the method isdemonstrated under the presence of new generation and electric vehicles.
Microwave driven geometric quantum computation on semiconductor charge  qubits	2020	The charge qubit based on semiconductor double quantum dots is promising torealize fast and scalable quantum information processing. However, due to itsstrong coupling to charge noise, experimental realization of two-qubit gateshas fidelities below 90%. Here, we provide a theoretical framework to achieveprecise gate operations on a charge qubit using geometric quantum phase, namelygeometric quantum gates. Single-qubit operations are implemented using themicrowave-driven X-Y interacting Hamiltonian near certain sweet spots, wherethe charge noise is effectively suppressed. Meanwhile, we find that theperformance of the geometric gates can be further improved up to 99.86% usingcomposite pulses. In addition, to obtain a nontrivial two-qubit gate, weintroduce a hybrid system which consists of charge qubits interacting with ahigh-impedance superconducting resonator. We find that when the individualcharge qubit is in resonance with the resonator, it is possible to construct aSWAP-like gate with fidelity over 97%. Therefore, our results suggest that thegeometric quantum gates in combination with the microwave-driven fields arepowerful tools to achieve high-fidelity manipulation for the charge qubit.
Learning Sparse Rewarded Tasks from Sub-Optimal Demonstrations	2020	Model-free deep reinforcement learning (RL) has demonstrated its superiorityon many complex sequential decision-making problems. However, heavy dependenceon dense rewards and high sample-complexity impedes the wide adoption of thesemethods in real-world scenarios. On the other hand, imitation learning (IL)learns effectively in sparse-rewarded tasks by leveraging the existing expertdemonstrations. In practice, collecting a sufficient amount of expertdemonstrations can be prohibitively expensive, and the quality ofdemonstrations typically limits the performance of the learning policy. In thiswork, we propose Self-Adaptive Imitation Learning (SAIL) that can achieve(near) optimal performance given only a limited number of sub-optimaldemonstrations for highly challenging sparse reward tasks. SAIL bridges theadvantages of IL and RL to reduce the sample complexity substantially, byeffectively exploiting sup-optimal demonstrations and efficiently exploring theenvironment to surpass the demonstrated performance. Extensive empiricalresults show that not only does SAIL significantly improve thesample-efficiency but also leads to much better final performance acrossdifferent continuous control tasks, comparing to the state-of-the-art.
Series Elastic Force Control for Soft Robotic Fluid Actuators	2020	"Fluid-based soft actuators are an attractive option for lightweight andhuman-safe robots. These actuators, combined with fluid pressure forcefeedback, are in principle a form of series-elastic actuation (SEA), in whichnearly all driving-point (e.g. motor/gearbox) friction can be eliminated.Fiber-elastomer soft actuators offer unique low-friction and low-hysteresismechanical properties which are particularly suited to force-control based oninternal pressure force feedback, rather than traditional external forcefeedback using force/tactile sensing, since discontinuous (Coulomb) endpointfriction is unobservable to internal fluid pressure. However, compensation ofendpoint smooth hysteresis through a model-based feedforward term is possible.We report on internal-pressure force feedback through a disturbance observer(DOB) and model-based feedforward compensation of endpoint friction andnonlinear hysteresis for a 2-DOF lightweight robotic gripper driven byrolling-diaphragm linear actuators coupled to direct-drive brushless motors,achieving an active low-frequency endpoint impedance range (""Z-width"") of 50dB."
Two-level systems in superconducting quantum devices due to trapped  quasiparticles	2020	A major issue for the implementation of large scale superconducting quantumcircuits is the interaction with interfacial two-level system defects (TLS)that leads to qubit relaxation and impedes qubit operation in certain frequencyranges that also drift in time. Another major challenge comes fromnon-equilibrium quasiparticles (QPs) that result in qubit dephasing andrelaxation. In this work we show that such QPs can also serve as a source ofTLS. Using spectral and temporal mapping of TLS-induced fluctuations infrequency tunable resonators, we identify a subset of the general TLSpopulation that are highly coherent TLS with a low reconfiguration temperature$\sim$ 300 mK, and a non-uniform density of states. These properties can beunderstood if these TLS are formed by QPs trapped in shallow subgap statesformed by spatial fluctutations of the superconducting order parameter$\Delta$. Magnetic field measurements of one such TLS reveals a link tosuperconductivity. Our results imply that trapped QPs can induce qubitrelaxation.
Empirical Perspectives on One-Shot Semi-supervised Learning	2020	One of the greatest obstacles in the adoption of deep neural networks for newapplications is that training the network typically requires a large number ofmanually labeled training samples. We empirically investigate the scenariowhere one has access to large amounts of unlabeled data but require labelingonly a single prototypical sample per class in order to train a deep network(i.e., one-shot semi-supervised learning). Specifically, we investigate therecent results reported in FixMatch for one-shot semi-supervised learning tounderstand the factors that affect and impede high accuracies and reliabilityfor one-shot semi-supervised learning of Cifar-10. For example, we discoverthat one barrier to one-shot semi-supervised learning for high-performanceimage classification is the unevenness of class accuracy during the training.These results point to solutions that might enable more widespread adoption ofone-shot semi-supervised training methods for new applications.
Controlling the microstructure and phase behavior of confined soft  colloids by active interaction switching	2020	We explore the microstructure and phase behavior of confined soft colloidswhich can actively switch their interactions at a predefined kinetic rate. Forthis, we employ a reaction-diffusion approach based on a reactive dynamicaldensity-functional theory (R-DDFT) and study the effect of a binary (two-state)switching of the size of colloids interacting with a Gaussian pair potential.The rate of switching interpolates between a near-equilibrium binary Gaussianmixture at low rates and an effective monodisperse liquid for large rates,hence strongly affecting the one-body density profiles, adsorption, andpressure at confining walls. Importantly, we demonstrate that sufficiently fastswitching impedes the phase separation of an (in equilibrium) unstable liquid,allowing the dynamic control of the degree of mixing/condensation and localmicro-structuring in a cellular confinement by tuning the switching rate.
Enabling Incremental Knowledge Transfer for Object Detection at the Edge	2020	Object detection using deep neural networks (DNNs) involves a huge amount ofcomputation which impedes its implementation on resource/energy-limiteduser-end devices. The reason for the success of DNNs is due to having knowledgeover all different domains of observed environments. However, we need a limitedknowledge of the observed environment at inference time which can be learnedusing a shallow neural network (SHNN). In this paper, a system-level design isproposed to improve the energy consumption of object detection on the user-enddevice. An SHNN is deployed on the user-end device to detect objects in theobserving environment. Also, a knowledge transfer mechanism is implemented toupdate the SHNN model using the DNN knowledge when there is a change in theobject domain. DNN knowledge can be obtained from a powerful edge deviceconnected to the user-end device through LAN or Wi-Fi. Experiments demonstratethat the energy consumption of the user-end device and the inference time canbe improved by 78% and 40% compared with running the deep model on the user-enddevice.
Revisiting the Edge of Chaos: Evolving Cellular Automata to Perform  Computations	1993	We present results from an experiment similar to one performed by Packard(1988), in which a genetic algorithm is used to evolve cellular automata (CA)to perform a particular computational task. Packard examined the frequency ofevolved CA rules as a function of Langton's lambda parameter (Langton, 1990),and interpreted the results of his experiment as giving evidence for thefollowing two hypotheses: (1) CA rules able to perform complex computations aremost likely to be found near ``critical'' lambda values, which have beenclaimed to correlate with a phase transition between ordered and chaoticbehavioral regimes for CA; (2) When CA rules are evolved to perform a complexcomputation, evolution will tend to select rules with lambda values close tothe critical values. Our experiment produced very different results, and wesuggest that the interpretation of the original results is not correct. We alsoreview and discuss issues related to lambda, dynamical-behavior classes, andcomputation in CA. The main constructive results of our study are identifyingthe emergence and competition of computational strategies and analyzing thecentral role of symmetries in an evolutionary system. In particular, wedemonstrate how symmetry breaking can impede the evolution toward highercomputational capability.
Global Properties of Multiple Merger Remnants	1995	Merger remnants of small groups of galaxies are contrasted with relics ofmergers of pairs of galaxies to determine which process produces objects thatbest compare to real ellipticals. In both cases, the progenitors consist ofself-gravitating disks, halos, and, sometimes, bulges. Pairs of galaxies mergefrom orbits that initially have zero--energy. The systems that produce multiplemerger remnants are dense, six--member groups in virial equilibrium with lowvelocity dispersions. Multiple and pair mergers produce remnants which differin both their spatial and kinematic properties. Multiple merger remnants havesmall triaxialities and are most likely to appear nearly round from mostviewing angles. They possess cores, with sizes of a few tenths of an effectiveradius, that are more extended than pair remnant cores, even when bulges areincluded in the progenitors. In multiple mergers, the spin of all components --halo, disk, and bulge -- increases and, while velocity dispersion dominates inthe central regions, $v_r/\sigma \approx 1$ outside an effective radius in someprojections. The angular momentum and minor axis vectors are aligned formultiple merger remnants. During merging of multiple progenitors, about half ofthe orbital angular momentum in each luminous component is converted intointernal rotation in that component. Material is prevented from accumulating inthe center of multiple merger remnants as efficiently as it does in pairmergers. In pair mergers that include gas, unrealistically steep surfacebrightness profiles have been produced in center of the remnants; in multiplemergers the formation of overdense nuclei may be impeded, thus allowing moresuccessful comparison with real elliptical galaxies.
Self-Consistent, Axisymmetric Two_Integral Models of Elliptical Galaxies  with embedded Nuclear Discs	1996	Recently, observations with the Hubble Space Telescope have revealed smallstellar discs embedded in the nuclei of a number of ellipticals and S0s. Inthis paper we construct two-integral axisymmetric models for such systems. Wecalculate the even part of the phase-space distribution function, and specifythe odd part by means of a simple parameterization. We investigate thephotometric as well as the kinematic signatures of nuclear discs, includingtheir velocity profiles (VPs), and study the influence of seeing convolution.The rotation curve of a nuclear disc gives an excellent measure of the centralmass-to-light ratio whenever the VPs clearly reveal the narrow, rapidlyrotating component associated with the nuclear disc. Steep cusps and seeingconvolution both result in central VPs that are dominated by the bulge light,and these VPs barely show the presence of the nuclear disc, impedingmeasurements of the central rotation velocities of the disc stars. However, ifa massive BH is present, the disc component of the VP can be seen in the wingof the bulge part, and measurements of its mean rotation provide a clearsignature of the presence of the BH. This signature is insensitive to theuncertainties in the velocity anisotropy, which often lead to ambiguity in theinterpretation of a central rise in velocity dispersion as due to a central BH.
Gravity-Modes in ZZ Ceti Stars: I.Quasiadiabatic Analysis of  Overstability	1998	We analyze the stability of g-modes in variable white dwarfs with hydrogenenvelopes. In these stars, the radiative layer contributes to mode dampingbecause its opacity decreases upon compression and the amplitude of theLagrangian pressure perturbation increases outward. The overlying convectiveenvelope is the seat of mode excitation because it acts as an insulatingblanket with respect to the perturbed flux that enters it from below. A crucialpoint is that the convective motions respond to the instantaneous pulsationalstate. Driving exceeds damping by as much as a factor of two provided$\omega\tau_c\geq 1$, where $\omega$ is the radian frequency of the mode and$\tau_c\approx 4\tau_{th}$ with $\tau_{th}$ being the thermal time constantevaluated at the base of the convective envelope. As a white dwarf cools, itsconvection zone deepens, and modes of lower frequency become overstable.However, the deeper convection zone impedes the passage of flux perturbationsfrom the base of the convection zone to the photosphere. Thus the photometricvariation of a mode with constant velocity amplitude decreases. These factorsaccount for the observed trend that longer period modes are found in coolerDAVs. The linear growth time, ranging from hours for the longest periodobserved modes ($P\approx 20$ minutes) to thousands of years for those ofshortest period ($P\approx 2 $ minutes), probably sets the time-scale forvariations of mode amplitude and phase. This is consistent with observationsshowing that longer period modes are more variable than shorter period ones.Our investigation confirms many results obtained by Brickhill in his pioneeringstudies of ZZ Cetis.
The obscured circumnuclear region of NGC 3079	1998	Images in the J, H and K bands and in the the v=1-0 S(1) line of H2 of thecentral region of the almost edge-on galaxy NGC 3079 reveal contributions fromdirect and scattered starlight, emission from hot dust and molecular gas, andextinction gradients. The central 100 pc suffers an extinction of 6 mag.Extremely red near-infrared colours require the presence of hot dust at about1000 K. Less reddened parts of the bulge require either a 20% J-bandcontribution from young stars in a stellar bar, or a 20-30% contribution fromscattered stellar light.  The nucleus is surrounded by a dense molecular disk of radius 300 pc.Emission from H2 and hot dust traces a cavity of radius 120 pc. In the centralfew hundred pc, HI spin temperatures must be less than 275 K and the CO-to_H2conversion factor is at most 5% of the standard Galactic value. This isconsistent with theoretical predictions for environments subjected todissociative shocks, where reformation of H2 is impeded by high dust graintemperatures. The overall molecular gas content of NGC 3079 is normal for alate-type galaxy.
Acceleration of Ultra High Energy Cosmic Rays	1999	Some general features of cosmic ray acceleration are summarized along withsome inferences that can be drawn concerning the origin of the UHE component.The UHE luminosity density is found to be similar to that derived for GeVcosmic rays and its slope suggests a distinct origin. Reports of clustering onsmall angular scale, if confirmed, would rule out most proposed source models.More generally, it is argued that the highest energy particles can only beaccelerated in sites that can induce an EMF ${\cal E}\go3\times10^{20}$ V andan associated power $L_{min} \go {\cal E}^2/Z\sim10^{39}$ W, where $Z$ is thecharacteristic, electrical impedance, typically $\lo100\Omega$. Shockacceleration, unipolar induction and magnetic flares are the three most potent,observed, acceleration mechanisms and radio jet termination shocks,$\gamma$-ray blast waves, dormant black holes in galactic nuclei and magnetarsare the least implausible, ``conventional'' manifestations of these mechanismsthat have been invoked to explain the UHE cosmic rays. Each of these modelspresents problems and deciding between these and ``exotic'' origins for UHEcosmic rays, including those involving new particles or defects will requireimproved statistical information on the energies, arrival times and directions,as should be provided by the Auger project.
Orbital instability and relaxation in stellar systems	1999	The orbits of stars in galaxies are generically chaotic: the chaotic behaviorarises in part from the intrinsically grainy nature of a potential that iscomposed of point masses. Even if the potential is assumed to be smooth,however, orbits in non-axisymmetric galaxies can be chaotic due to the presenceof central density cusps or black holes. The chaotic nature of orbits impliesthat perturbations will grow exponentially and this in turn is expected toresult in a diffusion in phase space. We show that the degree of orbitalevolution is not well predicted by the growth rate of infinitesimalperturbations, i.e. by the Liapunov exponent. A more useful criterion iswhether perturbations continue to grow exponentially until their scale is oforder the size of the system. We illustrate these ideas in a potentialconsisting of N fixed point masses. Liapunov exponents are large for all valuesof N, but orbits become increasingly regular in their behavior as N increases;the reason is that the exponential divergence saturates at smaller and smallerdistances as N is increased. The objects which impede diffusion are theinvariant tori. When there are few stable tori, an ensemble of chaotic orbitsevolves rapidly toward a nearly stationary state. This mixing process occurs ontimescales of a few crossing times in triaxial potentials containing massivecentral singularities, consistent with the rapid evolution observed in N-bodysimulations of galaxies with central black holes.
Phase space transport in cuspy triaxial potentials: Can they be used to  construct self-consistent equilibria?	2000	(Abridged) This paper studies chaotic orbit ensembles evolved in triaxialgeneralisations of the Dehnen potential which have been proposed to modelellipticals with a strong density cusp that manifest significant deviationsfrom axisymmetry. Allowance is made for a possible supermassive black hole, aswell as low amplitude friction, noise, and periodic driving which can mimicirregularities associated with discreteness effects and/or an externalenvironment. The degree of chaos is quantified by determining how (1) therelative number of chaotic orbits and (2) the size of the largest Lyapunovexponent depend on the steepness of the cusp and the black hole mass, and (3)the extent to which Arnold webs significantly impede phase space transport,both with and without perturbations. In the absence of irregularities, chaoticorbits tend to be extremely `sticky,' so that different pieces of the samechaotic orbit can behave very differently for 10000 dynamical times or longer,but even very low amplitude perturbations can prove efficient in erasing many-- albeit not all -- these differences. The implications thereof are discussedboth for the structure and evolution of real galaxies and for the possibilityof constructing approximate near-equilibrium models using Schwarzschild'smethod. Much of the observed qualitative behaviour can be reproduced with a toypotential given as the sum of an anisotropic harmonic oscillator and aspherical Plummer potential, which suggests that the results may be generic.
Chaos in cuspy triaxial galaxies with a supermassive black hole: a  simple toy model	2001	This paper summarises an investigation of chaos in a toy potential whichmimics much of the behaviour observed for the more realistic triaxialgeneralisations of the Dehnen potentials, which have been used to model cuspytriaxial galaxies both with and without a supermassive black hole. Thepotential is the sum of an anisotropic harmonic oscillator potential,  V_o=(1/2)*(a^{2}x^{2}+b^{2}y^{2}+c^{2}z^{2}), and a spherical Plummerpotential,  V_o=-M_{BH}/(r^{2}+e^{2})^{1/2} with r^{2}=x^{2}+y^{2}+z^{2}. Attentionfocuses on three issues related to the properties of ensembles of chaoticorbits which impact on chaotic mixing and the possibility of constructingself-consistent equilibria: (1) What fraction of the orbits are chaotic? (2)How sensitive are the chaotic orbits, i.e., how large are their largest (shorttime) Lyapunov exponents? (3) To what extent is the motion of chaotic orbitsimpeded by Arnold webs, i.e.,, how `sticky' are the chaotic orbits? Thesequestions are explored as functions of the axis ratio a:b:c, black hole massM_BH, softening length e, and energy E with the aims of understanding how themanifestations of chaos depend on the shape of the system and why the blackhole generates chaos. The simplicity of the model makes it amenable to aperturbative analysis. That it mimics the behaviour of more complicatedpotentials suggests that much of this behaviour should be generic.
How Cumbersome is a Tenth Order Polynomial?: The Case of Gravitational  Triple Lens Equation	2002	Three point mass gravitational lens equation is a two-dimensional vectorequation that can be embedded in a tenth order analytic polynomial equation ofone complex variable, and we can solve the one variable equation on the sourcetrajectories using recipies for Fortran or $C$ (portable for $C$++ or $C_{jj}$)in Numerical Recipes, or using packages such as Mathemetica, Matlab, etc. Thisready solvability renders fitting microlensing light curves including triplelenses a normal process, and such was done in a circumbinary planet fit forMACHO-97-BLG-41. Subsequently, there was a claim that converting the triplelens equation into the analytic equation was rather cumbersome, and theimpressionable judgement has caused an effect of mysterious impedance aroundthe perfectly tractable lens equation. There are judgements. Then, there isnature. We looked up for one of the quantities of highest precisionmeasurements: electron $g$-factor correction $a_e \equiv g/2-1$. The currentbest experimental values of $a_e$ agree to eight significant digits with thetheoretical value, and the theoretical calculation involves more than onethousand Feynman diagrams -- many orders of magnitude messier than the triplelens equation coefficients. We seem to have only choice to be compliant tonature and its appetite for elegant mess and precision numerics. In fact, thetriple lens equation coefficients take up less than a page to write out and arepresented here for users' convenience.
A median redshift of 2.4 for galaxies bright at submillimetre  wavelengths	2003	A significant fraction of the energy emitted in the early Universe came fromvery luminous galaxies that are largely hidden at optical wavelengths (becauseof interstellar dust grains); this energy now forms part of the cosmicbackground radiation at wavelengths near 1mm. These submillimetre (submm)galaxies were resolved from the background in 1997 but have been difficult toidentify and study due to the poor spatial resolution of submm instruments.This has impeded the determination of their distances (or redshifts, z), acrucial element in understanding their nature and evolution. Here we reportspectroscopic redshifts for ten representative submm galaxies that weidentified reliably using high resolution radio observations. The medianredshift for our sample is 2.4, with a quartile range of z = 1.9-2.8. The submmpopulation therefore coexists with the peak activity of quasars, which arethought to be massive black holes in the process of accreting matter,suggesting a close relationship between the growth of massive black holes andluminous dusty galaxies. The space density of submm galaxies at z>2 is about1000 times greater than that of similarly luminous galaxies in the present-dayUniverse, so they represent an important component of star formation at highredshifts.
Nonlinear Parker Instability with the Effect of Cosmic-Ray Diffusion	2004	We present the results of linear analysis and two-dimensional localmagnetohydrodynamic (MHD) simulations of the Parker instability, including theeffects of cosmic rays (CRs), in magnetized gas disks (galactic disks). As anunperturbed state for both the linear analysis and the MHD simulations, weadopted an equilibrium model of a magnetized two-temperature layered disk withconstant gravitational acceleration parallel to the normal of the disk. Thedisk comprises a thermal gas, cosmic rays and a magnetic field perpendicular tothe gravitational accelerartion. Cosmic ray diffusion along the magnetic fieldis considered; cross field-line diffusion is supposed to be small and isignored. We investigated two cases in our simulations. In the mechanicalperturbation case we add a velocity perturbation parallel to the magnetic fieldlines, while in the explosional perturbation case we add cosmic ray energy intoa sphere where the cosmic rays are injected. Linear analysis shows that thegrowth rate of the Parker instability becomes smaller if the coupling betweenthe CR and the gas is stronger (i.e., the CR diffusion coefficient is smaller).Our MHD simulations of the mechanical perturbation confirm this result. We showthat the falling matter is impeded by the CR pressure gradient, this causes adecrease in the growth rate. In the explosional perturbation case, the growthof the magnetic loop is faster when the coupling is stronger in the earlystage. However, in the later stage the behavior of the growth rate becomessimilar to the mechanical perturbation case.
The giant H-alpha/X-ray filament in the cluster of galaxies A1795	2005	The cluster of galaxies A1795 hosts a 46 kpc-long filament at its core, whichis clearly visible in the light of H-alpha and X-ray emission. We presentoptical slit spectroscopy and deeper Chandra X-ray data of the filament. Theoptical spectra reveal that the the bulk of the filament is quiescent (withsigma < 130 km/s), although considerable velocity structure is apparent aroundthe powerful radio source in the central cluster galaxy, where a directinteraction is occurring between the radio plasma and the surroundingintracluster medium. The filament contains a clump of UV/blue continuum halfwayalong its length, which we resolve into a chain of at least 5 distinct knotsusing archival HST images; the optical spectrum of this clump confirm it to bemostly comprised of O stars. It is well-removed from the central galaxy andradio source, and is most likely an example of a group of young star clusterscondensing directly from the cooling gas in the filament. The observed spatialoffset between these knots of star formation and the peak in the optical lineemission confirms that the massive star formation is most unlikely to beresponsible for the bulk of the observed emission-line luminosity in thefilament. Some other (as yet undetermined) source of energy is required topower and maintain the optical line-emission, yet it must not completely impedethe cooling of the X-ray gas within the filament to form the star clusters.
Resonant Cyclotron Scattering and Comptonization in Neutron Star  Magnetospheres	2005	Resonant cyclotron scattering of the surface radiation in the magnetospheresof neutron stars may considerably modify the emergent spectra and impedeefforts to constraint neutron star properties. Resonant cyclotron scattering bya non-relativistic warm plasma in an inhomogeneous magnetic field has a numberof unusual characteristics: (i) in the limit of high resonant optical depth,the cyclotron resonant layer is half opaque, in sharp contrast to the case ofnon-resonant scattering. (ii) The transmitted flux is on average Comptonup-scattered by ~ $1+ 2 beta_T$, where $\beta_T$ is the typical thermalvelocity in units of the velocity of light; the reflected flux has on averagethe initial frequency. (iii) For both the transmitted and reflected fluxes thedispersion of intensity decreases with increasing optical depth. (iv) Theemergent spectrum is appreciably non-Plankian while narrow spectral featuresproduced at the surface may be erased.  We derive semi-analytically modification of the surface Plankian emission dueto multiple scattering between the resonant layers and apply the model toanomalous X-ray pulsar 1E 1048.1--5937. Our simple model fits just as well asthe ``canonical'' magnetar spectra model of a blackbody plus power-law.
On the incidence of chemically peculiar stars in the Large Magellanic  cloud	2005	With the aim to corroborate the result of a search for chemically peculiarstars in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) we present measurements obtained fromCCD-imaging of two fields, one containing a young open cluster (NGC 1711).While for the latter field, including its surrounding we obtain a contributionof three percent of chemically peculiar stars detectable by Delta a photometry(i.e. the magnetic objects of this group), the second field yields about halfof this value in good accordance with the finding for NGC 1866 (Maitzen et al.,2001, A&A, 371, L5) the surrounding field of which has been found to exhibit avery low value of such stars - 0.3%. Thus we are faced with the fact, that ourincipient impression about a substantially lower appearance of magneticchemically peculiar stars in the LMC as compared to the Galaxy continues to bevalid. Most of the photometrically identified peculiar stars (from theirhistorical origin denominated Ap-stars) are located in the domain of the B-typestars. But this is a selection effect due to the limiting magnitude of ourobserving conditions impeding the observation of fainter main sequence stars.In addition to objects showing up as positive deviators in Delta a photometrywe also discuss nine stars which appear opposite the main line of normal stars,hence are negative deviators. For most of them the interpretation as emissionstars of B-type seems to be appropriate. The statistically relevant number ofobservations obtained so far in the LMC supports the view that the formation ofmagnetic peculiar stars has occurred there at a significantly lower rate.
Arp 116: Interacting System or Chance Alignment?	2006	"Using high spatial resolution Hubble Space Telescope/Advanced Camera forSurveys archival imaging observations of Arp 116, centred on the ellipticalgalaxy NGC 4649, we explore the novel technique of pixel-by-pixel analysis ofthe galaxy's colour-magnitude diagramme to search for any evidence of recentenhanced star formation due to the apparent tidal interaction with its spiralcompanion, NGC 4647. From a detailed analysis of the system's geometry, andbased on additional circumstantial evidence from extant multi-wavelengthobservations, we conclude that, while there may be grounds for thetidal-interaction assumption for this system, any interaction has thus far beenof insufficient strength to trigger an enhanced level of recent star formationin the elliptical component, although close inspection of our colour imagesshows a faint excess of bluer pixels (a ~0.20 mag bluer ""loop"") in theelliptical galaxy on the side of the spiral companion. Given that there appearsto be a moderate reservoir of available gas for ongoing star formation(although at low column density), this suggests that we are currentlywitnessing the onset of the tidal interaction between NGC 4647 and NGC 4649. Inaddition, the triggering of new star formation in NGC 4649 may be significantlyimpeded due to the much lower mass of the spiral component."
The g-mode Excitation in the Proto Neutron Star by the Standing  Accretion Shock Instability	2007	"The so-called ""acoustic revival mechanism"" of core-collapse supernovaproposed recently by the Arizona group is an interesting new possibility.Aiming to understand the elementary processes involved in the mechanism, wehave calculated the eigen frequencies and eigen functions for the g-modeoscillations of a non-rotating proto neutron star. The possible excitation ofthese modes by the standing accretion shock instability, or SASI, is discussedbased on these eigen functions. We have formulated the forced oscillations of$g$-modes by the external pressure perturbations exerted on the proto neutronstar surface. The driving pressure fluctuations have been adopted from ourprevious computations of the axisymmetric SASI in the non-linear regime. Wehave paid particular attention to low l modes, since these are the modes thatare dominant in SASI and that the Arizona group claimed played an importantrole in their acoustic revival scenario. Here l is the index of the sphericalharmonic functions, $Y_l^m$. Although the frequency spectrum of the non-linearSASI is broadened substantially by non-linear couplings, the typical frequencyis still much smaller than those of g-modes, the fact leading to a severeimpedance mismatch. As a result, the excitations of various $g$-modes arerather inefficient and the energy of the saturated g-modes is $\sim 10^{50}$ergor smaller, with the g_2-mode being the largest in our model. Here the g_2-modehas two radial nodes and is confined to the interior of the convection region.The energy transfer rate from the g-modes to out-going sound waves is estimatedfrom the growth of the g-modes and found to be $\sim 10^{51}$erg/s in the modelstudied in this paper."
Jet-cloud collisions in the jet of the Seyfert galaxy NGC3079	2007	We report the results from a six-year, multi-epoch very long baselineinterferomertry monitoring of the Seyfert galaxy NGC3079. We have observedNGC3079 during eight epochs between 1999 and 2005 predominantly at 5GHz, butcovering the frequency range of 1.7GHz to 22GHz. Using our data andobservations going back to 1985, we find that the separation of two of thethree visible nuclear radio components underwent two decelerations. At the timeof these decelerations, the flux density of one of the components increased byfactors of five and two, respectively. We interpret these events as a radio jetcomponent undergoing compression, possibly as a result of a collision with ISMmaterial. This interpretation strongly supports the existence of jetssurrounded by a clumpy medium of dense clouds within the first few parsecs fromthe central engine in NGC3079. Moreover, based on recently publishedsimulations of jet interactions with clumpy media, this scenario is able toexplain the nature of two additional regions of ageing synchrotron materialdetected at the lower frequencies as by-products of such interactions, and alsothe origin of the kpc-scale super bubble observed in NGC3079 as the result ofthe spread of the momentum of the jets impeded from propagating freely. Thegeneralization of this scenario provides an explanation why jets in Seyfertgalaxies are not able to propagate to scales of kpc as do jets in radio-loudAGN.
Funnels, Pathways and the Energy Landscape of Protein Folding: A  Synthesis	1994	The understanding, and even the description of protein folding is impeded bythe complexity of the process. Much of this complexity can be described andunderstood by taking a statistical approach to the energetics of proteinconformation, that is, to the energy landscape. The statistical energylandscape approach explains when and why unique behaviors, such as specificfolding pathways, occur in some proteins and more generally explains thedistinction between folding processes common to all sequences and thosepeculiar to individual sequences. This approach also gives new, quantitativeinsights into the interpretation of experiments and simulations of proteinfolding thermodynamics and kinetics. Specifically, the picture provides simpleexplanations for folding as a two-state first-order phase transition, for theorigin of metastable collapsed unfolded states and for the curved Arrheniusplots observed in both laboratory experiments and discrete lattice simulations.The relation of these quantitative ideas to folding pathways, touni-exponential {\em vs.} multi-exponential behavior in protein foldingexperiments and to the effect of mutations on folding is also discussed. Thesuccess of energy landscape ideas in protein structure prediction is alsodescribed. The use of the energy landscape approach for analyzing data isillustrated with a quantitative analysis of some recent simulations, and aqualitative analysis of experiments on the folding of three proteins. The workunifies several previously proposed ideas concerning the mechanism proteinfolding and delimits the regions of validity of these ideas under differentthermodynamic conditions.
Modelling the Nonlinear High-Frequency Response of a Short Josephson  Junction under Two-Frequency Irradiation	1999	"The nonlinear response of a short Josephson Junction (JJ), being irradiatedsimultaneously with two high-frequency signals, has been studied in theframework of the nonlinear Resistively-Shunted Junction (RSJ) Model. One of thesignals, hereafter referred to as ""probe signal"", has a small amplitude$I_{pr}<I_c$ ($I_c$ is the critical current of the JJ) and frequency $f_{pr}$,and is used to monitor the response of the junction to the other high-powersignal with amplitude $I_{pm}$ and frequency $f_{pm}$, hereafter referred to as""pump signal"". Varying the frequency ratio $f_{pm}/f_{pr}$ from 0.5 to 100, andthe current amplitude of the probe signal from 0.01 to 0.9 of $I_c$, we foundthat the dependence of the junction impedance at the frequency $f_{pr}$,$Z_s^{f_{pr}}$, versus $I_{pm}$ preserves its general features, independent of$f_{pm}/f_{pr}$ and $I_{pr}/I_c$ values. At the same time, some particularfeatures, like negative values of $Re(Z_s^{f_{pr}})$ and ""fine"" structure ofthe steps in $Z_s^{f_{pr}}(I_{pm})$ are observed for $f_{pm}/f_{pr}<1$ and forparticular values of $I_{pr}/I_c$. In general, the behavior of$Z_s^{f_{pr}}(I_{pm})$ is rather different from that predicted by the nonlinearRSJ model for a short JJ in the regime of single-frequency irradiation, whenone and the same signal plays the roles of the pump and the probe signalssimultaneously. Possible applications of the model are briefly discussed."
Near field and far field scattering of surface plasmon polaritons by  one-dimensional surface defects	1999	A rigorous formulation for the scattering of surface plasmon polaritons (SPP)from a one-dimensional surface defect of any shape that yields theelectromagnetic field in the vacuum half-space above the vacuum-metal interfaceis developed by the use of an impedance boundary condition. The electric andmagnetic near fields, the angular distribution of the far-field radiation intovacuum due to SPP-photon coupling, and the SPP reflection and transmissioncoefficients are calculated by numerically solving the k-space integralequation upon which the formulation is based. In particular, we considerGaussian-shaped defects and study the dependence of the above mentionedphysical quantities on their 1/e half-width a and height h. SPP reflection issignificant for narrow defects; maximum reflection (plasmon mirrors) isachieved for a~lambda/10. For increasing defect widths, protuberances andindentations behave differently. The former give rise to a monotonic increaseof radiation at the expense of SPP transmission for increasing defecthalf-width. Indentations exhibit a significant increase of radiation (decreaseof SPP transmission) for half-widths of the order of or smaller than thewavelength, but tend to total SPP transmission in an oscillatory manner uponfurther increasing the half-width. Light-emitters might thus be associated witheither wide indentations, or protuberances with widths that are of the order ofor smaller than the wavelength.
Reducing vortex density in superconductors using the ratchet effect	1999	A serious obstacle that impedes the application of low and high temperaturesuperconductor (SC) devices is the presence of trapped flux. Flux lines orvortices are induced by fields as small as the Earth's magnetic field. Oncepresent, vortices dissipate energy and generate internal noise, limiting theoperation of numerous superconducting devices. Methods used to overcome thisdifficulty include the pinning of vortices by the incorporation of impuritiesand defects, the construction of flux dams, slots and holes and magneticshields which block the penetration of new flux lines in the bulk of the SC orreduce the magnetic field in the immediate vicinity of the superconductingdevice. Naturally, the most desirable would be to remove the vortices from thebulk of the SC. There is no known phenomenon, however, that could form thebasis for such a process. Here we show that the application of an ac current toa SC that is patterned with an asymmetric pinning potential can induce vortexmotion whose direction is determined only by the asymmetry of the pattern. Themechanism responsible for this phenomenon is the so called ratchet effect, andits working principle applies to both low and high temperature SCs. As a firststep here we demonstrate that with an appropriate choice of the pinningpotential the ratchet effect can be used to remove vortices from lowtemperature SCs in the parameter range required for various applications.
Influence of defects on the critical behaviour at the \boldmath{105} K  structural phase transition of SrTiO$_3$: II. The sharp component	2000	The depth dependence of the crystallographic parameters mosaicity, latticeparameter variation and integrated reflectivity and of the critical scatteringabove the 105 K structural phase transition of SrTiO$_3$ have been studied infive different single crystals by means of high resolution triple-crystaldiffractometry using 100-120 keV synchrotron radiation. Depth-dependentimpedance measurements indicate that the presence of oxygen vacancies is notresponsible for the two-length scale phenomenon. It is found that the sharpcomponent occurs only in surface near regions of highly perfect single crystalsand is coupled to an exponential inrease of the crystallographic quantities.The second length scale is absent at a surface where the strain fields are ableto relax by a macroscopic bending of the lattice planes. The sharp component isalso strongly suppressed in crystals of relatively large mosaicity. Thecombination of long range strain fields in highly perfect samples and thevicinity of the surface seem to be necessary conditions for the observation ofthe sharp component. The critical exponents for the second length scale are insatisfying agreement with scaling laws if the intensity of the criticalscattering is assumed to be proportional to the square of the Lorentziansusceptibility and not, as usual in the current convention, to aLorentzian-squared susceptibility. The critical exponents of the broadcomponent are independent of the appearance of the sharp component.
Zero-point fluctuations in the ground state of a mesoscopic normal ring	2000	We investigate the persistent current of a ring with an in-line quantum dotcapacitively coupled to an external circuit. Of special interest is themagnitude of the persistent current as a function of the external impedance inthe zero temperature limit when the only fluctuations in the external circuitare zero-point fluctuations. These are time-dependent fluctuations whichpolarize the ring-dot structure and we discuss in detail the contribution ofdisplacement currents to the persistent current. We have earlier discussed anexact solution for the persistent current and its fluctuations based on a Betheansatz. In this work, we emphasize a physically more intuitive approach using aLangevin description of the external circuit. This approach is limited to weakcoupling between the ring and the external circuit. We show that the zerotemperature persistent current obtained in this approach is consistent with thepersistent current calculated from a Bethe ansatz solution. In the absence ofcoupling our system is a two level system consisting of the ground state andthe first excited state. In the presence of coupling we investigate theprojection of the actual state on the ground state and the first exited stateof the decoupled ring. With each of these projections we can associate a phasediffusion time. In the zero temperature limit we find that the phase diffusiontime of the excited state projection saturates, whereas the phase diffusiontime of the ground state projection diverges.
A microscopic mechanism for rejuvenation and memory effects in spin  glasses	2001	Aging in spin glasses (and in some other systems) reveals astonishing effectsof `rejuvenation and memory' upon temperature changes. In this paper, wepropose microscopic mechanisms (at the scale of spin-spin interactions) whichcan be at the origin of such phenomena. Firstly, we recall that, in afrustrated system, the effective average interaction between two spins may takedifferent values (possibly with opposite signs) at different temperatures. Wegive simple examples of such situations, which we compute exactly. Suchmechanisms can explain why new ordering processes (rejuvenation) seem to takeplace in spin glasses when the temperature is lowered. Secondly, we emphasizethe fact that inhomogeneous interactions do naturally lead to a widedistribution of relaxation times for thermally activated flips. `Memory spots'spontaneously appear, in the sense that the flipping time of some spin clustersbecomes extremely long when the temperature is decreased. Such memory spots arecapable of keeping the memory of previous ordering at a higher temperaturewhile new ordering processes occur at a lower temperature. After a qualitativediscussion of these mechanisms, we show in the numerical simulation of asimplified example that this may indeed work. Our conclusion is that certainchaos-like phenomena may show up spontaneously in any frustrated andinhomogeneous magnetic system, without impeding the occurrence of memoryeffects.
Multiwalled Carbon Nanotubes as Building Blocks in Nanoelectronics	2001	Molecular level components, like carbon multiwalled nanotubes (MWNT), showgreat potential for future nanoelectronics. At low frequencies, only theoutermost carbon layer determines the transport properties of the MWNT. Due tothe multiwalled structure and large capacitive interlayer coupling, also theinner layers contribute to the conduction at high frequencies. Consequently,the conduction properties of MWNTs are not very far from those of regularconductors with well-defined electrical characteristics. In our work we haveexperimentally utilized this fact in constructing various nanoelectroniccomponents out of MWNTs, such as single electron transistors (SET), lumpedresistors, and transmission lines. We present results on several nano- tubesamples, grown both using chemical vapor deposition as well as arc-dischargevaporization. Our results show that SET-electrometers with a noise level as lowas 6x10^{-6}e/\sqrt{Hz} (at 45 Hz) can be built using arc-discharge-growncarbon nanotubes. Moreover, short nanotubes with small contact areas are foundto work at 4.2 K with good gate modulation. Reactive ion etching on CVD tubesis employed to produce nearly Ohmic components with a resistance of 200 kOhmover a 2 micron section. At high frequencies, MWNTs work over micron distancesas special LC-transmission lines with high impedance, on the order of 5 kOhm.
Anomalous Nonlinear Microwave Response of Epitaxial YBa2Cu3O7-x Films on  MgO	2001	We have investigated the anomalous nonlinear microwave response of epitaxialelectron-beam coevaporated YBa2Cu3O7-x films on MgO. The power and temperaturedependent surface impedance and two-tone intermodulation distortion weremeasured in stripline resonators at several frequencies between 2.3 and 11.2GHz and at temperatures between 1.7 K and Tc. All of the eight films measuredto date show a decrease of the surface resistance Rs of up to one order ofmagnitude as the microwave current is increased up to approximately 1 mA for T< 20 K. The surface reactance Xs showed only a weak increase in the sameregion. The usual nonlinear increase of Rs and Xs was observed at high currentsin the 100-mA range. The minimum of Rs correlates with a pronounced plateau inthe third-order intermodulation signal. We have developed a phenomenologicaltwo-fluid model, incorporating a microwave current-dependent quasiparticlescattering rate g and normal fraction fn. The model contains only threeadjustable parameters. We find good agreement with the measured data forconstant fn and a current-dependent scattering rate g whose magnitude increasesalmost linearly with temperature and frequency. Obvious mechanisms leading tononlinear microwave response like Josephson coupling across grain boundaries,nonlocal or nonequilibrium effects cannot explain the data. The anomalies couldrather reflect the specific charge and spin ordering and transport phenomena inthe low-dimensional cuprate superconductors.
Temperature dependences of the surface resistance and the diamagnetic  shielding susceptibility at T_c-T<<T_c for high-T_c superconductors	2001	At T_c-T<<T_c(i.e., near T_c), in order to demonstrate the condudctionmechanism and temperature dependencies of the diamagnetic-shieldingsusceptibility and the penetration depth, we fabricated Ba_1_xBiO_3(BKBO) thinfilms and measured the energy gap by tunnel effect and shieldingsusceptibilities which are compared with those measureed for BKBO and YBCOsingle crystals. The shielding susceptibilities for BKBO and YBCO singlecrystals well-fit \chi(T)/\chi(0)=1-exp(-2\triangle(T)/k_BT), while that forthe BKBO film follows \chi(T)/\chi(0)=1-T/T_c) which may not be intrinsic. Theexponential decrease of the susceptibilities near T_c indicates that theconduction mechanism is hopping. The energy gaps are observed as2\triangle(0)=(3.5+-0.1)k_BT_c for the BKBO film by the tunnel effect,2\triangle(0)=(3.9+-0.1)k_BT_c for the BKBO single crystal, and2\triangle(0)=(8+-0.2)k_BT_c for the YBCO single crystal. Furthermore, formicrowave device applications of superconductors, at T_c-T<<T_c, the surfaceresistance R_s(T) is derived from the surface impedance at \omega\tau_(tr)<<1,where \sigma_s(0) and \sigma_n are the conductivities of the superconductingstate and the normal state, respectively, andf(T)=\chi(T)/\chi(0)=1-exp(-2\tringle(T)/k_BT).
Theory of Current Noise and Photon Noise in Quantum Cascade Lasers	2001	A comprehensive model for the photon number fluctuations and the currentnoise in quantum cascade lasers is presented. It is shown that the photonintensity noise in quantum cascade lasers exhibits little amplitude squeezingeven when noise in the drive current is suppressed below the shot noise value.This is in contrast to interband semiconductor diode lasers in which the laserintensity noise can be squeezed well below the shot noise limit by highimpedance suppression of fluctuations in the drive current. The theoreticalmodel presented in this paper self-consistently accounts for the suppression ofcurrent noise in electron transport in multiple quantum well structures due tovarious electronic correlations. The nature of these electronic correlations isdiscussed. Mechanisms responsible for the reduced photon number squeezing inintersubband lasers are elucidated. Scaling of the laser intensity noise andthe current noise with the number of cascaded gain stages is also described.Direct current modulation response of quantum cascade lasers is also studied,and it is shown that contrary to the predictions in the literature of terahertzmodulation bandwidth for these lasers, bandwidth of almost all quantum cascadelasers that have been reported in the literature is limited by the inversephoton lifetime inside the laser cavity to tens of gigahertz.
Role of Single Defects in Electronic Transport through Carbon Nanotube  Field-Effect Transistors	2002	"The influence of defects on electron transport in single-wall carbon nanotubefield effect transistors (CNFETs) is probed by combined scanning gatemicroscopy (SGM) and scanning impedance microscopy (SIM). SGM reveals alocalized field effect at discrete defects along the CNFET length. Thedepletion surface potential of individual defects is quantified from theSGM-imaged radius of the defect as a function of tip bias voltage. Thisprovides a measure of the Fermi level at the defect with zero tip voltage,which is as small as 20 meV for the strongest defects. The effect of defects ontransport is probed by SIM as a function of backgate and tip-gate voltage. Whenthe backgate voltage is set so the CNFET is ""on"" (conducting), SIM reveals auniform potential drop along its length, consistent with diffusive transport.In contrast, when the CNFET is ""off"", potential steps develop at the positionof depleted defects. Finally, high-resolution imaging of a second set of weakdefects is achieved in a new ""tip-gated"" SIM mode."
Engineering decoherence in Josephson persistent-current qubits	2002	We discuss the relaxation and dephasing rates that result from the controland the measurement setup itself in experiments on Josephson persistent-currentqubits. For control and measurement of the qubit state, the qubit isinductively coupled to electromagnetic circuitry. We show how this system canbe mapped on the spin-boson model, and how the spectral density of the bosonicbath can be derived from the electromagnetic impedance that is coupled to thequbit. Part of the electromagnetic environment is a measurement apparatus(DC-SQUID), that is permanently coupled to the single quantum system that isstudied. Since there is an obvious conflict between long coherence times and anefficient measurement scheme, the measurement process is analyzed in detail fordifferent measurement schemes. We show, that the coupling of the measurementapparatus to the qubit can be controlled in situ. Parameters that can berealized in experiments today are used for a quantitative evaluation, and it isshown that the relaxation and dephasing rates that are induced by themeasurement setup can be made low enough for a time-resolved study of thequantum dynamics of Josephson persistent-current qubits. Our results can begeneralized as engineering rules for the read-out of related qubit systems.
On the two principal curvatures as possible entropic barriers in a  mesoscopic nonequilibrium thermodynamics model of complex matter  agglomeration	2003	Matter agglomeration mesoscopic phenomena of irreversible type are welldescribed by nonequilibrium thermodynamics formalism. The description assumesthat the thermodynamic (internal) state variables are in local equilibrium, anduses the well known flux-force relations, with the Onsager coefficientsinvolved, ending eventually up at a local conservation law of Fokker-Plancktype. One of central problems arising when applying it to the matteragglomeration phenomena, quite generally termed nucleation-and-growth process,appears to be some physically accepted identification of entropic barriers, orfactors impeding growth. In this paper, we wish to propose certaingeometric-kinetic obstacles as serious candidates for the so-called entropicbarriers. Within the framework of the thermodynamic formalism offered they arealways associated with a suitable choice of a physical potential governing thesystem. It turns out that a certain choice of the potential of Coulomb (or,gravitational) type leads to emphasizing the role of the Gaussian curvaturewhile another choice in a form of the logaritmic physical potential resultsunavoidably in a pronounced role of the mean curvature. The whole reasoning hasbeen tested succesfully on a statistical-mechanical polycris- talline evolutionmodel introduced some years ago for physical-metalurgical purposes, andmodified for a use in biophysical soft-matter agglomerations.
Anomalous microwave conductivity coherence peak in c-axis MgB2 thin film	2003	The temperature dependence of the real part of the microwave complexconductivity at 17.9 GHz obtained from surface impedance measurements of twoc-axis oriented MgB2 thin films reveals a pronounced maximum at a temperaturearound 0.6 times the critical temperature. Calculations in the frame of atwo-band model based on Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer (BCS) theory suggest thatthis maximum corresponds to an anomalous coherence peak resembling the two-gapnature of MgB2. Our model assumes there is no interband impurity scattering anda weak interband pairing interaction, as suggested by bandstructurecalculations. In addition, the observation of a coherence peak indicates thatthe pi-band is in the dirty limit and dominates the total conductivity of ourfilms
Immittance Matching for Multi-dimensional Open-system Photonic Crystals	2003	An electromagnetic (EM) Bloch wave propagating in a photonic crystal (PC) ischaracterized by the immittance (impedance and admittance) of the wave. Theimmittance is used to investigate transmission and reflection at a surface oran interface of the PC. In particular, the general properties of immittance areuseful for clarifying the wave propagation characteristics. We give a generalproof that the immittance of EM Bloch waves on a plane in infinite one- andtwo-dimensional (2D) PCs is real when the plane is a reflection plane of the PCand the Bloch wavevector is perpendicular to the plane. We also show that thepure-real feature of immittance on a reflection plane for an infinitethree-dimensional PC is good approximation based on the numerical calculations.The analytical proof indicates that the method used for immittance matching isextremely simplified since only the real part of the immittance function isneeded for analysis without numerical verification. As an application of theproof, we describe a method based on immittance matching for qualitativelyevaluating the reflection at the surface of a semi-infinite 2D PC, at theinterface between a semi-infinite slab waveguide (WG) and a semi-infinite 2D PCline-defect WG, and at the interface between a semi-infinite channel WG and asemi-infinite 2D PC slab line-defect WG.
Microwave Response of Ceramic MgB2 Samples	2003	The microwave response of ceramic MgB2 has been investigated as a function oftemperature and external magnetic field by two different techniques: microwavesurface impedance and second-harmonic emission measurements. The measurementsof the surface resistance have shown that microwave losses in MgB2 are stronglyaffected by the magnetic field in the whole range of temperatures below Tc,even for relatively low field values. The results have been accounted for inthe framework of the Coffey and Clem model hypothesizing that in differenttemperature ranges the microwave current induces fluxons to move in differentregimes. In particular, the results at temperatures close to Tc have beenquantitatively justified by assuming that fluxons move in the flux-flow regimeand taking into account the anisotropy of the upper critical field. At lowtemperatures, the field dependence of the surface resistance follows the lawexpected in the pinning limit; however, an unusually enhanced field variationhas been detected, which could be due to the peculiar fluxon structure of MgB2,related to the presence of the two gaps. The measurements of thesecond-harmonic signals have highlighted several mechanisms responsible for thenonlinear response. At low magnetic fields and low temperatures, the nonlinearresponse is due to processes involving weak links. At temperatures close to Tc,a further contribution to the harmonic emission is present; it arises from themodulation of the order parameter by the microwave field and gives rise to apeak in the temperature dependence of the harmonic-signal intensity.
Pseudogap in the microwave response of YBa_2Cu_3O_{7-x}	2003	The in-plane and out-of-plane surface impedance and microwave conductivitycomponents of one and the same YBa_2Cu_3O_{7-x} (0.07\le x\le 0.47) singlecrystal are determined in the wide ranges of temperature T and carrierconcentration p in CuO_2 planes. The following features of the superfluiddensity n_s(T,p)\propto\lambda_{ab}^{-2}(T,p) are observed at T<Tc/2 and0.078\le p\le 0.16: (i) n_s(0,p) depends linearly on p, (ii) the derivative|dn_s(T,p)/dT|_{T\to 0} depends on p slightly in the optimally and moderatelydoped regions (0.10<p\le 0.16); however, it rapidly increases with p furtherlowering and (iii) the latter finding is accompanied by the linearlow-temperature dependence \Delta n_s(T)\propto(-T) changing to \Deltan_s(T)\propto(-\sqrt{T}). For optimum oxygen content the temperature dependenceof the normalized imaginary part of the c-axis conductivity\lambda_c^2(0)/\lambda_c^2(T) is found to be strikingly similar to that of\lambda_{ab}^2(0)/\lambda_{ab}^2(T) and becomes more convex with p lowering.\lambda_c^{-2}(0,p) values are roughly proportional to the normal stateconductivities \sigma_c(T_c,p) along the c-axis. All these properties can betreated in the framework of d-density wave order of pseudogap.
Cavity QED in superconducting circuits: susceptibility at elevated  temperatures	2004	We study the properties of superconducting electrical circuits, realizingcavity QED. In particular we explore the limit of strong coupling, lowdissipation, and elevated temperatures relevant for current and futureexperiments. We concentrate on the cavity susceptibility as it can be directlyexperimentally addressed, i.e., as the impedance or the reflection coefficientof the cavity. To this end we investigate the dissipative Jaynes-Cummings modelin the strong coupling regime at high temperatures. The dynamics isinvestigated within the Bloch-Redfield formalism. At low temperatures, whenonly the few lowest levels are occupied the susceptibility can be presented asa sum of contributions from independent level-to-level transitions. Thiscorresponds to the secular (random phase) approximation in the Bloch-Redfieldformalism. At temperatures comparable to and higher than the oscillatorfrequency, many transitions become important and a multiple-peak structureappears. We show that in this regime the secular approximation breaks down, assoon as the peaks start to overlap. In other words, the susceptibility is nolonger a sum of contributions from independent transitions. We treat thedynamics of the system numerically by exact diagonalization of the Hamiltonianof the qubit plus up to 200 states of the oscillator. We compare the resultsobtained with and without the secular approximation and find a qualitativediscrepancy already at moderate temperatures.
Applications of nonequilibrium Kubo formula to the detection of quantum  noise	2004	The Kubo fluctuation-dissipation theorem relates the current fluctuations ofa system in an equilibrium state with the linear AC-conductance. This theoremholds also out of equilibrium provided that the system is in a stationary stateand that the linear conductance is replaced by the (dynamic) conductance withrespect to the non equilibrium state. We provide a simple proof for thatstatement and then apply it in two cases. We first show that in an excess noisemeasurement at zero temperature, in which the impedance matching is maintainedwhile driving a mesoscopic sample out of equilibrium, it is the nonsymmetrizednoise power spectrum which is measured, even if the bare measurement, i.e.without extracting the excess part of the noise, obtains the symmetrized noise.As a second application we derive a commutation relation for the two componentsof fermionic or bosonic currents which holds in every stationary state andwhich is a generalization of the one valid only for bosonic currents. As isusually the case, such a commutation relation can be used e.g. to deriveHeisenberg uncertainty relationships among these current components.
Dopants adsorbed as single atoms prevent degradation of catalysts	2004	The design of catalysts with desired chemical and thermal properties isviewed as a grand challenge for scientists and engineers. For operation at hightemperatures, stability against structural transformations is a keyrequirement. Although doping has been found to impede degradation, the lack ofatomistic understanding of the pertinent mechanism has hindered optimization.For example, porous gamma-Al2O3, a widely used catalyst and catalytic support,transforms to non-porous alpha-Al2O3 at ~1,100C. Doping with La raises thetransformation temperature to ~1,250C, but it has not been possible toestablish if La atoms enter the bulk, adsorb on surfaces as single atoms orclusters, or form surface compounds. Here, we use direct imaging byaberration-corrected Z-contrast scanning transmission electron microscopycoupled with extended X-ray absorption fine structure and first-principlescalculations to demonstrate that, contrary to expectations, stabilization isachieved by isolated La atoms adsorbed on the surface. Strong binding andmutual repulsion of La atoms effectively pin the surface and inhibit bothsintering and the transformation to alpha-Al2O3. The results provide the firstguidelines for the choice of dopants to prevent thermal degradation ofcatalysts and other porous materials.
Ferromagnetic Resonance in selected nanostructural materials designed  for technological applications	2005	During the past ten years nanostructures have been subject of activeresearch. Fabrication of such systems follows well developed methods. Theincrease in the number of materials available for research and applicationsrequires that the methods of their characterization be even more precise thenbefore. Thin film structures have many advantages for technologicalapplications because of compatibility with integrated circuit design. Themagnetoimpedance, MI (change of impedance of a ferromagnet on application of afield) in 3-layered structures consisting of two magnetic layers separated by anon-magnetic conductive layer has been predicted to show high MI. In many casesthe experimental values of MI effect are smaller than the theoreticalpredictions. Therefore, more careful characterization of the samples is a must.Accordingly, the first part of the present research deals with a ferromagneticresonance, FMR, study of thin films and multilayers containing Fe20Ni80 layerednanocomponents. The second system proposed for ferromagnetic resonance studyconsists of Co/GdCo multilayers prepared by rf-sputtering. It was chosen as amodel system both for convenience and in view of possible applications. Thethird group of magnetic materials for FMR characterization consists of powders:commercial polystyrene beads (Dynabeads-480) and CoNi powders with nanoscaleparticle dimensions. These particles have many biomedical applications. FMR andmicrowave absorption in micron size powders have been studied previously. Morerecently new methods of small particle fabrication have been developed.Therefore their characterization by microwave methods is highly desirable.
Charge transport through image charged stabilized states in a single  molecule single electron transistor device	2005	The present paper gives an elaborate theoretical description of a newmolecular charge transport mechanism applying to a single molecule trappedbetween two macroscopic electrodes in a solid state device. It is shown by aHubbard type model of the electronic and electrostatic interactions, that theclose proximity of metal electrodes may allow electrons to tunnel from theelectrode directly into a very localized image charge stabilized states on themolecule. Due to this mechanism, an exceptionally large number of redox statesmay be visited within an energy scale which would normally not allow themolecular HOMO-LUMO gap to be transversed. With a reasonable set of parameters,a good fit to recent experimental values may be obtained. The theoretical modelis furthermore used to search for the physical boundaries of this effect, andit is found that a rather narrow geometrical space is available for the newmechanism to be effective: In the specific case of oligophenylenevinylenemolecules recently explored in such devices several atoms in the terminalbenzene rings need to be at van der Waal's distance to the electrode in orderfor the mechanism to be effective. The model predicts, that chemisorption ofthe terminal benzene rings too gold electrodes will impede the image chargeeffect very significantly because the molecule is pushed away from theelectrode by the covalent thiol-gold bond.
Magnetic Vortex Resonance in Patterned Ferromagnetic Dots	2005	We report a high-resolution experimental detection of the resonant behaviorof magnetic vortices confined in small disk-shaped ferromagnetic dots. Thesamples are magnetically soft Fe-Ni disks of diameter 1.1 and 2.2 um, andthickness 20 and 40 nm patterned via electron beam lithography onto microwaveco-planar waveguides. The vortex excitation spectra were probed by a vectornetwork analyzer operating in reflection mode, which records the derivative ofthe real and the imaginary impedance as a function of frequency. The spectrashow well-defined resonance peaks in magnetic fields smaller than thecharacteristic vortex annihilation field. Resonances at 162 and 272 MHz weredetected for 2.2 and 1.1 um disks with thickness 40 nm, respectively. Aresonance peak at 83 MHz was detected for 20-nm thick, 2-um diameter disks. Theresonance frequencies exhibit weak field dependence, and scale as a function ofthe dot geometrical aspect ratio. The measured frequencies are well describedby micromagnetic and analytical calculations that rely only on known propertiesof the dots (such as the dot diameter, thickness, saturation magnetization, andexchange stiffness constant) without any adjustable parameters. We find thatthe observed resonance originates from the translational motion of the magneticvortex core.
Effective gap at microwave frequencies in MgB2 thin films with strong  interband scattering	2005	The microwave properties of polycrystalline MgB2 thin films prepared by theso-called in-situ method are investigated. The characterization of the films atmicrowave frequencies was obtained by a coplanar resonator technique. Theanalysis of the experimental data results in the determination of penetrationdepth, surface impedance and complex conductivity. The aim of this work is toset the experimental results in a consistent framework, involving the two-bandmodel in the presence of impurity scattering. The energy gaps are calculatedand the contribution of intra- and inter-band scattering is considered. Fromthe comparison between the calculated gap values and the experimental data itturns out that the temperature dependence of the penetration depth can beaccounted for by an effective mean energy gap, in agreement with thepredictions of Kogan et al. [Phys. Rev. B 69, 132506 (2004)]. On the otherhand, the temperature dependence of the real part of the microwave conductivityand of the surface resistance is accounted for by the single smaller gap, inagreement with the work of Jin et al. [Phys. Rev. Lett. 91, 127006 (2003)].Since these findings rely on the same calculated gap structure, the requiredconsistency is fulfilled.
Electrical transport measurements in the superconducting state of Bi2212  and Tl2201	2005	Precise measurements of the in-plane microwave surface impedance ofhigh-quality single crystals of Bi2212 and Tl2201 are used to probe therelaxation time of nodal quasiparticles in the d-wave superconducting statethrough a two-fluid analysis of the microwave conductivity. While this analysisrequires us to posit a form for the frequency-dependent quasiparticleconductivity, we clearly demonstrate that the extraction of the relaxation rateis quite insensitive to the assumed shape of the quasiparticle spectrum. Therobustness of the analysis is rooted in the oscillator-strength sum rule andthe fact that we simultaneously measure the real and imaginary parts of theconductivity. In both Bi2212 and Tl2201 we infer a linear temperaturedependence of the transport relaxation rate 1/tau and a small but finitezero-temperature intercept. The linear temperature dependence of 1/tau is inaccord with expectations for weak elastic scattering in an unconventionalsuperconductor with line nodes and a small residual density of states. The sameanalysis reveals an onset of inelastic scattering at higher temperaturessimilar to that seen in the YBCO superconductors. Finally we extrapolate thetwo-fluid model over a range of frequencies up to five times the measurementfrequency, where the extrapolation predicts behaviour that is qualitativelysimilar to terahertz conductivity data on Bi2212 thin films. While relaxationrates in Bi2212 and Tl2201 are substantially higher than in YBCO there arequalitative similarities between all three materials, and the differences canlikely be attributed to varying levels of static disorder. We thereforeconclude that a universal picture of quasiparticle scattering in the cupratesis emerging.
AC Conductivity in Boron Doped Amorphous Conducting Carbon Films on the  Insulating Side of MI Transition	2005	Boron doped amorphous conducting carbon films show MI transition induced bydoping. In this paper we discuss the ac conductivity of the films, which lie onthe insulating side of MI transition. The ac conductivity data is analyzed as afunction of frequency as well as temperature for both real as well as imaginarypart of the conductivity data. The ac conductivity of these samples showsenhanced interaction effect at low temperature. The conduction mechanism athigh frequency and at low temperature is due to the tunneling mechanism. Atintermediate temperatures and at moderate frequencies, the conductivity data isin good agreement with extended pair approximation modified for interactioneffect. At high temperature and at low frequencies, the mechanism of acconductivity is similar to that of dc conduction. The conductivity data for theinsulating samples near the boundary of MI transition were analyzed using an RCelement model. While fitting the impedance data, a new type of constant phaseelement (inductive instead of capacitive) was found to be appropriate. Atpresent the origin of this inductive CPE is not is clear but we believe itsorigin is in the electron-electron interaction, which makes any attempt ofapplied frequency a slower response. Our ac conductivity results are wellexplained by tunneling models rather than hopping models.
Local molecular field theory for effective attractions between like  charged objects in systems with strong Coulomb interactions	2006	Strong short ranged positional correlations involving counterions can inducea net attractive force between negatively charged strands of DNA, and lead tothe formation of ion pairs in dilute ionic solutions. But the long range of theCoulomb interactions impedes the development of a simple local picture. Weaddress this general problem by mapping the properties of a nonuniform systemwith Coulomb interactions onto those of a simpler system with short rangedintermolecular interactions in an effective external field that accounts forthe averaged effects of appropriately chosen long ranged and slowly varyingcomponents of the Coulomb interactions. The remaining short ranged componentscombine with the other molecular core interactions and strongly affect paircorrelations in dense or strongly coupled systems. We show that paircorrelation functions in the effective short ranged system closely resemblethose in the uniform primitive model of ionic solutions, and illustrate theformation of ion pairs and clusters at low densities. The theory accuratelydescribes detailed features of the effective attraction between two equallycharged walls at strong coupling and intermediate separations of the walls. Newanalytical results for the minimal coupling strength needed to get anyattraction and for the separation where the attractive force is a maximum arepresented.
Delay times and detector times for optical pulses traversing plasmas and  negative refractive media	2006	We show that arrival times for electromagnetic pulses measured through therate of absorption in an ideal impedance matched detector are equivalent to thearrival times using the average flow of optical energy as proposed by Peatross{\it et al.} [ Phys. Rev. Lett. {\bf 84}, 2370 (2000)]. We then investigate thetransport of optical pulses through dispersive media with negative dielectricpermittivity and negative refractive index choosing the geometry such that noresonant effects come into play. For evanescent waves, the definitions of thegroup delay and the reshaping delay get interchanged in comparison topropagating waves. The total delay times for the evanescent waves can benegative in an infinite plasma medium even for broad-band pulses. The totaltime is, however, positive for broad band pulses in the presence of aninterface when the radiation is detected outside the plasma. We find evidenceof the Hartman effect for pulses when the distance traversed in the plasma ismuch smaller than the free space pulse length. We also show that for a negativerefractive index medium(NRM) with $\epsilon(\omega)$ = $\mu(\omega)$ thereshaping delay for propagating waves is identically zero. The total delay timein NRM is otherwise dominated by the reshaping delay time, and for broad bandpulses in NRM the total delay time is subluminal.
Experimental Test of Universal Conductance Fluctuations by means of  Wave-Chaotic Microwave Cavities	2006	The mathematical equivalence of the time-independent Schrodinger equation andthe Helmholtz equation is exploited to provide a novel means of studyinguniversal conductance fluctuations in ballistic chaotic mesoscopic systemsusing a two-dimensional microwave-cavity. The classically chaotic raytrajectories within a suitably-shaped microwave cavity play a role analogous tothat of the chaotic dynamics of non-interacting electron transport through aballistic quantum dot in the absence of thermal fluctuations. The microwavecavity is coupled through two single-mode ports and the effect of non-idealcoupling between the ports and cavity is removed by a previously developedmethod based on the measured radiation impedance matrix. The Landauer-Buttikerformalism is applied to obtain the conductance of a corresponding mesoscopicquantum-dot device. We find good agreement for the probability densityfunctions (PDFs) of the experimentally derived surrogate conductance, as wellas its mean and variance, with the theoretical predictions of Brouwer andBeenakker. We also observe a linear relation between the quantum dephasingparameter and the cavity ohmic loss parameter.
Nonlinear elastic and electronic properties of Mo_6S_3I_6 nanowires	2006	The properties of Mo_6S_3I_6 nanowires were investigated with ab initiocalculations based on the density-functional theory. The molecules build weaklycoupled one-dimensional chains with three sulfur atoms in the bridging planesbetween the Mo octahedra, each dressed with six iodines. Upon uniaxial strainalong the wires, each bridging plane shows two energy minima, one in the groundstate with the calculated Young modulus Y=82 GPa, and one in the stretchedstate with Y=94 GPa. Both values are at least four times smaller than theexperimental values and the origin of the discrepancy remains a puzzle. Theideal tensile strength is about 8.4 GPa, the chains break in the Mo-Mo bondswithin the octahedra and not in the S bridges. The charge-carrier conductivityis strongly anisotropic and the Mo_6S_3I_6 nanowires behave asquasi-one-dimensional conductors in the whole range of investigated strains.The conductivity is extremely sensitive to strain, making this material verysuitable for stain gauges. Very clean nanowires with good contacts may beexpected to behave as ballistic quantum wires over lengths of several $\mu $m.On the other hand, with high-impedance contacts they are good candidates forthe observation of Luttinger liquid behaviour. The pronounced 1D nature of theMo_6S_3I_6 nanowires makes them a uniquely versatile and user-friendly systemfor the investigation of 1D physics.
Demagnetization via Nucleation of the Nonequilibrium Metastable Phase in  a Model of Disorder	2006	"We study both analytically and numerically metastability and nucleation in atwo-dimensional nonequilibrium Ising ferromagnet. Canonical equilibrium isdynamically impeded by a weak random perturbation which models homogeneousdisorder of undetermined source. We present a simple theoretical description,in perfect agreement with Monte Carlo simulations, assuming that the decay ofthe nonequilibrium metastable state is due, as in equilibrium, to thecompetition between the surface and the bulk. This suggests one to accept anonequilibrium ""free-energy"" at a mesoscopic/cluster level, and it ensues anonequilibrium ""surface tension"" with some peculiar low-T behavior. Weillustrate the occurrence of intriguing nonequilibrium phenomena, including:(i) Noise-enhanced stabilization of nonequilibrium metastable states; (ii)reentrance of the limit of metastability under strong nonequilibriumconditions; and (iii) resonant propagation of domain walls. The cooperativebehavior of our system may also be understood in terms of a Langevin equationwith additive and multiplicative noises. We also studied metastability in thecase of open boundaries as it may correspond to a magnetic nanoparticle. Wethen observe burst-like relaxation at low T, triggered by the additionalsurface randomness, with scale-free avalanches which closely resemble the typeof relaxation reported for many complex systems. We show that this results fromthe superposition of many demagnetization events, each with a well- definedscale which is determined by the curvature of the domain wall at which itoriginates. This is an example of (apparent) scale invariance in anonequilibrium setting which is not to be associated with any familiar kind ofcriticality."
BBO and the Neutron-Star-Binary Subtraction Problem	2005	"The Big Bang Observer (BBO) is a proposed space-based gravitational-wave (GW)mission designed primarily to search for an inflation-generated GW backgroundin the frequency range 0.1-1 Hz. The major astrophysical foreground in thisrange is gravitational radiation from inspiraling compact binaries. Thisforeground is expected to be much larger than the inflation-generatedbackground, so to accomplish its main goal, BBO must be sensitive enough toidentify and subtract out practically all such binaries in the observableuniverse. It is somewhat subtle to decide whether BBO's current baseline designis sufficiently sensitive for this task, since, at least initially, thedominant noise source impeding identification of any one binary is confusionnoise from all the others. Here we present a self-consistent scheme fordeciding whether BBO's baseline design is indeed adequate for subtracting outthe binary foreground. We conclude that the current baseline should besufficient. However if BBO's instrumental sensitivity were degraded by a factor2-4, it could no longer perform its main mission. It is impossible to perfectlysubtract out each of the binary inspiral waveforms, so an important question ishow to deal with the ""residual"" errors in the post-subtraction data stream. Wesketch a strategy of ""projecting out"" these residual errors, at the cost ofsome effective bandwidth. We also provide estimates of the sizes of variouspost-Newtonian effects in the inspiral waveforms that must be accounted for inthe BBO analysis."
Topological discrete kinks	1998	A spatially discrete version of the general kink-bearing nonlinearKlein-Gordon model in (1+1) dimensions is constructed which preserves thetopological lower bound on kink energy. It is proved that, provided the latticespacing h is sufficiently small, there exist static kink solutions attainingthis lower bound centred anywhere relative to the spatial lattice. Hence thereis no Peierls-Nabarro barrier impeding the propagation of kinks in thisdiscrete system. An upper bound on h is derived and given a physicalinterpretation in terms of the radiation of the system. The construction, whichworks most naturally when the nonlinear Klein-Gordon model has a squaredpolynomial interaction potential, is applied to a recently proposed continuummodel of polymer twistons. Numerical simulations are presented whichdemonstrate that kink pinning is eliminated, and radiative kink decelerationgreatly reduced in comparison with the conventional discrete system. So even ona very coarse lattice, kinks behave much as they do in the continuum. It isargued, therefore, that the construction provides a natural means ofnumerically simulating kink dynamics in nonlinear Klein-Gordon models of thistype. The construction is compared with the inverse method of Flach, Zolotaryukand Kladko. Using the latter method, alternative spatial discretizations of thetwiston and sine-Gordon models are obtained which are also free of thePeierls-Nabarro barrier.
Four explicit formulas for the prolongations of an infinitesimal Lie  symmetry and multivariate Faa di Bruno formulas	2004	In 1979, building on S. Lie's theory of symmetries of (partial) differrentialequations, P.J. Olver formulated inductive formulas which are appropriate forthe computation of the prolongations of an infinitesimal Lie symmetry to jetspaces, for an arbitrary number n\geq 1 of independent variables (x^1, ...,x^n) and for an arbitrary number m \geq 1 of dependent variables (y^1, ...,y^m). This paper is devoted to elaborate a formalism based on multipleKronecker symbols which enables one to handle these ``unmanageable''prolongations and to discover the underlying complicated combinatorics.Proceeding progressively, we write down closed explicit formulas in four cases:n=m=1; n\geq 1, m=1; n=1, m\geq 1; general case n\geq 1, m\geq 1. As a subpartof the obtained formulas, we recover four possible versions of the(multivariate) Fa\`a di Bruno formula. We do not employ the classical formalismbased on the symmetric algebra ({\it cf.} e.g. H. Federer's book, p. 222),because it hides several explicit sums in symbolic compactifications, andbecause the presence of supplementary complexities ({\it e.g.} splitting ofindices, combinatorics of partial derivatives) impedes us to apply suchcompactifications coherently. Our method of exposition is inductive: we conductour reasonings by analyzing several thoroughly organized formulas, by comparingthem together and by ``drifting'' towards generality, in homology with theclassical style of L. Euler.
Lock-in detection using a cryogenic low noise looped current  preamplifier for the readout of resistive bolometers	1999	We implemented a low noise current preamplifier for the readout of resistivebolometers. We tested the apparatus on thermometer resistances ranging from 10Ohm to 500 Mohm. The use of current preamplifier overcomes constraintsintroduced by the readout time constant due to the thermometer resistance andthe input capacitance. Using cold JFETs, this preamplifier board is shown tohave very low noise: the Johnson noise of the source resistor (1 fA/Hz1/2)dominated in our noise measurements. We also implemented a lock-in chain usingthis preamplifier. Because of fast risetime, compensation of the phase shiftmay be unnecessary. If implemented, no tuning is necessary when the sensorimpedance changes. Transients are very short, and thus low-passing or samplingof the signal is simplified. In case of spurious noise, the modulationfrequency can be chosen in a much wider frequency range, without requiring anew calibration of the apparatus.
RF Cavities For The Muon and Neutrino Factory Collaboration Study	2000	A multi-laboratory collaboration is studying the feasibility of building amuon collider, the first phase of which maybe a neutrino factory. The phasespace occupied by the muons is very large and needs to be cooled several ordersof magnitude for either machine, 100,000 to 1 million for the collider and tento 100 for the factory. Ionization cooling is the base line method for muoncooling. This scheme uses hydrogen absorbers and rf re-acceleration in a longseries of magnetic focusing channels to cool the muons. At Fermilab two rfcavity types are under study to provide the required cooling rfre-acceleration, a 805 MHz high gradient cavity for the collider and a 201 MHzhigh gradient cavity for the neutrino factory. The 805 MHz cavity currentlyunder going cold testing is a non-periodic pi-mode cavity with the irisopenings shaped to follow the contour of the beam. The 201 MHz cavity useshollow thin metal tubes over the beam aperture to terminate the field in apill-box type mode to increase its shunt impedance. This is possible becausemuons have little interactions with thin metal membranes. Details of thesecavities and cold measurement data will be presented.
The DARHT Phase 2 Linac	2000	"The second phase accelerator for the Dual Axis Hydrodynamic Test facility(DARHT) is designed to provide an electron beam pulse that is 2 microsec long,2kA, and 20 MeV in particle energy. The injector provides 3.2 MeV so that thelinac need only provide 16.8 MeV. The linac is made with two types of inductionaccelerator cells. The first block of 8 cells have a 14 in. beam pipe comparedto 10 in. in the remaining 80 cells. The other principal difference is that thefirst 8 cells have reduced volt-sec in their induction cores as a result of alarger diameter beam pipe. The cells are designed for very reliable highvoltage operation. The insulator is Mycalex. Results from prototype tests aregiven including results from solenoid measurements. Each cell contains asolenoid for beam transport and a set of x-y correction coils to reducecorkscrew motion. Details of tests to determine RF mode impedances relevant toBBU generation are given. Blocks of cells are separated by ""intercells"" some ofwhich contain transport solenoids. The intercells provide vacuum pumpingstations as well. Issues of alignment and installation are discussed."
The Linear Momentum as a Tensor Function	2003	At present, whenever we work in newtonian mechanics we consider momentum tobe a three-dimensional vector or a 4-dimensional one when we work inrelativistic mechanics. However, this mathematical vector model has barely 200years and its complete installation in the physics is hardly more than 100years old. In classical mechanics, based on point particles with mass, momentumis considered as a vector because the speed of the particle is applied on asingle point and the mass is defined only at that point. When the extension toclassical rigid solids is made, that is, to solids that keep their shape, beingso that the speed is defined to be the same for each and every point where thesolid is defined, then the viewpoint of momentum as a vector is the simplestand more convenient approach. Relativity (restricted and general) was developedin the decades of 1900 and 1910 and quantum mechanics in the decades of 1920and 1930. Relativity then impedes the existence of classical rigid solids. Themaximum speed for the transmission of signals prevents a body from varying itsstatus without being deformed. On the other hand, quantum physics breaks upwith the concept of point particles with mass, substituting this model for theone of the wave function defined in an extensive region of the space(space-time in the quantum relativity). Can we really define, the moment of arelativistic solid or of a wave function with a simple vector?
Analysis and optimisation of the tuning of the twelfths for a clarinet  resonator	2003	Even if the tuning between the first and second register of a clarinet hasbeen optimized by instrument makers, the lowest twelfths remain slightly toolarge (inharmonicity). In this article, we study the problem from two differentpoints of view. First, we systematically review various physical reasons whythis inharmonicity may take place, and the effect of different boreperturbations inserted in cylindrical instruments. Applications to a realclarinet resonator and comparisons with impedance measurements are thenpresented. A commonly accepted idea is that the register hole is the dominantcause for this inharmonicity: it is natural to expect that opening this holewill raise the resonance frequencies of the instrument, except for the note forwhich the hole is at the pressure node. We show that the real situation isactually more complicated because other effects, such as open holes or boretaper and bell, introduce resonance shifts that are comparable but withopposite sign, so that a relatively good overall compensation takes place. Theorigin of the observed inharmonicity in playing frequencies is thereforedifferent. In a second part, we use an elementary model of the clarinet inorder to isolate the effect of the register hole: a perfect cylindrical tubewithout closed holes. Optimization techniques are then used to calculate anoptimum location for the register hole; the result turns out to be close to thelocation chosen by clarinet makers. Finally, attempts are made numerically toimprove the situation by introducing small perturbations in the higher part ofthe cylindrical resonator, but no satisfactory improvement is obtained.
A network model to investigate structural and electrical properties of  proteins	2007	One of the main trend in to date research and development is theminiaturization of electronic devices. In this perspective, integratednanodevices based on proteins or biomolecules are attracting a major interest.In fact, it has been shown that proteins like bacteriorhodopsin and azurin,manifest electrical properties which are promising for the development ofactive components in the field of molecular electronics. Here we focus on tworelevant kinds of proteins: The bovine rhodopsin, prototype of GPCR protein,and the enzyme acetylcholinesterase (AChE), whose inhibition is one of the mostqualified treatments of Alzheimer disease. Both these proteins exert theirfunctioning starting with a conformational change of their native structure.Our guess is that such a change should be accompanied with a detectablevariation of their electrical properties. To investigate this conjecture, wepresent an impedance network model of proteins, able to estimate the differentelectrical response associated with the different configurations. The modelresolution of the electrical response is found able to monitor the structureand the conformational change of the given protein. In this respect, rhodopsinexhibits a better differential response than AChE. This result gives room todifferent interpretations of the degree of conformational change and inparticular supports a recent hypothesis on the existence of a mixed statealready in the native configuration of the protein.
Volume Elements of Monotone Metrics on the n x n Density Matrices as  Densities-of-States for Thermodynamic Purposes. II	1998	We derive explicit expressions for the volume elements of both the minimaland maximal monotone metrics over the (n^{2} - 1)-dimensional convex set of n xn density matrices for the cases n = 3 and 4. We make further progress for thespecific n = 3 maximal-monotone case, by taking the limit of a certain ratio ofintegration results, obtained using an orthogonal set of eight coordinates. Bydoing so, we find remarkably simple marginal probability distributions based onthe corresponding volume element, which we then use for thermodynamic purposes.We, thus, find a spin-1 analogue of the Langevin function. In the fully generaln = 4 situation, however, we are impeded in making similar progress by theinability to diagonalize a 3 x 3 Hermitian matrix and thereby obtain anorthogonal set of coordinates to use in the requisite integrations.
Correlation of energy and free energy for the thermal Casimir force  between real metals	2002	The energy of fluctuating electromagnetic field is investigated for thethermal Casimir force acting between parallel plates made of real metal. It isproved that for nondissipative media with temperature independent dielectricpermittivity the energy at nonzero temperature comprises of the (renormalized)energies of the zero-point and thermal photons. In this manner photons can beconsidered as collective elementary excitations of the matter of plates andelectromagnetic field. If the dielectric permittivity depends on temperaturethe energy contains additional terms proportional to the derivatives ofdielectric permittivity with respect to temperature, and the quasiparticleinterpretation of the fluctuating field is not possible. The correlationbetween energy and free energy is considered. Previous calculations of theCasimir energy in the framework of the Lifshitz formula at zero temperature andoptical tabulated data supplemented by the Drude model at room temperature areanalysed. It is demonstrated that this quantity is not a good approximationeither for the free energy or the energy. A physical interpretation of thishybrid quantity is suggested. The contradictory results in the recentliterature on whether the zero-frequency term of the Lifshitz formula for theperpendicular polarized modes has any effective contribution to the physicalquantities are discussed. Four main approaches to the resolution of thisproblem are specified. The precise expressions for entropy of the fluctuatingfield between plates made of real metal are obtained, which helps to decidebetween the different approaches. The conclusion is that the Lifshitz formulasupplemented by the plasma model and the surface impedance approach are bestsuited to describe the thermal Casimir force between real metals.
Present status of controversies regarding the thermal Casimir force	2005	It is well known that, beginning in 2000, the behavior of the thermalcorrection to the Casimir force between real metals has been hotly debated. Aswas shown by several research groups, the Lifshitz theory, which provides thetheoretical foundation for the calculation of both the van der Waals andCasimir forces, leads to different results depending on the model of metalconductivity used. To resolve these controversies, the theoreticalconsiderations based on the principles of thermodynamics and new experimentaltests were invoked. We analyze the present status of the problem (inparticular, the advantages and disadvantages of the approaches based on thesurface impedance and on the Drude model dielectric function) using rigorousanalytical calculations of the entropy of a fluctuating field. We also discussthe results of a new precise experiment on the determination of the Casimirpressure between two parallel plates by means of a micromechanical torsionaloscillator.
Critical State Flux Penetration and Linear Microwave Vortex Response in  YBa_2Cu_3O_{7-x} Films	1996	The vortex contribution to the dc field (H) dependent microwave surfaceimpedance Z_s = R_s+iX_s of YBa_2Cu_3O_{7-x} thin films was measured usingsuspended patterned resonators. Z_s(H) is shown to be a direct measure of theflux density B(H) enabling a very precise test of models of flux penetration.Three regimes of field-dependent behavior were observed: (1) Initial fluxpenetration occurs on very low field scales H_i(4.2K) 100Oe, (2) At moderatefields the flux penetration into the virgin state is in excellent agreementwith calculations based upon the field-induced Bean critical state for thinfilm geometry, parametrized by a field scale H_s(4.2K) J_c*d 0.5T, (3) for veryhigh fields H >>H_s, the flux density is uniform and the measurements enabledirect determination of vortex parameters such as pinning force constants\alpha_p and vortex viscosity \eta. However hysteresis loops are indisagreement with the thin film Bean model, and instead are governed by the lowfield scale H_i, rather than by H_s. Geometric barriers are insufficient toaccount for the observed results.
A Documentary of High-Mass Star Formation: Probing the Dynamical  Evolution of Orion Source I on 10-100 AU Scales using SiO Masers	2007	A comprehensive picture of high-mass star formation has remained elusive, inpart because examples of high-mass YSOs tend to be relatively distant, deeplyembedded, and confused with other emission sources. These factors have impededdynamical investigations within tens of AU of high-mass YSOs--scales that arecritical for probing the interfaces where outflows from accretion disks arelaunched and collimated. Using observations of SiO masers obtained with the VLAand the VLBA, the KaLYPSO project is overcoming these limitations by mappingthe structure and dynamical/temporal evolution of the material 10-1000 AU fromthe nearest high-mass YSO: Radio Source I in the Orion BN/KL region. Our datainclude ~40 epochs of VLBA observations over a several-year period, allowing usto track the proper motions of individual SiO maser spots and to monitorchanges in the physical conditions of the emitting material with time.Ultimately these data will provide 3-D maps of the outflow structure overapproximately 30% of the outflow crossing time. Here we summarize recentresults from the KaLYPSO project, including evidence that high-mass starformation is occurring via disk-mediated accretion.
Slow wave resonance in periodic stacks of anisotropic layers	2007	We consider transmission band edge resonance in periodic layered structuresinvolving birefringent layers. Previously we have shown that the presence ofbirefringent layers with misaligned in-plane anisotropy can dramaticallyenhance the performance of the photonic-crystal Fabry-Perot resonator. Itallows to reduce its size by an order of magnitude without compromising on itsperformance. The key characteristic of the enhanced photonic-crystal cavity isthat its Bloch dispersion relation displays a degenerate photonic band edge,rather than only regular ones. This can be realized in specially arrangedstacks of misaligned anisotropic layers. On the down side, the presence ofbirefringent layers results in the Fabry-Perot resonance being coupled onlywith one (elliptic) polarization component of the incident wave, while theother polarization component is reflected back to space. In this paper we showhow a small modification of the periodic layered array can solve the abovefundamental problem and provide a perfect impedance match regardless of theincident wave polarization, while preserving the giant transmission resonance,characteristic of a degenerate photonic band edge. Both features are ofcritical importance for a variety of practical applications, includingantennas, light amplification, optical and microwave filters, etc.
Continuous Spin Fractionation: A large scale method to improve the  performance of polymers	2007	Most technical polymers and many biopolymers contain very different molecularspecies (unlike chain length, molecular architecture and/or chemicalcomposition) in contrast to pure low molecular weight compounds. Thisinconsistent constitution of macromolecules proves very adverse in many cases.An adequate fractionation of polydisperse polymers is therefore mandatory.  Very efficient means are available for analytical purposes. However, thesemethods break down as soon as the required amount of product exceeds some tengrams. In order to gain access to large enough quantities of sufficientlyuniform polymer samples, we have developed a special kind of extraction processcalled Continuous Spin Fractiona-tion (CSF). The better soluble macromolecularspecies are preferentially transferred from a feed phase (concentrated polymersolution) into a pickup phase (solvent of tai-lored thermodynamic quality). Themain problem of the procedure lies in the high vis-cosities of reasonablyconcentrated polymer solutions, impeding the attainment of ther-modynamicequilibria. This hurdle could be cleared by means of spinning nozzles throughwhich the feed is pressed into the pickup phase. CSF can be implemented to anysoluble polymer and is likewise apt for the production of small and of largeamounts of polymer samples with the required uniformity. This contributionexplains how to customize CSF to the polymer of interest and presents a numberof typical ex-amples.
Modeling Visual Information Processing in Brain: A Computer Vision Point  of View and Approach	2007	"We live in the Information Age, and information has become a criticallyimportant component of our life. The success of the Internet made huge amountsof it easily available and accessible to everyone. To keep the flow of thisinformation manageable, means for its faultless circulation and effectivehandling have become urgently required. Considerable research efforts arededicated today to address this necessity, but they are seriously hampered bythe lack of a common agreement about ""What is information?"" In particular, whatis ""visual information"" - human's primary input from the surrounding world. Theproblem is further aggravated by a long-lasting stance borrowed from thebiological vision research that assumes human-like information processing as anenigmatic mix of perceptual and cognitive vision faculties. I am trying to finda remedy for this bizarre situation. Relying on a new definition of""information"", which can be derived from Kolmogorov's compexity theory andChaitin's notion of algorithmic information, I propose a unifying framework forvisual information processing, which explicitly accounts for the perceptual andcognitive image processing peculiarities. I believe that this framework will beuseful to overcome the difficulties that are impeding our attempts to developthe right model of human-like intelligent image processing."
Strong Reduction of the Field-Dependent Microwave Surface Resistance in  YBCO with BaZrO_3 Inclusions	2007	We present measurements of the magnetic field dependent microwave surfaceresistance in laser-ablated YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$ films on SrTiO$_3$substrates. BaZrO$_3$ crystallites were included in the films using compositetargets containing BaZrO$_3$ inclusions with mean grain size smaller than 1$\mu$m. X-ray diffraction showed single epitaxial relationship betweenBaZrO$_3$ and YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$. The effective surface resistance wasmeasured at 47.7 GHz for 60$< T <$90 K and 0$< \mu_0H <$0.8 T. The magneticfield had a very different effect on pristine YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$ andYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$, while for $\mu_0H=$0 only a reduction of$T_c$ in the YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$ film was observed,consistent with dc measurements. At low enough $T$, in moderate fieldsYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$ exhibited an intrinsic thin filmresistance lower than the pure film. The results clearly indicate thatBaZrO$_3$ inclusions determine a strong reduction of the field-dependentsurface resistance. From the analysis of the data in the framework of simplemodels for the microwave surface impedance in the mixed state we argue thatBaZrO$_3$ inclusions determine very steep pinning potentials.
Change of strength of vortex pinning in YBCO due to BaZrO_3 inclusions	2007	We probe the short-range pinning properties with the application of microwavecurrents at very high driving frequencies (47.7 GHz) onYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$ films with and without sub-micrometer BaZrO$_3$inclusions. We explore the temperature and field ranges 60 K$<T<T_c$ and0$<\mu_0H<$0.8 T, with the field applied along the c-axis. The magnetic fieldinduces a much smaller increase of the microwave resistivity, $\Delta\rho_1(H)+\mathrm{i}\Delta \rho_2(H)$, in YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$with respect to pure YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$. $\Delta \rho_1(H)$ isslightly superlinear in pure YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$ (suggesting a possiblecontribution of thermal activation), but linear or sublinear inYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$ (suggesting a possible suppression ofthermal activation as a consequence of BaZrO$_3$ inclusions). These featurespersist up to close to $T_c$. We discuss our data in terms of the ratio$r=\Delta X_s'(H)/\Delta R_s'(H)$ in the framework of the models for themicrowave surface impedance in the mixed state. Large $r$ are found inYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$/BaZrO$_3$, with little field dependence. Bycontrast, smaller values and stronger field dependences are found in pureYBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$. We discuss the different field dependence of thepinning constant.
Silicon in the Quantum Limit: Quantum Computing and Decoherence in  Silicon Architectures	2007	Semiconductor architectures hold promise for quantum information processing(QIP) applications due to their large industrial base and perceived scalabilitypotential. Electron spins in silicon in particular may be an excellentarchitecture for QIP and also for spin electronics (spintronics) applications.While the charge of an electron is easily manipulated by charged gates, thespin degree of freedom is well isolated from charge fluctuations. Inherentlysmall spin-orbit coupling and the existence of a spin-zero Si isotopefacilitate long single spin qubit coherence times. Here we consider therelaxation properties of localized electronic states in silicon due to donors,quantum wells, and quantum dots, including effects due to phonons and Rashbaspin-orbit coupling. Our analysis is impeded by the complicated, many-valleyband structure of silicon and previously unaddressed physics in silicon quantumwells. We find that electron spins in silicon and especially strained siliconhave excellent decoherence properties. Where possible we compare withexperiment to test our theories. We go beyond issues of coherence in a quantumcomputer to problems of control and measurement. Precisely what makes spinrelaxation so long in semiconductor architectures makes spin measurement sodifficult. To address this, we propose a new scheme for spin readout which hasthe added benefit of automatic spin initialization, a vital component ofquantum computing and quantum error correction. Our results represent importantpractical milestones on the way to the design and construction of asilicon-based quantum computer.
Scale invariability	2008	"I recently demonstrated that the Earth is a mechanical oscillator in whichspringtide induced magnification of all-masses resonance forces tectonics. Ihere generalize this georesonator concept so to make it apply to any body,anywhere in all the universes, and at all times. It turns out that there is nodistinction between physics at intergalactic, mechanist, quantum, and smallerscales. Instead of being a constant (of proportionality of physics at allscales), G is a parameter of most general form: G = s e^2, nonlinearly varyingamongst different scales s. The so called scale variability of physics but notof G, imagined as such by Planck and Einstein, is due to springtide-inducedextreme resonance of Earth masses critically impeding terrestrial experimentsfor estimating G, while providing artificial settings for quantum experimentsto all trivially ""work"". Thus the derived equation is that of levitation.Reality is a system of near infinitely many magnifying oscillators, wherepermanent energy decay of all oscillation forbids constancy of known ""physicalconstants"". This hyperresonator concept explains the magnetism (as every forcedoscillator feature), as well as the gravitation (as forward propagation ofmechanical vibrations along the aether i.e. throughout the vacuum structure).To test my claim I propose a Space mission to collect on site measurements ofeigenperiods of the Sun, its planets, and their satellites. The levitationequitation enables propulsionless Space travel via gravity sailing: Spacevehicle hull ought to be engineered so as to automatically adjust its gravemode, to the vehicle instant gravitational surroundings, akin to trout upswimming."
Hydrogen Dissociation and Diffusion on Ni and Ti -doped Mg(0001)  Surfaces	2008	It is well known, both theoretically and experimentally, that alloyingMgH$_2$ with transition elements can significantly improve the thermodynamicand kinetic properties for H$_2$ desorption, as well as the H$_2$ intake by Mgbulk. Here we present a density functional theory investigation of hydrogendissociation and surface diffusion over Ni-doped surface, and compare thefindings to previously investigated Ti-doped Mg(0001) and pure Mg(0001)surfaces. Our results show that the energy barrier for hydrogen dissociation onthe pure Mg(0001) surface is high, while it is small/null when Ni/Ti are addedto the surface as dopants. We find that the binding energy of the two H atomsnear the dissociation site is high on Ti, effectively impeding diffusion awayfrom the Ti site. By contrast, we find that on Ni the energy barrier fordiffusion is much reduced. Therefore, although both Ti and Ni promote H$_2$dissociation, only Ni appears to be a good catalyst for Mg hydrogenation,allowing diffusion away from the catalytic sites. Experimental resultscorroborate these theoretical findings, i.e. faster hydrogenation of the Nidoped Mg sample as opposed to the reference Mg or Ti doped Mg.
Terrestrial Planet Formation in Extra-Solar Planetary Systems	2008	"Terrestrial planets form in a series of dynamical steps from the solidcomponent of circumstellar disks. First, km-sized planetesimals form likely viaa combination of sticky collisions, turbulent concentration of solids, andgravitational collapse from micron-sized dust grains in the thin disk midplane.Second, planetesimals coalesce to form Moon- to Mars-sized protoplanets, alsocalled ""planetary embryos"". Finally, full-sized terrestrial planets accretefrom protoplanets and planetesimals. This final stage of accretion lasts about10-100 Myr and is strongly affected by gravitational perturbations from any gasgiant planets, which are constrained to form more quickly, during the 1-10 Myrlifetime of the gaseous component of the disk. It is during this final stagethat the bulk compositions and volatile (e.g., water) contents of terrestrialplanets are set, depending on their feeding zones and the amount of radialmixing that occurs. The main factors that influence terrestrial planetformation are the mass and surface density profile of the disk, and theperturbations from giant planets and binary companions if they exist. Simpleaccretion models predicts that low-mass stars should form small, dry planets intheir habitable zones. The migration of a giant planet through a disk of rockybodies does not completely impede terrestrial planet growth. Rather, ""hotJupiter"" systems are likely to also contain exterior, very water-richEarth-like planets, and also ""hot Earths"", very close-in rocky planets. Roughlyone third of the known systems of extra-solar (giant) planets could allow aterrestrial planet to form in the habitable zone."
Complex-Orbital Order in Fe_3O_4 and Mechanism of the Verwey Transition	2008	Electronic state and the Verwey transition in magnetite (Fe_3O_4) are studiedusing a spinless three-band Hubbard model for 3d electrons on the B sites withthe Hartree-Fock approximation and the exact diagonalisation method.Complex-orbital, e.g., 1/sqrt(2)[|zx> + i |yz>], ordered (COO) states havingnoncollinear orbital moments ~ 0.4 mu_B on the B sites are obtained with thecubic lattice structure of the high-temperature phase. The COO state is a novelform of magnetic ordering within the orbital degree of freedom. It arises fromthe formation of Hund's second rule states of spinless pseudo-d molecularorbitals in the Fe_4 tetrahedral units of the B sites and ferromagneticalignment of their fictitious orbital moments. A COO state with longerperiodicity is obtained with pseudo-orthorhombic Pmca and Pmc2_1 structures forthe low-temperature phase. The state spontaneously lowers the crystal symmetryto the monoclinic and explains experimentally observed rhombohedral celldeformation and Jahn-Teller like distortion. From these findings, we considerthat at the Verwey transition temperature, the COO state remaining to beshort-range order impeded by dynamical lattice distortion in high temperatureis developed into that with long-range order coupled with the monocliniclattice distortion.
Plasmons in the presence of Tamm-Shockley states with Rashba splitting  at noble metal surfaces	2008	Au(111) or similar noble metal surfaces feature Tamm-Shockley surface statesthat are known to possess considerable spin-orbit splitting of the Rashba typeof order $\Delta=0.1$ eV. When interacting with an electromagnetic field suchstates are expected to have resonances when the frequency of the field is nearthe energy of the spin-orbit splitting $\Delta$. These resonances originate inthe intersubband transitions between spin-split subbands. Such resonances canbe observed in the frequency dependence of the surface impedance. Plasmons inthin metal films are gapless and can be strongly affected by these spinresonances, acquiring significant modification of the spectrum when itintersects the $\omega=\Delta$ line. Finally, an interesting demonstration ofthe intersubband resonances can be obtained when metal films are coated withionic dielectrics that have a frequency of longitudinal/transverse opticalphonons above/below $\Delta$. The dielectric function between the two opticalphonon frequencies is negative which forbids propagation of conventionalplasmon-polaritons. However, the presence of spin-orbit-split surface statesallows plasmon-polaritons to exist in this otherwise forbidden range offrequencies.
Superfluid Phase Stability of $^3$He in Axially Anisotropic Aerogel	2008	Measurements of superfluid $^3$He in 98% aerogel demonstrate the existence ofa metastable \emph{A}-like phase and a stable \emph{B}-like phase. It has beensuggested that the relative stability of these two phases is controlled byanisotropic quasiparticle scattering in the aerogel. Anisotropic scatteringproduced by axial compression of the aerogel has been predicted to stabilizethe axial state of superfluid $^3$He. To explore this possiblity, we usedtransverse acoustic impedance to map out the phase diagram of superfluid $^3$Hein a $\sim 98$% porous silica aerogel subjected to 17% axial compression. Wehave previously shown that axial anisotropy in aerogel leads to opticalbirefringence and that optical cross-polarization studies can be used tocharacterize such anisotropy. Consequently, we have performed opticalcross-polarization experiments to verify the presence and uniformity of theaxial anisotropy in our aerogel sample. We find that uniform axial anisotropyintroduced by 17% compression does not stabilize the \emph{A}-like phase. Wealso find an increase in the supercooling of the \emph{A}-like phase at lowerpressure, indicating a modification to \emph{B}-like phase nucleation in\emph{globally} anisotropic aerogels.
Novel structural features of CDK inhibition revealed by an ab initio  computational method combined with dynamic simulations	2008	The rational development of specific inhibitors for the ~500 protein kinasesencoded in the human genome is impeded by a poor understanding of thestructural basis for the activity and selectivity of small molecules thatcompete for ATP binding. Combining classical dynamic simulations with a novelab initio computational approach linear-scalable to molecular interactionsinvolving thousands of atoms, we have investigated the binding of five distinctinhibitors to the cyclin-dependent kinase CDK2. We report here thatpolarization and dynamic hydrogen bonding effects, so far undetected bycrystallography, affect both their activity and selectivity. The effects arisefrom the specific solvation patterns of water molecules in the ATP bindingpocket or the intermittent formation of hydrogen bonds during the dynamics ofCDK/inhibitor interactions and explain the unexpectedly high potency of certaininhibitors such as3-(3H-imidazol-4-ylmethylene)-5-methoxy-1,3-dihydro-indol-2-one (SU9516). TheLys89 residue in the ATP-binding pocket of CDK2 is observed to form temporaryhydrogen bonds with the three most potent inhibitors. This residue is replacedin CDK4 by Thr89, whose shorter side-chain cannot form similar bonds,explaining the relative selectivity of the inhibitors for CDK2. Our resultsprovide a generally applicable computational method for the analysis ofbiomolecular structures and reveal hitherto unrecognized features of theinteraction between protein kinases and their inhibitors
Emergence of Animals from Heat Engines. Part 1. Before the Snowball  Earths	2008	Previous studies modelled the origin of life and the emergence ofphotosynthesis on the early Earth-i.e. the origin of plants-in terms ofbiological heat engines that worked on thermal cycling caused by suspension inconvecting water. In this new series of studies, heat engines using a morecomplex mechanism for thermal cycling are invoked to explain the origin ofanimals as well. Biological exploitation of the thermal gradient above asubmarine hydrothermal vent is hypothesized, where a relaxation oscillation inthe length of a protein 'thermotether' would have yielded the thermal cyclingrequired for thermosynthesis. Such a thermal transition driven movement is notimpeded by the low Reynolds number of a small scale. In the model thethermotether together with the protein export apparatus evolved into a'flagellar proton pump' that turned into today's bacterial flagellar motorafter the acquisition of the proton-pumping respiratory chain. The flagellarpump resembles Feynman's ratchet, and the 'flagellar computer' that implementschemotaxis a Turing machine: the stator would have functioned as Turing's papertape and the stator's proton-transferring subunits with their variableconformation as the symbols on the tape. The existence of a cellular controlcentre in the cilium of the eukaryotic cell is proposed that would have evolvedfrom the prokaryotic flagellar computer.
Reduction of the field-dependent microwave surface resistance in  YBa_2Cu_3O_7 with sub-micrometric BaZrO_3 inclusions as a function of BaZrO_3  concentration	2008	In order to study the vortex pinning determined by artificially introducedpinning centers in the small-vortex displacement regime, we measured themicrowave surface impedance at 47.7 GHz in the mixed state ofYBa$_{2}$Cu$_{3}$O$_{7-\delta}$ thin films, where sub-micrometric BaZrO$_3$particles have been incorporated. As a function of the BaZrO$_3$ content, weobserve that the absolute losses slightly decrease up to a BaZrO$_3$ content of5%, and then increase. We found that the magnetic-field-induced losses behavedifferently, in that they are not monotonic with increasing BaZrO$_3$concentration: at small concentration (2.5%) the field-induced losses increase,but large reduction of the losses themselves, by factors up to 3, is observedupon further increasing the BaZrO$_3$ concentration in the target up to 7%.Using measurements of both surface resistance and surface reactance we estimatevortex pinning-related parameters. We find that BaZrO$_3$ inclusions introducedeep and steep pinning wells. In particular, the minimum height of the energybarrier for single vortices is raised. At larger BaZrO$_3$ content (5% and 7%)the phenomenon is at its maximum, but it is unclear whether it shows asaturation or not, thus leaving room for further improvements.
Radiative Regulation of Population III Star Formation	2009	We explore the impact of ultraviolet (UV) radiation from massive PopulationIII (Pop III) stars of 25, 40, 80, and 120 M_sun on the subsequent Pop III starformation. In this paper, particular attention is paid to the dependence ofradiative feedback on the mass of source Pop III star. UV radiation from thesource star can work to impede the secondary star formation through thephotoheating and photodissociation processes. Recently, Susa & Umemura (2006)have shown that the ionizing radiation alleviates the negative effect byH_2-dissociating radiation from 120$M_sun PopIII star, since an H_2 shellformed ahead of an ionizing front can effectively shield H_2-dissociatingradiation. On the other hand, it is expected that the negative feedback byH_2-dissociating radiation can be predominant if a source star is less massive,since a ratio of the H_2-dissociating photon number to the ionizing photonnumber becomes higher. In order to investigate the radiative feedback effectsfrom such less massive stars, we perform three-dimensional radiationhydrodynamic simulations, incorporating the radiative transfer effect ofionizing and H_2-dissociating radiation. As a result, we find that if a sourcestar is less massive than ~25M_sun, the ionizing radiation cannot suppress thenegative feedback of H_2-dissociating radiation. Therefore, the fate of theneighboring clouds around such less massive stars is determined solely by theflux of H_2-dissociating radiation from source stars. With making analyticestimates of H_2 shell formation and its shielding effect, we derive thecriteria for radiation hydrodynamic feedback depending on the source star mass.
Discrete Geometric Structures in Homogenization and Inverse  Homogenization with application to EIT	2009	We introduce a new geometric approach for the homogenization and inversehomogenization of the divergence form elliptic operator with rough conductivitycoefficients $\sigma(x)$ in dimension two. We show that conductivitycoefficients are in one-to-one correspondence with divergence-free matrices andconvex functions $s(x)$ over the domain $\Omega$. Although homogenization is anon-linear and non-injective operator when applied directly to conductivitycoefficients, homogenization becomes a linear interpolation operator overtriangulations of $\Omega$ when re-expressed using convex functions, and is avolume averaging operator when re-expressed with divergence-free matrices.Using optimal weighted Delaunay triangulations for linearly interpolatingconvex functions, we obtain an optimally robust homogenization algorithm forarbitrary rough coefficients. Next, we consider inverse homogenization and showhow to decompose it into a linear ill-posed problem and a well-posed non-linearproblem. We apply this new geometric approach to Electrical ImpedanceTomography (EIT). It is known that the EIT problem admits at most one isotropicsolution. If an isotropic solution exists, we show how to compute it from anyconductivity having the same boundary Dirichlet-to-Neumann map. It is knownthat the EIT problem admits a unique (stable with respect to $G$-convergence)solution in the space of divergence-free matrices. As such we suggest that thespace of convex functions is the natural space in which to parameterizesolutions of the EIT problem.
Penetration depth, lower critical fields, and quasiparticle conductivity  in Fe-arsenide superconductors	2009	In this article, we review our recent studies of microwave penetration depth,lower critical fields, and quasiparticle conductivity in the superconductingstate of Fe-arsenide superconductors. High-sensitivity microwave surfaceimpedance measurements of the in-plane penetration depth in single crystals ofelectron-doped PrFeAsO1-y (y~0.1) and hole-doped Ba1-xKxFe2As2 (x~0.55) arepresented. In clean crystals of Ba1-xKxFe2As2, as well as in PrFeAsO1-ycrystals, the penetration depth shows flat temperature dependence at lowtemperatures, indicating that the superconducting gap opens all over the Fermisurface. The temperature dependence of superfluid density in both systems ismost consistent with the existence of two different gaps. In Ba1-xKxFe2As2, wefind that the superfluid density is sensitive to degrees of disorder inherentin the crystals, implying unconventional impurity effect. We also determine thelower critical field $H_{c1}$ in PrFeAsO1-y by using an array of micro-Hallprobes. The temperature dependence of $H_{c1}$ saturates at low temperatures,fully consistent with the superfluid density determined by microwavemeasurements. The anisotropy of $H_{c1}$ has a weak temperature dependence withsmaller values than the anisotropy of upper critical fields at lowtemperatures, which further supports the multi-gap superconductivity inFe-arsenide systems. The quasiparticle conductivity shows an enhancement in thesuperconducting state, which suggests the reduction of quasiparticle scatteringrate due to the gap formation below $T_c$. From these results, we discuss thestructure of the superconducting gap in these Fe-arsenides, in comparison withthe high-$T_c$ cuprate superconductors.
Inaccuracy Assessment for Simultaneous Measurements of Resistivity and  Permittivity applying Sensitivity and Transfer Function Approaches	2009	This paper proposes a theoretical modelling of the simultaneous and noninvasive measurement of electrical resistivity and dielectric permittivity,using a quadrupole probe on a subjacent medium. A mathematical-physical modelis applied on propagation of errors in the measurement of resistivity andpermittivity based on the sensitivity functions tool. The findings are alsocompared to the results of the classical method of analysis in the frequencydomain, which is useful for determining the behaviour of zero and polefrequencies in the linear time invariant (LTI) circuit of the quadrupole. Thepaper underlines that average values of electrical resistivity and dielectricpermittivity may be used to estimate the complex impedance over variousterrains and concretes, especially when they are characterized by low levels ofwater saturation (content) and analyzed within a bandwidth ranging only fromlow (LF) to middle (MF) frequencies. In order to meet the design specificationswhich ensure satisfactory performances of the probe (inaccuracy no more than10%), the forecasts provided by the sensitivity functions approach are lessstringent than those foreseen by the transfer functions method (in terms ofboth a larger band of frequency f and a wider measurable range of resistivityor permittivity).
Vainu Bappu Memorial Lecture: What is a sunspot?	2009	Sunspots have been known in the West since Galileo Galilei and Thomas Harriotfirst used telescopes to observe the Sun nearly four centuries ago; they havebeen known to the Chinese for more than two thousand years. They appear asrelatively dark patches on the surface of the Sun, and are caused byconcentrations of magnetism which impede the flow of heat from deep inside theSun up to its othewise brilliant surface. The spots are not permanent: thetotal number of spots on the Sun varies cyclically in time, with a period ofabout eleven years, associated with which there appear to be variations in ourclimate. When there are many spots, it is more dangerous for spacecraft tooperate. The cause of the spots is not well understood; nor is it known forsure how they die. Their structure beneath the surface of the Sun is in somedispute, although much is known about their properties at the surface,including an outward material flow which was discovered by John Evershedobserving the Sun from Kodaikanal a hundred years ago. I shall give you aglimpse of how we are striving to deepen our understanding of these fascinatingfeatures, and of some of the phenomena that appear to be associated with them.
Uniform spin chain physics arising from NCN bridges in CuNCN: surprises  on the way from copper oxides to their nitride analogs	2009	"We report on the unexpected uniform spin chain physics in CuNCN, theinsulating nitride analog of copper oxides. Based on full-potential bandstructure calculations, we derive the relevant microscopic parameters, estimateindividual exchange couplings, and establish a realistic spin model of thiscompound. The structure of CuNCN contains chains of edge-sharing CuN(4)squares. As a surprise, in contrast to analogous [CuO(2)] chains in""edge-sharing"" cuprates, the leading magnetic interactions J ~ 2500 K runperpendicular to the structural [CuN(2)] chains via bridging NCN groups. Theresulting spin model of a uniform chain is in agreement with the experimentallyobserved temperature-independent magnetic susceptibility below 300 K. Thenearest-neighbor and next-nearest-neighbor interactions along the structural[CuN(2)] chains are J(1) ~ -500 K and J(2) ~ 100 K, respectively. Despite thefrustrating nature of J(1) and J(2), we assign the anomaly at 70 K tolong-range magnetic ordering, which is likely collinear with antiparallel andparallel arrangement of spins along the 'c' and 'a' directions, respectively.The pronounced one-dimensionality of the spin system should lead to a reductionin the ordered moment and to a suppression of the transition anomaly in thespecific heat, thus impeding the experimental observation of the long-rangeordering. Our results suggest CuNCN as a promising material for ballistic heattransport within spin chains, while the sizable bandwidth W ~ 3 eV may lead toa metal-insulator transition and other exotic properties under high pressure."
Dielectric Relaxation and Electrical Conductivity in Bi5NbO10 Oxygen Ion  Conductors Prepared by a Modified Sol-Gel Process	2009	Crystalline Bi5NbO10 nanoparticles have been achieved through a modifiedsol-gel process using a mixture of ethylenediamine and ethanolamine as asolvent. The Bi5NbO10 nanoparticles were characterized by X-ray diffraction(XRD), differential scanning calorimetry/thermogravimetry, fourier transforminfrared spectroscopy (FT-IR), transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and Ramanspectroscopy. The results showed that well-dispersed 5-60 nm Bi5NbO10nanoparticles were prepared through heat-treating the precursor at 650C and thehigh density pellets were obtained at temperatures lower than those commonlyemployed. The frequency and temperature dependence of the dielectric constantand the electrical conductivity of the Bi5NbO10 solid solutions wereinvestigated in the 0.1 Hz - 1 MHz frequency range. Two distinct relaxationmechanisms were observed in the plots of dielectric loss and the imaginary partof impedance versus frequency in the temperature range of 200-350oC. Thedielectric constant and the loss in the low frequency regime were electrodedependent. The ionic conductivity of Bi5NbO10 solid solutions at 700oC is2.86(ohm m)-1 which is in same order of magnitude for Y2O3-stabilized ZrO2ceramics at same temperature. These results suggest that Bi5NbO10 is apromising material for an oxygen-ion conductor.
Competition between recombination and epistasis can cause a transition  from allele to genotype selection	2009	"Biochemical and regulatory interactions central to biological networks areexpected to cause extensive genetic interactions or epistasis affecting theheritability of complex traits and the distribution of genotypes inpopulations. However, the inference of epistasis from the observedphenotype-genotype correlation is impeded by statistical difficulties, whilethe theoretical understanding of the effects of epistasis remains limited, inturn limiting our ability to interpret data. Of particular interest is thebiologically relevant situation of numerous interacting genetic loci with smallindividual contributions to fitness. Here, we present a computational model ofselection dynamics involving many epistatic loci in a recombining population.We demonstrate that a large number of polymorphic interacting loci can, despitefrequent recombination, exhibit cooperative behavior that locks alleles intofavorable genotypes leading to a population consisting of a set of competingclones. When the recombination rate exceeds a certain critical value thatdepends on the strength of epistasis, this ""genotype selection"" regimedisappears in an abrupt transition, giving way to ""allele selection""-the regimewhere different loci are only weakly correlated as expected in sexuallyreproducing populations. We show that large populations attain highest fitnessat a recombination rate just below critical. Clustering of interacting sets ofgenes on a chromosome leads to the emergence of an intermediate regime, whereblocks of cooperating alleles lock into genetic modules. These haplotype blocksdisappear in a second transition to pure allele selection. Our resultsdemonstrate that the collective effect of many weak epistatic interactions canhave dramatic effects on the population structure."
Proliferation of anomalous symmetries in colloidal monolayers subjected  to quasiperiodic light fields	2010	Quasicrystals provide a fascinating class of materials with intriguingproperties. Despite a strong potential for numerous technical applications, theconditions under which quasicrystals form are still poorly understood.Currently, it is not clear why most quasicrystals hold 5- or 10-fold symmetrybut no single example with 7 or 9-fold symmetry has ever been observed. Here wereport on geometrical constraints which impede the formation of quasicrystalswith certain symmetries in a colloidal model system. Experimentally, colloidalquasicrystals are created by subjecting micron-sized particles totwo-dimensional quasiperiodic potential landscapes created by n=5 or sevenlaser beams. Our results clearly demonstrate that quasicrystalline order ismuch easier established for n = 5 compared to n = 7. With increasing laserintensity we observe that the colloids first adopt quasiperiodic order at localareas which then laterally grow until an extended quasicrystalline layer forms.As nucleation sites where quasiperiodicity originates, we identify highlysymmetric motifs in the laser pattern. We find that their density stronglyvaries with n and surprisingly is smallest exactly for those quasicrystallinesymmetries which have never been observed in atomic systems. Since such highsymmetry motifs also exist in atomic quasicrystals where they act aspreferential adsorption sites, this suggests that it is indeed the deficiencyof such motifs which accounts for the absence of materials with e.g. 7-foldsymmetry.
Dynamical issues in interactive representation of physical objects	2010	"The quality of a simulator equipped with a haptic interface is given by thedynamical properties of its components: haptic interface, simulator and controlsystem. Some application areas of such kind of simulator like musicalsynthesis, animation or more general, instrumental art have specificrequirements as for the ""haptic rendering"" of small movements that go beyondthe usual haptic interfaces allow. Object properties variability and differentsituations of object combination represent important aspects of such type ofapplication which makes that the user can be interested as much in therestitution of certain global properties of an entire object domain as in therestitution of properties that are specific to an isolate object. In thetraditional approaches, the usual criteria are founded on the paradigm oftransparency and are related to the impedance error introduced by the technicalaspects of the system. As a general aim, rather than to minimize these effects,we look to characterize them by physical metaphors conferring to haptic mediumthe role of a tool. This positioning leads to firstly analyze the natural humanobject interaction as a simplified evolutive system and then considers itssynthesis in the case of the interactive physical simulation. By means of afrequential method, this approach is presented for some elementaryconfigurations of the simulator"
Ultra-thin Topological Insulator Bi2Se3 Nanoribbons Exfoliated by Atomic  Force Microscopy	2010	Ultra-thin topological insulator nanostructures, in which coupling betweentop and bottom surface states takes place, are of great intellectual andpractical importance. Due to the weak Van der Waals interaction betweenadjacent quintuple layers (QLs), the layered bismuth selenide (Bi2Se3), asingle Dirac-cone topological insulator with a large bulk gap, can beexfoliated down to a few QLs. In this paper, we report the first controlledmechanical exfoliation of Bi2Se3 nanoribbons (> 50 QLs) by an atomic forcemicroscope (AFM) tip down to a single QL. Microwave impedance microscopy isemployed to map out the local conductivity of such ultra-thin nanoribbons,showing drastic difference in sheet resistance between 1~2 QLs and 4~5 QLs.Transport measurement carried out on an exfoliated (\leq 5 QLs) Bi2Se3 deviceshows non-metallic temperature dependence of resistance, in sharp contrast tothe metallic behavior seen in thick (> 50 QLs) ribbons. These AFM-exfoliatedthin nanoribbons afford interesting candidates for studying the transition fromquantum spin Hall surface to edge states.
First-principles data for solid-solution strengthening of magnesium:  From geometry and chemistry to properties	2010	"Solid-solution strengthening results from solutes impeding the glide ofdislocations. Existing theories of strength rely on solute-dislocationinteractions, but do not consider dislocation core structures, which need anaccurate treatment of chemical bonding. Here, we focus on strengthening of Mg,the lightest of all structural metals and a promising replacement for heaviersteel and aluminum alloys. Elasticity theory, which is commonly used to predictthe requisite solute-dislocation interaction energetics, is replaced withquantum-mechanical first-principles calculations to construct a predictivemesoscale model for solute strengthening of Mg. Results for 29 differentsolutes are displayed in a ""strengthening design map"" as a function of solutemisfits that quantify volumetric strain and slip effects. Our strengtheningmodel is validated with available experimental data for several solutes,including Al and Zn, the two most common solutes in Mg. These new resultshighlight the ability of quantum-mechanical first-principles calculations topredict complex material properties such as strength."
Control and Characterization of Individual Grains and Grain Boundaries  in Graphene Grown by Chemical Vapor Deposition	2010	"The strong interest in graphene has motivated the scalable production of highquality graphene and graphene devices. Since large-scale graphene filmssynthesized to date are typically polycrystalline, it is important tocharacterize and control grain boundaries, generally believed to degradegraphene quality. Here we study single-crystal graphene grains synthesized byambient CVD on polycrystalline Cu, and show how individual boundaries betweencoalescing grains affect graphene's electronic properties. The graphene grainsshow no definite epitaxial relationship with the Cu substrate, and can cross Cugrain boundaries. The edges of these grains are found to be predominantlyparallel to zigzag directions. We show that grain boundaries give a significantRaman ""D"" peak, impede electrical transport, and induce prominent weaklocalization indicative of intervalley scattering in graphene. Finally, wedemonstrate an approach using pre-patterned growth seeds to control graphenenucleation, opening a route towards scalable fabrication of single-crystalgraphene devices without grain boundaries."
Enhanced Li capacity at high lithiation potentials in graphene oxide	2011	We have studied lithiation of graphene oxide (GO) as a function of oxygencoverage using first principles calculations. Our results show that thelithiation potentials and capacities in GO can be tuned by controlling theoxygen coverage, or the degree of reduction. We find a range of coverages wherethe lithiation potentials are above the solid electrolyte interface (SEI)formation threshold, but with capacities comparable to, or larger thangraphite. We observe that in highly oxidized and mildly reduced sheets,lithiation occurs through the formation of Li-O bonds, whereas at low coveragesthat are typical of reduced-GO (rGO) (O:C - 12.5 %), both Li-O bonds and LiC6configurations are observed. The covalent Li-O bond is much stronger than thebonds formed in the LiC6 ring and the lithiation potentials for epoxides athigh and medium coverages are generally large (> 1 eV). For thesecongifurations, as in the case of Li4Ti5O12 anodes, there will be no formationof SEI, but with the additional advantage of having higher lithium storagecapacity than Li4Ti5O12. In reduced GO sheets, the presence of residual oxygenatoms allows for formation of covalent Li-O bonds that lead to storagecapacities and lithiation potentials higher than that of graphite. Finally, ourcalculations show high lithiation potentials for the edges of graphenenanoribbons, which will impede the formation of SEI and hence lead to largereversible capacity.
Kron Reduction of Graphs with Applications to Electrical Networks	2011	Consider a weighted and undirected graph, possibly with self-loops, and itscorresponding Laplacian matrix, possibly augmented with additional diagonalelements corresponding to the self-loops. The Kron reduction of this graph isagain a graph whose Laplacian matrix is obtained by the Schur complement of theoriginal Laplacian matrix with respect to a subset of nodes. The Kron reductionprocess is ubiquitous in classic circuit theory and in related disciplines suchas electrical impedance tomography, smart grid monitoring, transient stabilityassessment in power networks, or analysis and simulation of induction motorsand power electronics. More general applications of Kron reduction occur insparse matrix algorithms, multi-grid solvers, finite--element analysis, andMarkov chains. The Schur complement of a Laplacian matrix and related conceptshave also been studied under different names and as purely theoretic problemsin the literature on linear algebra. In this paper we propose a generalgraph-theoretic framework for Kron reduction that leads to novel and deepinsights both on the mathematical and the physical side. We show theapplicability of our framework to various practical problem setups arising inengineering applications and computation. Furthermore, we provide acomprehensive and detailed graph-theoretic analysis of the Kron reductionprocess encompassing topological, algebraic, spectral, resistive, andsensitivity analyses. Throughout our theoretic elaborations we especiallyemphasize the practical applicability of our results.
Polarization-balanced design of AlN/GaN heterostructures: Application to  double-barrier structures	2011	Inversion- and depletion-regions generally form at the interfaces betweendoped leads (cladding layers) and the active region of polar heterostructureslike AlN/GaN and other nitride compounds. The band bending in the depletionregion sets up a barrier which may seriously impede perpendicular electronictransport. This may ruin the performance of devices such as quantum-cascadelasers and resonant-tunneling diodes. Here we introduce the concepts ofpolarization balance and polarization-balanced designs: A structure ispolarization balanced when the applied bias match the voltage drop arising fromspontaneous and piezeolectric fields. Devices designed to operate at this biashave polarization-balanced designs. These concepts offer a systematic approachto avoid the formation of depletion regions. As a test case, we consider thedesign of AlN/GaN double barrier structures withAl$_{\tilde{x}}$Ga$_{1-\tilde{x}}$N leads. To guide our efforts, we derive asimple relation between the intrinsic voltage drop arising from polar effects,average alloy composition of the active region, and the alloy concentration ofthe leads. Polarization-balanced designs secure good filling of the groundstate for unbiased structures, while for biased structures with efficientemptying of the active structure it removes the depletion barriers.
Protons in lattice confinement: Static pressure on the Y-substituted,  hydrated BaZrO3 ceramic proton conductor decreases proton mobility	2011	Yttrium substituted BaZrO3, with nominal composition BaZr0.9Y0.1O3, a ceramicproton conductor, was subject to impedance spectroscopy for temperatures 300 K< T < 715 K at mechanical pressures 1 GPa < p < 2 GPa. The activation energiesEa of bulk and grain boundary conductivity from two perovskites synthesized bysolid-state reaction and sol-gel method were determined under high pressures.At high temperature, the bulk activation energy increases with pressure by 5%for sol-gel derived sample and by 40% for solid-state derived sample. For thesample prepared by solid-state reaction, there is a large gap of 0.17 eVbetween the activation energy at 1.0 GPa and > 1.2 GPa. The grain boundaryactivation energy is around a factor two times as that of the bulk, and itreaches a maximum at 1.25 - 1.5 GPa, and then decrease as the pressureincreases, indicating higher proton mobility in the grain boundaries at higherpressure. Since this effect is not reversible, it is suggested that the grainboundary resistance decreases as a result of pressure induced sintering. Thesteady increase of the bulk resistivity upon pressurizing suggests that theproton mobility depends on the space available in the lattice. In return, anexpanded lattice with a/a0 > 1 should thus have a lower activation energy,suggesting that thin films expansive tensile strain could have a larger protonconductivity with desirable properties for applications.
The helical phase of chiral nematic liquid crystals as the Bianchi  VII(0) group manifold	2011	We show that the optical structure of the helical phase of a chiral nematicis naturally associated with the Bianchi VII(0) group manifold, of which wegive a full account. The Joets-Ribotta metric governing propagation of theextraordinary rays is invariant under the simply transitive action of theuniversal cover of the three dimensional Euclidean group of two dimensions.Thus extraordinary light rays are geodesics of a left-invariant metric on thisBianchi type VII(0) group. We are able to solve by separation of variables boththe wave equation and the Hamilton-Jacobi equation for this metric. The formerreduces to Mathieu's equation and the later to the quadrantal pendulumequation. We discuss Maxwell's equations for uniaxial optical materials wherethe configuration is invariant under a group action and develop a formalism totake advantage of these symmetries. The material is not assumed to be impedancematched, thus going beyond the usual scope of transformation optics. We showthat for a chiral nematic in its helical phase Maxwell's equations reduce to ageneralised Mathieu equation. Our results may also be relevant to helicalphases of some magnetic materials and to light propagation in certaincosmological models.
A novel graph-based formulation for characterizing morphology with  application to organic solar cells	2011	Organic solar cells have the potential for widespread usage due to theirpromise of low cost, roll-to-roll manufacturability, and mechanicalflexibility. However, deployment is impeded by their relatively low powerconversion efficiencies. The last decade has seen significant progress inenhancing the power conversion of these devices through various strategies. Onesuch approach is based on morphology control. This is because morphologyaffects all phenomena involved in solar conversion: light absorption andelectron-hole pair (exciton) generation; exciton diffusion and dissociationinto free charges; and transport of charges to the electrodes. Progress inexperimental characterization and computational modeling now allowreconstruction and imaging of the thin film morphology. This opens up thepossibility of rationally linking fabrication with morphology, as well asmorphology with performance. In this context, a comprehensive set ofcomputational tools to rapidly quantify and classify the heterogeneous internalstructure of thin films will be invaluable in linking process, structure andproperty. We present a novel graph-based framework to efficiently construct abroad suite of physically meaningful morphology descriptors. These morphologydescriptors are further classified according to the physical subprocesseswithin an organic solar cells. The approach is motivated by the equivalencebetween a discretized morphology and a labeled, weighted, undirected graph. Weutilize this approach to pose key questions related to structurecharacterization. We subsequently construct estimates and upper bounds ofvarious efficiencies. The approach is showcased by characterizing the effect ofthermal annealing on time-evolution of a thin film morphology. We conclude byformulating natural extensions to characterize crystallinity and anisotropy ofthe morphology using the framework.
Cooperative Jamming for Secure Communications in MIMO Relay Networks	2011	Secure communications can be impeded by eavesdroppers in conventional relaysystems. This paper proposes cooperative jamming strategies for two-hop relaynetworks where the eavesdropper can wiretap the relay channels in both hops. Inthese approaches, the normally inactive nodes in the relay network can be usedas cooperative jamming sources to confuse the eavesdropper. Linear precodingschemes are investigated for two scenarios where single or multiple datastreams are transmitted via a decode-and-forward (DF) relay, under theassumption that global channel state information (CSI) is available. For thecase of single data stream transmission, we derive closed-form jammingbeamformers and the corresponding optimal power allocation. Generalizedsingular value decomposition (GSVD)-based secure relaying schemes are proposedfor the transmission of multiple data streams. The optimal power allocation isfound for the GSVD relaying scheme via geometric programming. Based on thisresult, a GSVD-based cooperative jamming scheme is proposed that showssignificant improvement in terms of secrecy rate compared to the approachwithout jamming. Furthermore, the case involving an eavesdropper with unknownCSI is also investigated in this paper. Simulation results show that thesecrecy rate is dramatically increased when inactive nodes in the relay networkparticipate in cooperative jamming.
Railway vibrations induced into the soil: experiments, modelling and  isolation. - Vibrations induites dans les sols par le trafic ferroviaire :  exprimentations, modlisations et isolation	2011	Railway traffic induces cyclic and dynamic loadings in the track structurebut also in the close environment (Degrande et al. 2006, Fran\c{c}ois et al.2007, Kausel 2008, Lefeuve-Mesgouez et al 2002, Paolucci et Spinelli 2006). Theanalysis of such excitations and their effects (e.g. vibrations, waves, etc) isfundamental to estimate their level and mitigate their potential consequences(settlements, nuisances, etc). After a brief summary of the currentregulations, in situ experiments show the variability of the parameterscharacterizing the main phenomena (wave propagation into the soil, inducedvibrations, etc). The main dynamic laboratory experiments are then discussed.They allow the estimation of the dynamic features of the materials (e.g.resonant column test), but also a simplified analysis of the main phenomenaunder controlled conditions (e.g. experiments in a geotechnical pit, centrifugetests). The vibratory sources and the impedance ratios between the various soillayers (or some inclusions) being known, it is then possible to model somespecific or actual configurations through theoretical (transfer functions) ornumerical (e.g. finite elements, boundary elements) methods. Parametric studiesallow the analysis of the propagation phenomena and the attenuation process inthe soil in order to investigate the spatial variations of the vibrationsamplitude in such various configurations. Finally, it may be useful to considermitigation or isolation techniques in order to limit the consequences of theinduced vibrations (e.g. vibratory nuisances, radiated noise). Severalexperimental and numerical results illustrate this key issue.
Accelerating consensus on co-evolving networks: the effect of committed  individuals	2011	Social networks are not static but rather constantly evolve in time. One ofthe elements thought to drive the evolution of social network structure ishomophily - the need for individuals to connect with others who are similar tothem. In this paper, we study how the spread of a new opinion, idea, orbehavior on such a homophily-driven social network is affected by the changingnetwork structure. In particular, using simulations, we study a variant of theAxelrod model on a network with a homophilic rewiring rule imposed. First, wefind that the presence of homophilic rewiring within the network, in general,impedes the reaching of consensus in opinion, as the time to reach consensusdiverges exponentially with network size $N$. We then investigate whether theintroduction of committed individuals who are rigid in their opinion on aparticular issue, can speed up the convergence to consensus on that issue. Wedemonstrate that as committed agents are added, beyond a critical value of thecommitted fraction, the consensus time growth becomes logarithmic in networksize $N$. Furthermore, we show that slight changes in the interaction rule canproduce strikingly different results in the scaling behavior of $T_c$. However,the benefit gained by introducing committed agents is qualitatively preservedacross all the interaction rules we consider.
Possible lattice approach to B to D pi (K) matrix elements	2011	We present an approach for computing the real parts of the nonleptonic B toDP and B to D-bar P (P=K,pi) decay amplitudes by using lattice QCD methods.While it remains very challenging to calculate the imaginary parts of thesematrix elements on the lattice, we stress that their real parts play asignificant role in extracting the angle gamma in the b-d unitarity triangle ofthe CKM matrix. The real part on its own gives a lower bound to the absolutemagnitude of the amplitude which is in itself an important constraint fordetermining gamma. Also the relevant phase can be obtained by using B-decays inconjunction with relevant charm decay data. Direct four-point functioncalculations on the lattice, while computationally demanding, does yield thereal part as that is not impeded by the Maiani-Testa theorem. As anapproximation, we argue that the chiral expansion of these decays is valid in aframework similar to that of hard-pion chiral perturbation theory. In additionto constructing the leading-order operators, we also discuss the features ofthe next-to-leading order chiral expansion. These include the contributionsfrom the resonance states, as well as the generic forms of the chirallogarithms.
The effect of compressive strain on the Raman modes of the dry and  hydrated BaCe0.8Y0.2O3 proton conductor	2011	The BaCe0.8Y0.2O3-{\delta} proton conductor under hydration and undercompressive strain has been analyzed with high pressure Raman spectroscopy andhigh pressure x-ray diffraction. The pressure dependent variation of the Ag andB2g bending modes from the O-Ce-O unit is suppressed when the proton conductoris hydrated, affecting directly the proton transfer by locally changing theelectron density of the oxygen ions. Compressive strain causes a hardening ofthe Ce-O stretching bond. The activation barrier for proton conductivity israised, in line with recent findings using high pressure and high temperatureimpedance spectroscopy. The increasing Raman frequency of the B1g and B3g modesthus implies that the phonons become hardened and increase the vibration energyin the a-c crystal plane upon compressive strain, whereas phonons are relaxedin the b-axis, and thus reveal softening of the Ag and B2g modes. Latticetoughening in the a-c crystal plane raises therefore a higher activationbarrier for proton transfer and thus anisotropic conductivity. The experimentalfindings of the interaction of protons with the ceramic host lattice underexternal strain may provide a general guideline for yet to develop epitaxialstrained proton conducting thin film systems with high proton mobility and lowactivation energy.
The Outer Limits of Galaxy Clusters: Observations to the Virial Radius  with Suzaku, XMM, and Chandra	2011	The outskirts of galaxy clusters, near the virial radius, remain relativelyunexplored territory and yet are vital to our understanding of cluster growth,structure, and mass. In this presentation, we show the first results from aprogram to constrain the state of the outer intracluster medium (ICM) in alarge sample of galaxy clusters, exploiting the strengths of threecomplementary X-ray observatories: Suzaku (low, stable background), XMM-Newton(high sensitivity), and Chandra (good spatial resolution). By carefullycombining observations from the cluster core to beyond r_200, we are able toidentify and reduce systematic uncertainties that would impede our spatial andspectral analysis using a single telescope. Our sample comprises nine clustersat z ~ 0.1-0.2 fully covered in azimuth to beyond r_200, and our analysisindicates that the ICM is not in hydrostatic equilibrium in the clusteroutskirts, where we see clear azimuthal variations in temperature and surfacebrightness. In one of the clusters, we are able to measure the diffuse X-rayemission well beyond r_200, and we find that the entropy profile and the gasfraction are consistent with expectations from theory and numericalsimulations. These results stand in contrast to recent studies which point togas clumping in the outskirts; the extent to which differences of clusterenvironment or instrumental effects factor in this difference remains unclear.From a broader perspective, this project will produce a sizeable fiducial dataset for detailed comparison with high-resolution numerical simulations.
Intrinsic phonon effects on analog quantum simulators with ultracold  trapped ions	2011	"Linear Paul traps have been used recently to simulate the transverse fieldIsing model with long-range spin-spin couplings. We study the intrinsic effectsof phonon creation (from the initial phonon ground state) on the spin-stateprobability and spin entanglement for such quantum spin simulators. While ithas often been assumed that phonon effects are benign because they play no rolein the pure Ising model, they can play a significant role when a transversefield is added to the model. We use a many-body factorization of the quantumtime-evolution operator of the system, adiabatic perturbation theory and exactnumerical integration of the Schr\""odinger equation in a truncated spin-phononHilbert space followed by a tracing out of the phonon degrees of freedom tostudy this problem. We find that moderate phonon creation often makes theprobabilities of different spin states behave differently from the static spinHamiltonian. In circumstances in which phonon creation is minor, the spindynamics state probabilities converge to the static spin Hamiltonian predictionat the cost of reducing the spin entanglement. We show how phonon creation canseverely impede the observation of kink transitions in frustrated spin systemswhen the number of ions increases. Many of our results also have implicationsfor quantum simulation in a Penning trap."
Thermal spin current and magnetothermopower by Seebeck spin tunneling	2011	The recently observed Seebeck spin tunneling, the thermoelectric analog ofspin-polarized tunneling, is described. The fundamental origin is the spindependence of the Seebeck coefficient of a tunnel junction with at least oneferromagnetic electrode. Seebeck spin tunneling creates a thermal flow ofspin-angular momentum across a tunnel barrier without a charge tunnel current.In ferromagnet/insulator/semiconductor tunnel junctions this can be used toinduce a spin accumulation (\Delta \mu) in the semiconductor in response to atemperature difference (\Delta T) between the electrodes. A phenomenologicalframework is presented to describe the thermal spin transport in terms ofparameters that can be obtained from experiment or theory. Key ingredients area spin-polarized thermoelectric tunnel conductance and a tunnel spinpolarization with non-zero energy derivative, resulting in different Seebecktunnel coefficients for majority and minority spin electrons. We evaluate thethermal spin current, the induced spin accumulation and \Delta\mu/\Delta T,discuss limiting regimes, and compare thermal and electrical flow of spinacross a tunnel barrier. A salient feature is that the thermally-induced spinaccumulation is maximal for smaller tunnel resistance, in contrast to theelectrically-induced spin accumulation that suffers from the impedance mismatchbetween a ferromagnetic metal and a semiconductor. The thermally-induced spinaccumulation produces an additional thermovoltage proportional to \Delta\mu,which can significantly enhance the conventional charge thermopower. Owing tothe Hanle effect, the thermopower can also be manipulated with a magneticfield, producing a Hanle magnetothermopower.
Strengthening the Open Cluster Distance Scale via VVV Photometry	2011	Approximately 14% of known Galactic open clusters possess absolute errors 20%as evaluated from n>3 independent distance estimates, and the statistics forage estimates are markedly worse. That impedes such diverse efforts ascalibrating standard candles and constraining masses for substellar companions.New data from the VVV survey may be employed to establish precise clusterdistances with comparatively reduced uncertainties (<10%). This is illustratedby deriving parameters for Pismis 19 and NGC 4349, two pertinent open clusterswhich hitherto feature sizable uncertainties (60%). Fundamental parametersdetermined for Pismis 19 from new VVV JHKs photometry are d=2.40+-0.15 kpc,<E(J-H)>=0.34+-0.04, and log(t)=9.05+-0.10, whereas for NGC 4349 the analysisyielded d=1.63+-0.13 kpc, E(J-H)=0.09+-0.02, log(t)=8.55+-0.10. The resultsexhibit a significant (>5x) reduction in uncertainties, and indicate that: i)existing parameters for the substellar object NGC 4349 127b require revision,in part because the new cluster parameters imply that the host is 20%less-massive (M*/Ms~3.1); ii) R Cru is not a member of NGC 4349 and should beexcluded from period-Wesenheit calibrations that anchor the distance scale;iii) and results for Pismis 19 underscore the advantages gleaned from employingdeep VVV JHKs data to examine obscured (Av~4) and differentially reddenedintermediate-age clusters.
CrasyDSE: A framework for solving Dyson-Schwinger equations	2011	Dyson-Schwinger equations are important tools for non-perturbative analysesof quantum field theories. For example, they are very useful for investigationsin quantum chromodynamics and related theories. However, sometimes progress isimpeded by the complexity of the equations. Thus automatizing parts of thecalculations will certainly be helpful in future investigations. In thisarticle we present a framework for such an automatization based on a C++ codethat can deal with a large number of Green functions. Since also the creationof the expressions for the integrals of the Dyson-Schwinger equations needs tobe automatized, we defer this task to a Mathematica notebook. We illustrate thecomplete workflow with an example from Yang-Mills theory coupled to afundamental scalar field that has been investigated recently. As a secondexample we calculate the propagators of pure Yang-Mills theory. Our code canserve as a basis for many further investigations where the equations are toocomplicated to tackle by hand. It also can easily be combined with DoFun, aprogram for the derivation of Dyson-Schwinger equations.
Chaotic mixing and the secular evolution of triaxial cuspy galaxy models  built with Schwarzschild's method	2012	We use both N-body simulations and integration in fixed potentials to explorethe stability and the long-term secular evolution of self-consistent,equilibrium, non-rotating, triaxial spheroidal galactic models. Morespecifically, we consider Dehnen models built with the Schwarzschild method. Weshow that short-term stability depends on the degree of velocity anisotropy(radially anisotropic models are subject to rapid development of radial-orbitinstability). Long-term stability, on the other hand, depends mainly on theproperties of the potential, and in particular, on whether it admits asubstantial fraction of strongly chaotic orbits. We show that in the case of aweak density cusp (gamma=1 Dehnen model) the N-body model is remarkably stable,while the strong-cusp (gamma=2) model exhibits substantial evolution of shapeaway from triaxiality, which we attribute to the effect of chaotic diffusion oforbits. The different behaviour of these two cases originates from thedifferent phase space structure of the potential; in the weak-cusp case thereexist numerous resonant orbit families that impede chaotic diffusion. We alsofind that it is hardly possible to affect the rate of this evolution byaltering the fraction of chaotic orbits in the Schwarzschild model, which isexplained by the fact that the chaotic properties of an orbit are not preservedby the N-body evolution. There are, however, parameters in Schwarzschildmodelling that do affect the stability of an N-body model, so we discuss therecipes how to build a `good' Schwarzschild model.
One-channel conductor coupled to a quantum of resistance: exact ac  conductance and finite-frequency noise	2012	"We consider a one-channel coherent conductor with a good transmissionembedded into an ohmic environment whose impedance is equal to the quantum ofresistance R_q=h/e^2 below the RC frequency. This choice is motivated by themapping of this problem to a Tomonaga-Luttinger liquid with one impurity whoseinteraction parameter corresponds to the specific value K=1/2, allowing for arefermionization procedure. The ""new"" fermions have an energy-dependenttransmission amplitude which incorporates the strong correlation effects andyields the exact dc current and zero-frequency noise through expressionssimilar to those of the scattering approach. We recall and discuss theseresults for our present purpose. Then we compute, for the first time, thefinite-frequency differential conductance and the finite-frequencynon-symmetrized noise. Contrary to intuitive expectation, both cannot beexpressed within the scattering approach for the new fermions, even though theyare still determined by the transmission amplitude. Even more, thefinite-frequency conductance obeys an exact relation in terms of the dc currentwhich is similar to that derived perturbatively with respect to weak tunnelingwithin the Tien-Gordon theory, and extended recently to arbitrary stronglyinteracting systems coupled eventually to an environment or/and with afractional charge. We also show that the emission excess noise vanishes exactlyabove eV, even though the underlying Tomonaga-Luttinger liquid modelcorresponds to a many-body correlated system. Our results apply for all rangesof temperature, voltages and frequencies below the RC frequency, and they allowto explore fully the quantum regime."
Local Routing in Graphs Embedded on Surfaces of Arbitrary Genus	2012	We present a local routing algorithm which guarantees delivery in allconnected graphs embedded on a known surface of genus $g$. The algorithmtransports $O(g\log n)$ memory and finishes in time $O(g^2n^2)$, where $n$ isthe size of the graph. It requires access to a homology basis for the surface.This algorithm, GFR, may be viewed as a suitable generalization of Face Routing(FR), the well-known algorithm for plane graphs, which we previously showeddoes {\it not} guarantee delivery in graphs embedded on positive genussurfaces. The problem for such surfaces is the potential presence ofhomologically non-trivial closed walks which may be traversed by the right-handrule. We use an interesting mathematical property of homology bases (proven inLemma \ref{lem:connectFaceBdr}) to show that such walks will not impede GFR. FRis at the base of most routing algorithms used in modern (2D) ad hoc networks:these algorithms all involve additional local techniques to deal withedge-crossings so FR may be applied. GFR should be viewed in the same light, asa base algorithm which could for example be tailored to sensor networks onsurfaces in 3D. Currently there are no known efficient local, logarithmicmemory algorithms for 3D ad hoc networks. From a theoretical point of view ourwork suggests that the efficiency advantages from which FR benefits are relatedto the codimension one nature of an embedded graph in a surface rather than theflatness of that surface (planarity).
Neural Network Model for Path-Planning of Robotic Rover Systems	2012	Today, robotics is an auspicious and fast-growing branch of technology thatinvolves the manufacturing, design, and maintenance of robot machines that canoperate in an autonomous fashion and can be used in a wide variety ofapplications including space exploration, weaponry, household, andtransportation. More particularly, in space applications, a common type ofrobots has been of widespread use in the recent years. It is called planetaryrover which is a robot vehicle that moves across the surface of a planet andconducts detailed geological studies pertaining to the properties of thelanding cosmic environment. However, rovers are always impeded by obstaclesalong the traveling path which can destabilize the rover's body and prevent itfrom reaching its goal destination. This paper proposes an ANN model thatallows rover systems to carry out autonomous path-planning to successfullynavigate through challenging planetary terrains and follow their goal locationwhile avoiding dangerous obstacles. The proposed ANN is a multilayer networkmade out of three layers: an input, a hidden, and an output layer. The networkis trained in offline mode using back-propagation supervised learningalgorithm. A software-simulated rover was experimented and it revealed that itwas able to follow the safest trajectory despite existing obstacles. As futurework, the proposed ANN is to be parallelized so as to speed-up the executiontime of the training process.
The origin of gate hysteresis in p-type Si-doped AlGaAs/GaAs  heterostructures	2012	Gate instability/hysteresis in modulation-doped p-type AlGaAs/GaAsheterostructures impedes the development of nanoscale hole devices, which areof interest for topics from quantum computing to novel spin physics. We presentan extended study conducted using custom-grown, matched modulation-doped n-typeand p-type heterostructures, with/without insulated gates, aimed atunderstanding the origin of the hysteresis. We show the hysteresis is not dueto the inherent `leakiness' of gates on p-type heterostructures, as commonlybelieved. Instead, hysteresis arises from a combination of GaAs surface-statetrapping and charge migration in the doping layer. Our results provide insightsinto the physics of Si acceptors in AlGaAs/GaAs heterostructures, includingwidely-debated acceptor complexes such as Si-X. We propose methods formitigating the gate hysteresis, including poisoning the modulation-doping layerwith deep-trapping centers (e.g., by co-doping with transition metal species),and replacing the Schottky gates with degenerately-doped semiconductor gates toscreen the conducting channel from GaAs surface-states.
Temporal Evolution of Velocity and Magnetic Field in and around Umbral  Dots	2012	"We study the temporal evolution of umbral dots (UDs) using measurements fromthe CRISP imaging spectropolarimeter at the Swedish 1-m Solar Telescope. Scansof the magnetically sensitive 630 nm iron lines were performed under stableatmospheric conditions for 71 min with a cadence of 63 s. These observationsallow us to investigate the magnetic field and velocity in and around UDs at aresolution approaching 0.13"". From the analysis of 339 UDs, we draw thefollowing conclusions: (1)UDs show clear hints of upflows, as predicted bymagnetohydrodynamic (MHD) simulations. By contrast, we could not findsystematic downflow signals. Only in very deep layers we detect localizeddownflows around UDs, but they do not persist in time. (2) We confirm that UDsexhibit weaker and more inclined fields than their surroundings, as reportedpreviously. However, UDs that have strong fields above 2000 G or are in thedecay phase show enhanced and more vertical fields. (3)There are enhancedfields at the migration front of UDs detached from penumbral grains, as iftheir motion were impeded by the ambient field. (4) Long-lived UDs travellonger distances with slower proper motions. Our results appear to confirm someaspects of recent numerical simulations of magnetoconvection in the umbra(e.g., the existence of upflows in UDs), but not others (e.g., the systematicweakening of the magnetic field at the position of UDs.)"
Stereo Acoustic Perception based on Real Time Video Acquisition for  Navigational Assistance	2012	A smart navigation system (an Electronic Travel Aid) based on an objectdetection mechanism has been designed to detect the presence of obstacles thatimmediately impede the path, by means of real time video processing. Thealgorithm can be used for any general purpose navigational aid. This paper isdiscussed, keeping in mind the navigation of the visually impaired, and is notlimited to the same. A video camera feeds images of the surroundings to a Da-Vinci Digital Media Processor, DM642, which works on the video, frame by frame.The processor carries out image processing techniques whose result containsinformation about the object in terms of image pixels. The algorithm aims toselect the object which, among all others, poses maximum threat to thenavigation. A database containing a total of three sounds is constructed.Hence, each image translates to a beep, where every beep informs the navigatorof the obstacles directly in front of him. This paper implements an algorithmthat is more efficient as compared to its predecessors.
A stable FSI algorithm for light rigid bodies in compressible flow	2012	In this article we describe a stable partitioned algorithm that overcomes theadded mass instability arising in fluid-structure interactions of light rigidbodies and inviscid compressible flow. The new algorithm is stable even forbodies with zero mass and zero moments of inertia. The approach is based on alocal characteristic projection of the force on the rigid body and is a naturalextension of the recently developed algorithm for coupling compressible flowand deformable bodies. Normal mode analysis is used to prove the stability ofthe approximation for a one-dimensional model problem and numericalcomputations confirm these results. In multiple space dimensions the approachnaturally reveals the form of the added mass tensors in the equations governingthe motion of the rigid body. These tensors, which depend on certain surfaceintegrals of the fluid impedance, couple the translational and angularvelocities of the body. Numerical results in two space dimensions, based on theuse of moving overlapping grids and adaptive mesh refinement, demonstrate thebehavior and efficacy of the new scheme. These results include the simulationof the difficult problem of a shock impacting an ellipse of zero mass.
The Opacity of the Intergalactic Medium During Reionization: Resolving  Small-Scale Structure	2012	Early in the reionization process, the intergalactic medium (IGM) would havebeen quite inhomogeneous on small scales, due to the low Jeans mass in theneutral IGM and the hierarchical growth of structure in a cold dark matterUniverse. This small-scale structure acted as an important sink during theepoch of reionization, impeding the progress of the ionization fronts thatswept out from the first sources of ionizing radiation. Here we present resultsof high-resolution cosmological hydrodynamics simulations that resolve thecosmological Jeans mass of the neutral IGM in representative volumes severalMpc across. The adiabatic hydrodynamics we follow are appropriate in anunheated IGM, before the gas has had a chance to respond to the photoionizationheating. Our focus is determination of the resolution required in cosmologicalsimulations in order to sufficiently sample and resolve small-scale structureregulating the opacity of an unheated IGM. We find that a dark matter particlemass of m_dm < 50 Msun and box size of L > 1 Mpc are required. With ourconverged results we show how the mean free path of ionizing radiation andclumping factor of ionized hydrogen depends upon the ultraviolet background(UVB) flux and redshift. We find, for example at z = 10, clumping factorstypically of 10 to 20 for an ionization rate of Gamma ~ 0.3 - 3 x 1e-12 s^-1,with corresponding mean free paths of ~ 3 - 15 Mpc, extending previous work onthe evolving mean free path to considerably smaller scales and earlier times.
Ionization by bulk heating of electrons in capacitive radio frequency  atmospheric pressure microplasmas	2012	"Electron heating and ionization dynamics in capacitively coupled radiofrequency (RF) atmospheric pressure microplasmas operated in helium areinvestigated by Particle in Cell simulations and semi-analytical modeling. Astrong heating of electrons and ionization in the plasma bulk due to high bulkelectric fields are observed at distinct times within the RF period. Based onthe model the electric field is identified to be a drift field caused by a lowelectrical conductivity due to the high electron-neutral collision frequency atatmospheric pressure. Thus, the ionization is mainly caused by ohmic heating inthis ""Omega-mode"". The phase of strongest bulk electric field and ionization isaffected by the driving voltage amplitude. At high amplitudes, the plasmadensity is high, so that the sheath impedance is comparable to the bulkresistance. Thus, voltage and current are about 45{\deg} out of phase andmaximum ionization is observed during sheath expansion with local maxima at thesheath edges. At low driving voltages, the plasma density is low and thedischarge becomes more resistive resulting in a smaller phase shift of about4{\deg}. Thus, maximum ionization occurs later within the RF period with amaximum in the discharge center. Significant analogies to electronegative lowpressure macroscopic discharges operated in the Drift-Ambipolar mode are found,where similar mechanisms induced by a high electronegativity instead of a highcollision frequency have been identified."
The logical clarinet: numerical optimization of the geometry of woodwind  instruments	2012	The tone hole geometry of a clarinet is optimized numerically. The instrumentis modeled as a network of one dimensional transmission line elements. For each(non-fork) fingering, we first calculate the resonance frequencies of the inputimpedance peaks, and compare them with the frequencies of a mathematically evenchromatic scale (equal temperament). A least square algorithm is then used tominimize the differences and to derive the geometry of the instrument. Varioussituations are studied, with and without dedicated register hole and/orenlargement of the bore. With a dedicated register hole, the differences canremain less than 10 musical cents throughout the whole usual range of aclarinet. The positions, diameters and lengths of the chimneys vary regularlyover the whole length of the instrument, in contrast with usual clarinets.Nevertheless, we recover one usual feature of instruments, namely thatgradually larger tone holes occur when the distance to the reed increases. Afully chromatic prototype instrument has been built to check thesecalculations, and tested experimentally with an artificial blowing machine,providing good agreement with the numerical predictions.
Photorealistic ray tracing of free-space invisibility cloaks made of  uniaxial dielectrics	2012	The design rules of transformation optics generally lead to spatiallyinhomogeneous and anisotropic impedance-matched magneto-dielectric materialdistributions for, e.g., free-space invisibility cloaks. Recently, simplifiedanisotropic non-magnetic free-space cloaks made of a locally uniaxialdielectric material (calcite) have been realized experimentally. In atwo-dimensional setting and for in-plane polarized light propagating in thisplane, the cloaking performance can still be perfect for light rays. However,for general views in three dimensions, various imperfections are expected. Inthis paper, we study two different purely dielectric uniaxial cylindricalfree-space cloaks. For one, the optic axis is along the radial direction, forthe other one it is along the azimuthal direction. The azimuthal uniaxial cloakhas not been suggested previously to the best of our knowledge. We visualizethe cloaking performance of both by calculating photorealistic images renderedby ray tracing. Following and complementing our previous ray-tracing work, weuse an equation of motion directly derived from Fermats principle. The renderedimages generally exhibit significant imperfections. This includes the obviousfact that cloaking does not work at all for horizontal or for ordinary linearpolarization of light. Moreover, more subtle effects occur such asviewing-angle-dependent aberrations. However, we still find amazingly goodcloaking performance for the purely dielectric azimuthal uniaxial cloak.
Global and local synthetic descriptions of the piano soundboard	2012	Up to around 1.1 kHz, the soundboard of the piano behaves like a homogeneousplate whereas upper in frequency, it can be described as a set of waveguidesdefined by the ribs. In consequence: a) The acoustical coincidence phenomenonis deeply modified in comparison with that occurring in homogeneous platessince the dispersion curve of a waveguide can present none, one, or twocoincidence frequencies. This may result in a nonuniformity of the soundboardradiation in the treble range, corresponding to the so-called killer octave,where a good sustain is difficult to obtain. b) The mobility (mechanicaladmittance) in the direction normal to the soundboard can be synthesised withonly a small number of parameters. It compares well with published measurements(Giordano, JASA, 1998), in particular the step-like falloff of the localimpedance due to the localisation of the waves between ribs. c) The synthesisedmobility has the same features as those which can be derived independantly,according to Skudrzyk (JASA, 1980) and Langley (JSV, 1994). This approachavoids the detailed description of the soundboard, based on a very large numberof parameters. It can be used to predict global changes of the driving pointmobility, and possibly of the sound radiation in the treble range, resultingfrom structural modifications.
FuturICT - The Road towards Ethical ICT	2012	The pervasive use of information and communication technology (ICT) in modernsocieties enables countless opportunities for individuals, institutions,businesses and scientists, but also raises difficult ethical and socialproblems. In particular, ICT helped to make societies more complex and thusharder to understand, which impedes social and political interventions to avoidharm and to increase the common good. To overcome this obstacle, thelarge-scale EU flagship proposal FuturICT intends to create a platform foraccessing global human knowledge as a public good and instruments to increaseour understanding of the information society by making use of ICT-basedresearch. In this contribution, we outline the ethical justification for suchan endeavor. We argue that the ethical issues raised by FuturICT researchprojects overlap substantially with many of the known ethical problems emergingfrom ICT use in general. By referring to the notion of Value Sensitive Design,we show for the example of privacy how this core value of responsible ICT canbe protected in pursuing research in the framework of FuturICT. In addition, wediscuss further ethical issues and outline the institutional design of FuturICTallowing to address them.
Untersuchungen zur Sprechtraktakustik	2013	This thesis investigates acoustic properties of the vocal tract. Startingfrom a historical background (to name a few: Galen, Ibn Sina/Avicenna,Mersenne, Hooke, Euler, Kempelen, Abbe Mical, Kratzenstein, Wheatstone,Helmholtz, Riesz, Dudley, Dunn, Kelly, Lochbaum, Chiba, Kajiyama, Saito,Itakura, Burg, Gray...) finaly an improvement in respect to the tube model ofthe vocal tract is developed: The acoustics of vocal tract is numericalsimulated in 3 dimensions with Finite-difference in time-domain (FDTD) appliedon an oral-cavity spatially constructed by parameter estimation of speechsignals and laterally by MRI (Magnet Resonance Imaging). Further, the FDTD isapplied on the acoustics of the nasal tract, including paranasal cavities. Thespatial properties of the nasal tract are drawn for CT (Computer Tomographies).It is shown, that the (absolute) cross section area influences the resonancecharateritic of the vocal tract significant, further the actual shape of thecross section introduces zeros in the transfer functions. The shape can beapproximated by an elliptical contour, and a 2 dimensional FDTD approach isdiscussed. Important absorption machanism are modeled, and a method totranslate the hounsfield-value of a voxel to an acoustic impedance, is shown,which leads to a more accurate simulation. The thesis further elucidates someaspects of a numerical efficient FDTD-implementation.
Non-conventional Anderson localization in a matched quarter stack with  metamaterials	2013	We study the problem of non-conventional Anderson localization emerging inbilayer periodic-on-average structures with alternating layers of materialswith positive and negative refraction indices $n_a$ and $n_b$. Main attentionis paid to the model of the so-called quarter stack with perfectly matchedlayers (the same unperturbed by disorder impedances, $Z_a=Z_b$, and opticalpath lengths, $n_ad_a=|n_b| d_b$, with $d_a$, $d_b$ being the thicknesses ofbasic layers). As was recently numerically discovered, in such structures withweak fluctuations of refractive indices (compositional disorder) thelocalization length $L_{loc}$ is enormously large in comparison with theconventional localization occurring in the structures with positive refractionindices only. In this paper we develop a new approach which allows us to derivethe expression for $L_{loc}$ for weak disorder and any wave frequency $\omega$.In the limit $\omega \rightarrow 0$ one gets a quite specific dependence,$L^{-1}_{loc}\propto\sigma^4\omega^8$ which is obtained within the fourth orderof perturbation theory. We also analyze the interplay between two types ofdisorder, when in addition to the fluctuations of $n_a$, $n_b$ the thicknesses$d_a$, $d_b$ slightly fluctuate as well (positional disorder). We show how theconventional localization recovers with an addition of positional disorder.
Nonlinear Inversion from Partial EIT Data: Computational Experiments	2013	Electrical impedance tomography (EIT) is a non-invasive imaging method inwhich an unknown physical body is probed with electric currents applied on theboundary, and the internal conductivity distribution is recovered from themeasured boundary voltage data. The reconstruction task is a nonlinear andill-posed inverse problem, whose solution calls for special regularizedalgorithms, such as D-bar methods which are based on complex geometrical opticssolutions (CGOs). In many applications of EIT, such as monitoring the heart andlungs of unconscious intensive care patients or locating the focus of anepileptic seizure, data acquisition on the entire boundary of the body isimpractical, restricting the boundary area available for EIT measurements. Anextension of the D-bar method to the case when data is collected only on asubset of the boundary is studied by computational simulation. The approach isbased on solving a boundary integral equation for the traces of the CGOs usinglocalized basis functions (Haar wavelets). The numerical evidence suggests thatthe D-bar method can be applied to partial-boundary data in dimension two andthat the traces of the partial data CGOs approximate the full data CGOsolutions on the available portion of the boundary, for the necessary small $k$frequencies.
Resistance switching in oxides with inhomogeneous conductivity	2013	Electric-field-induced resistance switching (RS) phenomena have been studiedfor over 60 years in metal/dielectrics/metal structures. In these experiments awide range of dielectrics have been studied including binary transition metaloxides, perovskite oxides, chalcogenides, carbon- and silicon-based materials,as well as organic materials. RS phenomena can be used to store information andoffer an attractive performance, which encompasses fast switching speeds, highscalability, and the desirable compatibility with Si-basedcomplementary-metal-oxide-semiconductor fabrication. This is promising fornonvolatile memory technology, i.e. resistance random access memory (RRAM).However, a comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanism is stilllacking. This impedes a faster product development as well as an accurateassessment of the device performance potential. Generally speaking, RS occursnot in the entire dielectric but only a small, confined region, which resultsfrom the local variation of conductivity in dielectrics. In this review, wefocus on the RS in oxides with such an inhomogeneous conductivity. According tothe origin of the conductivity inhomogeneity, the RS phenomena and theirworking mechanism are reviewed by dividing them into two aspects: interface RS,based on the change of contact resistance at metal/oxide interface due to thechange of Schottky barrier and interface chemical layer, and bulk RS, realizedby the formation, connection, and disconnection of conductive channels in theoxides. Finally the current challenges of RS investigation and the potentialimprovement of the RS performance for the nonvolatile memories are discussed.
Universal K-matrix distribution in beta=2 Ensembles of Random Matrices	2013	"The K-matrix, also known as the ""Wigner reaction matrix"" in nuclearscattering or ""impedance matrix"" in the electromagnetic wave scattering, isgiven essentially by an M x M diagonal block of the resolvent (E-H)^{-1} of aHamiltonian H. For chaotic quantum systems the Hamiltonian H can be modelled byrandom Hermitian N x N matrices taken from invariant ensembles with the Dysonsymmetry index beta=1,2,4. For beta=2 we prove by explicit calculation auniversality conjecture by P. Brouwer which is equivalent to the claim that theprobability distribution of K, for a broad class of invariant ensembles ofrandom Hermitian matrices H, converges to a matrix Cauchy distribution withdensity ${\cal P}(K)\propto\left[\det{({\lambda}^2+(K-{\epsilon})^2)}\right]^{-M}$ in the limit $N\to\infty$, provided the parameter M is fixed and the spectral parameter E istaken within the support of the eigenvalue distribution of H. In particular, weshow that for a broad class of unitary invariant ensembles of random matricesfinite diagonal blocks of the resolvent are Cauchy distributed. The casesbeta=1 and beta=4 remain outstanding."
Graphene Based Plasmonic Tunable Low Pass Filters in the THz Band	2013	We propose the concept, synthesis, analysis, and design of graphene-basedplasmonic tunable low-pass filters operating in the THz band. The proposedstructure is composed of a graphene strip transferred onto a dielectric and aset of polysilicon DC gating pads located beneath it. This structure implementsa stepped impedance low-pass filter for the propagating surface plasmons byadequately controlling the guiding properties of each strip section throughgraphene's field effect. A synthesis procedure is presented to design filterswith desired specifications in terms of cut-off frequency, in-band performance,and rejection characteristics. The electromagnetic modeling of the structure isefficiently performed by combining an electrostatic scaling law to compute theguiding features of each strip section with a transmission line andtransfer-matrix framework, approach further validated via full wavesimulations. The performance of the proposed filters is evaluated in practicalscenarios, taking into account the presence of the gating bias and theinfluence of graphene's losses. These results, together with the highminiaturization associated with plasmonic propagation, are very promising forthe future use and integration of the proposed filters with other graphene andsilicon-based elements in innovative THz communication systems.
Fabrication and modeling of piezoelectric transducers for High-Frequency  medical imaging	2013	We have studied the processing of piezoelectric thick films usingelectrophoretic deposition (EPD) for high-frequency ultrasound applications.Lead-zirconium-titanate (PZT) particles synthetized by solid states synthesiswere dispersed in ethanol using ammonium polyacrylate (PAA). Theelectrophoretic deposition of PZT particles was performed at a constant-currentmode. PZT thick-films deposited at 1 mA for 60 seconds were sintered at 900oCfor 2 hours in a PbO-controlled atmosphere. The scanning-electron microscopy(SEM) analysis shows that the thickness of PZT layer is uniform and that thepores are homogeneously distributed within the layer. The complex electricalimpedance was measured and fitted by KLM scheme in order to deduce thedielectric, mechanical and piezoelectric parameters of the thick-films. Thedensity and thickness of PZT thick films are used as inputs and the thicknesscoupling factor kt, dielectric constant at constant strain and resonantfrequency are deduced. The results show that homogeneous PZT thick-filmstructures with tailored thickness and density prepared by EPD and sinteringhaving a resonant frequency around 20 MHz can be used for noninvasive medicalultrasound imaging and diagnostics.
Intrinsic Optical Properties and Enhanced Plasmonic Response of  Epitaxial Silver	2013	Plasmonics offers an enticing platform to manipulate light at thesubwavelength scale. Currently, loss represents the most serious challengeimpeding its progress and broad impact towards practical technology. In thisregard, silver (Ag) is by far the preferred plasmonic material at opticalfrequencies, having the lowest loss among all metals in this frequency range.However, large discrepancies exist among widely quoted values of optical lossin Ag due to variations in sample preparation procedures that produceuncontrollable grain boundaries and defects associated with additional loss. Anatural question arises: what are the intrinsic fundamental optical propertiesof Ag and its ultimate possibilities in the field of plasmonics? Usingatomically-smooth epitaxial Ag films, we extracted new optical constants thatreflect significantly reduced loss and measured greatly enhanced propagationdistance of surface plasmon polaritons (SPPs) beyond what was previouslyconsidered possible. By establishing a new benchmark in the ultimate opticalproperties of Ag, these results will have a broad impact for metamaterials andplasmonic applications.
The Summary for Optimization of the Annular Coupled Structure  Accelerating Module Physical Design for High Intensity Hadron Linac	2013	The normal conducting Annular Coupled Structure (ACS) is applied for 190-400MeV part of high intensity proton linac for the J-PARC. The ACS operatingfrequency is 972 MHz. The J-PARC ACS is strongly based on the results ofprevious investigations, especially results of Japan Hadron Project (JHP)research program in KEK. However, the design was revised and optimized to meetthe requirements of reliability, operation efficiency and cost reduction. Thecells shape of accelerating cells was optimized in total energy range to havehigh shunt impedance value together with the careful matching with thedecreased coupling cells. The design of the bridge coupler cells was optimizedto simplify mass production and shape of RF input cell together with matchingwindow were optimized for higher operational reliability. Collected andadjusted all together, these modifications result in the significant effect.The ACS module design doesn't lose to another possible accelerating structuresin RF parameters and dimensions. Previously developed for L-band ACSfabrication technique is applied to 972 MHz ACS construction. The realizedsolutions have the reserve for ACS module use with very high heat loadingduring operations with 15% duty factor, the highest heat loading at presenttime, as compared to accelerating modules with another normal conductingaccelerating structures, realized in hadron linacs. This report contains thedescriptions and explanations of changes in the ACS module physical design forthe J-PARC linac.
Strong Ground Motion in the 2011 Tohoku Earthquake: a 1Directional -  3Component Modeling	2013	Local wave amplification due to strong seismic motions in surficialmultilayered soil is influenced by several parameters such as the wavefieldpolarization and the dynamic properties and impedance contrast between soillayers. The present research aims at investigating seismic motion amplificationin the 2011 Tohoku earthquake through a one-directional three-component (1D-3C)wave propagation model. A 3D nonlinear constitutive relation for dry soilsunder cyclic loading is implemented in a quadratic line finite element model.The soil rheology is modeled by mean of a multi-surface cyclic plasticity modelof the Masing-Prandtl-Ishlinskii-Iwan (MPII) type. Its major advantage is thatthe rheology is characterized by few commonly measured parameters. Groundmotions are computed at the surface of soil profiles in the Tohoku area (Japan)by propagating 3C signals recorded at rock outcrops, during the 2011 Tohokuearthquake. Computed surface ground motions are compared to the Tohokuearthquake records at alluvial sites and the reliability of the 1D-3C model iscorroborated. The 1D-3C approach is compared with the combination of threeseparate one-directional analyses of one motion component propagatedindependently (1D-1C approach). The 3D loading path due to the 3C-polarizationleads to multiaxial stress interaction that reduces soil strength and increasesnonlinear effects. Time histories and spectral amplitudes, for the Tohokuearthquake, are numerically reproduced. The 1D-3C approach allows theevaluation of various parameters of the 3C motion and 3D stress and strainevolution all over the soil profile.
Strong microwave absorption observed in dielectric La1.5Sr0.5NiO4  nanoparticles	2013	La$_{1.5}$Sr$_{0.5}$NiO$_4$ is well known to have a colossal dielectricconstant ($\varepsilon_R>10^7$). The La$_{1.5}$Sr$_{0.5}$NiO$_4$ nanoparticlepowder was prepared by a combinational method of solid state reaction andhigh-energy ball milling. Magnetic measurements show that the material has avery small magnetic moment and paramagnetic characteristic at room temperature.The mixture of the nanoparticle powder (40% vol.) and paraffin (60% vol.)coated in the form of flat layers of different thicknesses ($t$) exhibitsstrong microwave absorption resonances in the 4-18 GHz range. The reflectionloss ($RL$) decreases with $t$ and reaches down to -36.7 dB for $t=3.0$ mm. Theimpedance matching ($|Z|=Z_0=377$ $\Omega$), rather than the phase matchingmechanism, is found responsible for the resonance observed in the samples with$1<t\leq3.0$ mm. Further increase of the thickness leads to $|Z|>Z_0$ at allfrequencies and a reduced absorption. The influence of non-metal backing isalso discussed. Our observation suggests that La$_{1.5}$Sr$_{0.5}$NiO$_4$nanoparticles could be used as good fillers for high performance radarabsorbing material.
Timing of Pathogen Adaptation to a Multicomponent Treatment	2013	The sustainable use of multicomponent treatments such as combinationtherapies, combination vaccines/chemicals, and plants carrying multigenicresistance requires an understanding of how their population-wide deploymentaffects the speed of the pathogen adaptation. Here, we develop a stochasticmodel describing the emergence of a mutant pathogen and its dynamics in aheterogeneous host population split into various types by the managementstrategy. Based on a multi-type Markov birth and death process, the model canbe used to provide a basic understanding of how the life-cycle parameters ofthe pathogen population, and the controllable parameters of a managementstrategy affect the speed at which a pathogen adapts to a multicomponenttreatment. Our results reveal the importance of coupling stochastic mutationand migration processes, and illustrate how their stochasticity can alter ourview of the principles of managing pathogen adaptive dynamics at the populationlevel. In particular, we identify the growth and migration rates that allowpathogens to adapt to a multicomponent treatment even if it is deployed on onlysmall proportions of the host. In contrast to the accepted view, our modelsuggests that treatment durability should not systematically be identified withmutation cost. We show also that associating a multicomponent treatment withdefeated monocomponent treatments can be more durable than associating it withintermediate treatments including only some of the components. We conclude thatthe explicit modelling of stochastic processes underlying evolutionary dynamicscould help to elucidate the principles of the sustainable use of multicomponenttreatments in population-wide management strategies intended to impede theevolution of harmful populations.
Irradiation Tests and Expected Performance of Readout Electronics of the  ATLAS Hadronic Endcap Calorimeter for the HL-LHC	2013	The readout electronics of the ATLAS Hadronic Endcap Calorimeter (HEC) willhave to withstand an about 3-5 times larger radiation environment at the futurehigh-luminosity LHC (HLLHC) compared to their design values. The preamplifierand summing boards (PSBs), which are equipped with GaAs ASICs and comprise theheart of the readout electronics, were irradiated with neutrons and protonswith fluences surpassing several times ten years of operation of the HL-LHC.Neutron tests were performed at the NPI in Rez, Czech Republic, where a 36 MeVproton beam was directed on a thick heavy water target to produce neutrons. Theproton irradiation was done with 200 MeV protons at the PROSCAN area of theProton Irradiation Facility at the PSI in Villigen, Switzerland. In-situmeasurements of S-parameters in both tests allow the evaluation of frequencydependent performance parameters, like gain and input impedance, as a functionof fluence. The linearity of the ASIC response was measured directly in theneutron tests with a triangular input pulse of varying amplitude. The resultsobtained allow an estimation of the expected performance degradation of theHEC. For a possible replacement of the PSB chips, alternative technologies wereinvestigated and exposed to similar neutron radiation levels. In particular,IHP 250 nm Si CMOS technology has turned out to show good performance and matchthe specifications required. The performance measurements of the current PSBdevices, the expected performance degradations under HL-LHC conditions, andresults from alternative technologies will be presented.
Unraveling the Origin of Overionized Plasma in the Galactic Supernova  Remnant W49B	2013	Recent observations have shown several supernova remnants (SNRs) haveoverionized plasmas, those where ions are stripped of more electrons than theywould be if in equilibrium with the electron temperature. Rapid electroncooling is necessary to produce this situation, yet the physical origin of thatcooling remains uncertain. To assess the cooling scenario responsible foroverionization, in this paper, we identify and map the overionized plasma inthe Galactic SNR W49B based on a 220 ks Chandra Advanced CCD ImagingSpectrometer (ACIS) observation. We performed a spatially-resolvedspectroscopic analysis, measuring the electron temperature by modeling thecontinuum and comparing it to the temperature given by the flux ratio of theHe-like and H-like lines of sulfur and of argon. Using these results, we findthat W49B is overionized in the west, with a gradient of increasingoverionization from east to west. As the ejecta expansion is impeded bymolecular material in the east but not in the west, our overionization mapssuggest the dominant cooling mechanism is adiabatic expansion of the hotplasma.
Design and operations of load-tolerant external conjugate-T matching  system for the A2 ICRH antennas at JET	2013	A load-tolerant External Conjugate-T (ECT) impedance matching system for twoA2 Ion Cyclotron Resonance Heating (ICRH) antennas has been successfully putinto operation at JET. The system allows continuous injection of the RF powerinto plasma in the presence of strong antenna loading perturbations caused byEdge Localized Modes (ELMs). Reliable ECT performance has been demonstratedunder a variety of antenna loading conditions including H-mode plasmas withRadial Outer Gaps (ROG) in the range of 4-14 cm. The high resilience to ELMspredicted during the circuit simulations has been fully confirmedexperimentally. Dedicated arc detection techniques and real-time matchingalgorithms have been developed as a part of the ECT project. The new AdvancedWave Amplitude Comparison System (AWACS) has proven highly efficient indetection of arcs both between and during ELMs. The ECT system has allowed thedelivery of up to 4 MW of RF power without trips into plasmas with Type-I ELMs.Together with the 3dB system and the ITER-Like Antenna (ILA), the ECT hasbrought the total RF power coupled to ELMy plasma to over 8 MW, considerablyenhancing JET research capabilities. This paper provides an overview of the keydesign features of the ECT system and summarizes the main experimental resultsachieved so far.
Atomized Spraying of Liquid Metal Droplets on Desired Substrate Surfaces  as a Generalized Way for Ubiquitous Printed Electronics	2013	A direct electronics printing technique through atomized spraying forpatterning room temperature liquid metal droplets on desired substrate surfacesis proposed and experimentally demonstrated for the first time. This method hasgeneralized purpose and is highly flexible and capable of fabricatingelectronic components on any desired target objects, with either flat or roughsurfaces, made of different materials, or different orientations from 1-D to3-D geometrical configurations. With a pre-designed mask, the liquid metal inkcan be directly deposited on the substrate to form various specific patternswhich lead to the rapid prototyping of electronic devices. Further, extendedprinting strategies were also suggested to illustrate the adaptability of themethod such that the natural porous structure can be adopted to offer analternative way of making transparent conductive film with an opticaltransmittance of 47% and a sheet resistance of 5.167{\Omega}/O. Different fromthe former direct writing technology where large surface tension and pooradhesion between the liquid metal and the substrate often impede the flexibleprinting process, the liquid metal here no longer needs to be pre-oxidized toguarantee its applicability on target substrates. One critical mechanism wasfound as that the atomized liquid metal microdroplets can be quickly oxidizedin the air due to its large specific surface area, resulting in a significantincrease of the adhesive capacity and thus firm deposition of the ink to thesubstrate. This study established a generalized way for pervasively anddirectly printing electronics on various substrates which are expected to besignificant in a wide spectrum of electrical engineering areas.
Magnon radiation by moving Abrikosov vortices in ferromagnetic  superconductors and superconductor-ferromagnet multilayers	2013	In systems combining type-II superconductivity and magnetism thenon-stationary magnetic field of moving Abrikosov vortices may excite spinwaves, or magnons. This effect leads to the appearance of an additional dampingforce acting on the vortices. By solving the London and Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbertequations we calculate the magnetic moment induced force acting on vortices inferromagnetic superconductors and superconductor/ferromagnet superlattices. Ifthe vortices are driven by a dc force, magnon generation due to the Cherenkovresonance starts as the vortex velocity exceeds some threshold value. For anideal vortex lattice this leads to an anisotropic contribution to theresistivity and to the appearance of resonance peaks on the current voltagecharacteristics. For a disordered vortex array the current will exhibit astep-like increase at some critical voltage. If the vortices are driven by anac force with a frequency \omega, the interaction with magnetic moments willlead to a frequency-dependent magnetic contribution \eta_M to the vortexviscosity. If \omega is below the ferromagnetic resonance frequency \omega_F,vortices acquire additional inertia. For \omega > \omega_F dissipation isenhanced due to magnon generation. The viscosity \eta_M can be extracted fromthe surface impedance of the ferromagnetic superconductor. Estimates of themagnetic force acting on vortices for the U-based ferromagnetic superconductorsand cuprate/manganite superlattices are given.
All Weather Calibration of Wide Field Optical and NIR Surveys	2013	The science goals for ground-based large-area surveys, such as the DarkEnergy Survey, Pan-STARRS, and the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, requirecalibration of broadband photometry that is stable in time and uniform over thesky to precisions of a per cent or better. This performance will need to beachieved with data taken over the course of many years, and often in less thanideal conditions. This paper describes a strategy to achieve precise internalcalibration of imaging survey data taken in less than photometric conditions,and reports results of an observational study of the techniques needed toimplement this strategy. We find that images of celestial fields used in thiscase study with stellar densities of order one per arcmin-squared and takenthrough cloudless skies can be calibrated with relative precision of 0.5 percent (reproducibility). We report measurements of spatial structure functionsof cloud absorption observed over a range of atmospheric conditions, and findit possible to achieve photometric measurements that are reproducible to 1 percent in images that were taken through cloud layers that transmit as little as25 per cent of the incident optical flux (1.5 magnitudes of extinction). Wefind, however, that photometric precision below 1 per cent is impeded by thethinnest detectable cloud layers. We comment on implications of these resultsfor the observing strategies of future surveys.
Effects of thermal treatment on radiative properties of HVPE grown InP  layers	2013	Radiative efficiency of highly luminescent bulk InP wafers severely degradesupon heat treatment involved in epitaxial growth of quaternary layers andfabrication of photodiodes on the surface. This unfortunate property impedesthe use of bulk InP as scintillator material. On the other hand, it is knownthat thin epitaxial InP layers, grown by molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) ormetal-organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD), do not exhibit anydegradation. These layers, however, are too thin to be useful in scintillators.The capability of hydride vapor phase epitaxy (HVPE) process to grow thickbulk-like layers in reasonable time is well known, but the radiative propertiesof HVPE InP layers are not known. We have studied radiative properties of 21micron thick InP layers grown by HVPE and found them comparable to those ofbest luminescent bulk InP virgin wafers. In contrast to the bulk wafers, theradiative efficiency of HVPE layers does not degrade upon heat treatment. Thisopens up the possibility of implementing free-standing epitaxial InPscintillator structures endowed with surface photodiodes for registration ofthe scintillation.
Preliminary Studies on Force/Motion Control of Intelligent Mechanical  Systems	2014	To rationalize the relatively high investment that industrial automationsystems entail, research in the field of intelligent machines should targethigh value functions such as fettling, die-finishing, deburring, andfixtureless manufacturing. For achieving this goal, past work has concentratedon force control algorithms at the system level with limited focus onperformance expansion at the actuator level. We present a comprehensiveliterature review on robot force control, including algorithms, specializedactuators, and robot control software. A robot force control testbed wasdeveloped using Schunk's PowerCube 6-DOF Arm and a six-axis ATI force/torquesensor. Using parameter identification experiments, manipulator module inertiasand the motor torque constant were estimated. Experiments were conducted tostudy the practical issues involved in implementing stable contact transitionsand programmable endpoint impedance. Applications to human augmentation,virtual fixtures, and teleoperation are discussed. These experiments are usedas a vehicle to understand the performance improvement achievable at theactuator level. The approach at UTRRG has been to maximize the choices withinthe actuator to enhance its intelligence. Drawing on this 20-year researchhistory in electromechanical actuator architecture, we propose a new conceptthat mixes two inputs, distinct in their velocity ratios, within the same dualactuator called a Force/Motion Actuator (FMA). Detailed kinematic and dynamicmodels of this dual actuator are developed. The actuator performance isevaluated using simulations with an output velocity specification and resolvinginput trajectories using a minimum-norm solution. It is shown that a designchoice of 14:1 motion scaling between the two inputs results in goodsensitivity to output force disturbances without compromising velocity trackingperformance.
Non-Equilibrium Green's Function based Circuit Models for Coherent Spin  Devices	2014	"With recent developments in spintronics, it is now possible to envisionspin-driven devices with magnets and interconnects that require a new class oftransport models using generalized Fermi functions and currents, each with fourcomponents: one for charge and three for spin. The corresponding impedanceelements are not pure numbers but $4\times4$ matrices. Starting from theNon-Equilibrium Green's Function (NEGF) formalism in the elastic,phase-coherent transport regime, we develop spin generalizedLandauer-B\""uttiker formulas involving such $4\times 4$ conductances, formulti-terminal devices in the presence of Normal-Metal (NM) leads. In additionto usual terminal conductances describing currents at the contacts, we providespin-transfer torque conductances describing the spin currents absorbed byferromagnetic (FM) regions inside the conductor, specifying both of thesecurrents in terms of Fermi functions at the terminals. We derive universal sumrules and reciprocity relations that would be obeyed by such matrixconductances. Finally, we apply our formulation to two example Hamiltoniansdescribing the Rashba and the Hanle effect in 2D. Our results allows the use ofpure quantum transport models as building blocks in constructing circuit modelsfor complex spintronic and nano-magnetic structures and devices for simulationin SPICE-like simulators."
Improved performance of traveling wave directional coupler modulator  based on electro-optic polymer	2014	Polymer based electro-optic modulators have shown great potentials in highfrequency analog optical links. Existing commercial LiNibO3 Mach-Zehndermodulators have intrinsic drawbacks in linearity to provide high fidelitycommunication. In this paper, we present the design, fabrication andcharacterization of a traveling wave directional coupler modulator based onelectro-optic polymer, which is able to provide high linearity, high speed, andlow optical insertion loss. A silver ground electrode is used to reducewaveguide sidewall roughness due to the scattering of UV light inphotolithography process in addition to suppressing the RF loss. A 1-to-2multi-mode interference 3dB-splitter, a photobleached refractive index taperand a quasi-vertical taper are used to reduce the optical insertion loss of thedevice. The symmetric waveguide structure of the MMI-fed directional coupler isintrinsically bias-free, and the modulation is obtained at the 3-dB pointregardless of the ambient temperature. By achieving low RF loss, characteristicimpedance matching with 50{\Omega} load, and excellent velocity matchingbetween the RF wave and the optical wave, a travelling wave electrode isdesigned to function up to 62.5GHz. Domain-inversion poling with push-pullconfiguration is applied using alternating pulses on a 2-sectiondirectional-coupler to achieve a spurious free dynamic range of 110dB/Hz2/3.The 3-dB electrical bandwidth of device is measured to be 10GHz.
The impact of a filament eruption on nearby high-lying cool loops	2014	The first spectroscopic observations of cool Mg II loops above the solar limbobserved by NASA's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph ({\it IRIS};\cite{IRIS}) are presented. During the observation period IRIS is pointedoff-limb allowing the observation of high-lying loops, which reach over 70~Mmin height. Low-lying cool loops were observed by the {\it IRIS} slit jaw camerafor the entire 4 hour observing window. There is no evidence of a centralreversal in the line profiles and the Mg II h/k ratio is approximately 2. TheMg II spectral lines show evidence of complex dynamics in the loops withDoppler velocities reaching $\pm$ 40 km/s. The complex motions seen indicatethe presence of multiple threads in the loops and separate blobs. Towards theend of the observing period, a filament eruption occurs that forms the core ofa coronal mass ejection. As the filament erupts, it impacts these high-lyingloops, temporarily impeding these complex flows, most likely due tocompression. This causes the plasma motions in the loops become blue-shiftedand then red-shifted. The plasma motions are seen before the loops themselvesstart to oscillate as they reach equilibrium following the impact. The ratio ofthe Mg h/k lines also increases following the impact of the filament.
Overview and Issues of Experimental Observation of Microbunching  Instabilities	2014	The generation of the ultra-bright beams required by modern accelerators anddrivers of free-electron lasers (FELs) has generally relied on chicane-basedbunch compressions that often result in the microbunching instability.Following compression, spectral enhancements extend even into the visiblewavelengths through the longitudinal space charge (LSC) impedances. Opticaltransition radiation (OTR) screens have been extensively used for transverseelectron beam size measurements for the bright beams, but the presence of suchlongitudinal microstructures (microbunching) in the electron beam or theleading edge spikes can result in strong, localized coherent enhancements(COTR) that mask the actual beam profile. Generally, we have observed effectsin rf photocathode (PC) injected linacs with chicane compressions since an R56term is needed. In the past COTR had been only reported in S-band and L-bandphotoinjected based linacs with single or double bunch compression. Drive lasermodulations and charge shot noise have been suspected of contributing to thecause. We now have evidence for the effects in both rf PC-gun injected linacsand thermionic- cathode (TC)-gun injected linacs (the latter do not involve adrive laser). Since the first observations, significant efforts have been madeto characterize, model, and mitigate COTR effects on beam diagnostics. Anupdate on the state-of-the-art for diagnosing these effects will be given asillustrated by examples at the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), Spring-8Compact SASE Source (SCSS), Spring-8 Angstrom Compact Free Electron LAser(SACLA), Advanced Photon Source (APS), and the Next Linear Collider TestAccelerator (NLCTA). These observations continue to be of interest to theaccelerator community.
Mitigation Plans for the Microbunching-Instability-Related COTR at  ASTA/FNAL	2014	At the Advanced Superconducting Test Accelerator (ASTA) now underconstruction at Fermilab, we anticipate the appearance of the microbunchinginstability related to the longitudinal space charge (LSC) impedances. With aphotoinjector source and up to two chicane compressors planned, the conditionsshould result in the shift of some microbunched features into the visible lightregime. The presence of longitudinal microstructures (microbunching) in theelectron beam or the leading edge spikes can result in strong, spatiallylocalized coherent enhancements of optical transition radiation (COTR) thatmask the actual beam profile. Several efforts on mitigation of the effects inthe diagnostics task have been identified. At ASTA we have designed the beamprofiling stations to have mitigation features based on spectral filtering,scintillator choice, and the timing of the trigger to the digital camera's CCDchip. Since the COTR is more intense in the NIR than UV we have selectablebandpass filters centered at 420 nm which also overlap the spectral emissionsof the LYSO:Ce scintillators. By delaying the CCD trigger timing of theintegration window by 40-50 ns, we can reject the prompt OTR signal andintegrate on the delayed scintillator light predominately. This combination ofoptions should allow mitigation of COTR enhancements of order 100-1000 in thedistribution.
A Helium-Carbon Correlation on the Extreme Horizontal Branch in $$  Centauri	2014	Taking advantage of a recent FORS2/VLT spectroscopic sample of ExtremeHorizontal Branch (EHB) stars in $\omega$ Cen, we isolate 38 spectra wellsuited for detailed atmospheric studies and determine their fundamentalparameters ($T_{\rm eff}$, log $g$, and log $N$(He)/$N$(H)) using NLTE, metalline-blanketed models. We find that our targets can be divided into threegroups: 6 stars are hot ($T_{\rm eff}$$\buildrel>\over\sim\ $ 45,000 K) H-richsubdwarf O stars, 7 stars are typical H-rich sdB stars ($T_{\rm eff}$$\buildrel<\over\sim\ $35,000 K), and the remaining 25 targets at intermediateeffective temperatures are He-rich (log $N$(He)/$N$(H)$ \buildrel>\over\sim\ $$-$1.0) subdwarfs. Surprisingly and quite interestingly, these He-rich hotsubdwarfs in $\omega$ Cen cluster in a narrow temperature range ($\sim$35,000 Kto $\sim$40,000 K). We additionally measure the atmospheric carbon abundanceand find a most interesting positive correlation between the carbon and heliumatmospheric abundances. This correlation certainly bears the signature ofdiffusion processes - most likely gravitational settling impeded by stellarwinds or internal turbulence - but also constrains possible formation scenariosproposed for EHB stars in $\omega$ Cen. For the He-rich objects in particular,the clear link between helium and carbon enhancement points towards a late hotflasher evolutionary history.
Contact potential instability in the path-integral description of  itinerant ferromagnetism	2014	It has long been predicted that a two-component non-localized Fermi gas willexhibit spontaneous polarization for sufficiently strong repulsiveinteractions, a phenomenon which is called itinerant ferromagnetism. Recentexperiments with ultracold atomic gases have reached the interaction strengthfor which theoretical models have predicted the occurrence of thenormal-to-itinerant-ferromagnetic phase transition, but so far this transitionhas not been observed. The instability of the repulsive branch of the Feshbachresonance prevents the formation of the itinerant ferromagnetic state, but itis not clear whether this is the only instability impeding its experimentalrealization. In this article, we use the path-integral formalism with densityfields in the Hubbard-Stratonovich transformation to study the stability of ahomogeneous two-component Fermi gas with contact interactions. Within thesaddle-point approximation we show that none of the extrema of the action areminima, meaning all extrema are unstable to small density fluctuations. Thisimplies a more general mechanical instability of the polarized (itinerantferromagnetic) and normal states of the system in the path-integral formalism.We find that it is important to consider the stability of the system whenstudying itinerant ferromagnetism. Since (mechanical) stability may beinfluenced by the details of the interaction potential, we suggest the use of amore realistic potential than the contact potential in future theoreticaldescriptions.
Low-Order Mathematical Modelling of Electric Double Layer  Supercapacitors Using Spectral Methods	2014	This work investigates two physics-based models that simulate the non-linearpartial differential algebraic equations describing an electric double layersupercapacitor. In one model the linear dependence between electrolyteconcentration and conductivity is accounted for, while in the other model it isnot. A spectral element method is used to discretise the model equations and itis found that the error convergence rate with respect to the number of elementsis faster compared to a finite difference method. The increased accuracy of thespectral element approach means that, for a similar level of solution accuracy,the model simulation computing time is approximately 50% of that of the finitedifference method. This suggests that the spectral element model could be usedfor control and state estimation purposes. For a typical supercapacitorcharging profile, the numerical solutions from both models closely matchexperimental voltage and current data. However, when the electrolyte is diluteor where there is a long charging time, a noticeable difference between thenumerical solutions of the two models is observed. Electrical impedancespectroscopy simulations show that the capacitance of the two models rapidlydecreases when the frequency of the perturbation current exceeds an upperthreshold.
Resistance switching devices based on amorphous insulator-metal thin  films	2014	Nanometallic devices based on amorphous insulator-metal thin films aredeveloped to provide a novel non-volatile resistance-switching random-accessmemory (RRAM). In these devices, data recording is controlled by a bipolarvoltage, which tunes electron localization length, thus resistivity, throughelectron trapping/detrapping. The low-resistance state is a metallic statewhile the high-resistance state is an insulating state, as established byconductivity studies from 2K to 300K. The material is exemplified by a Si3N4thin film with randomly dispersed Pt or Cr. It has been extended to othermaterials, spanning a large library of oxide and nitride insulator films,dispersed with transition and main-group metal atoms. Nanometallic RRAMs havesuperior properties that set them apart from other RRAMs. The criticalswitching voltage is independent of the film thickness/devicearea/temperature/switching speed. Trapped electrons are relaxed byelectron-phonon interaction, adding stability which enables long-term memoryretention. As electron-phonon interaction is mechanically altered, trappedelectron can be destabilized, and sub-picosecond switching has beendemonstrated using an electromagnetically generated stress pulse. AC impedancespectroscopy confirms the resistance state is spatially uniform, providing acapacitance that linearly scales with area and inversely scales with thickness.The spatial uniformity is also manifested in outstanding uniformity ofswitching properties. Device degradation, due to moisture, electrode oxidationand dielectrophoresis, is minimal when dense thin films are used or when ahermetic seal is provided. The potential for low power operation, multi-bitstorage and complementary stacking have been demonstrated in various RRAMconfigurations.
High Dimensional Forecasting via Interpretable Vector Autoregression	2014	Vector autoregression (VAR) is a fundamental tool for modeling multivariatetime series. However, as the number of component series is increased, the VARmodel becomes overparameterized. Several authors have addressed this issue byincorporating regularized approaches, such as the lasso in VAR estimation.Traditional approaches address overparameterization by selecting a low lagorder, based on the assumption of short range dependence, assuming that auniversal lag order applies to all components. Such an approach constrains therelationship between the components and impedes forecast performance. Thelasso-based approaches work much better in high-dimensional situations but donot incorporate the notion of lag order selection.  We propose a new class of hierarchical lag structures (HLag) that embed thenotion of lag selection into a convex regularizer. The key modeling tool is agroup lasso with nested groups which guarantees that the sparsity pattern oflag coefficients honors the VAR's ordered structure. The HLag framework offersthree structures, which allow for varying levels of flexibility. A simulationstudy demonstrates improved performance in forecasting and lag order selectionover previous approaches, and a macroeconomic application further highlightsforecasting improvements as well as HLag's convenient, interpretable output.
Liquid-Metal-Enabled Synthesis of Aluminum-Containing III-Nitrides by  Plasma-Assisted Molecular Beam Epitaxy	2016	Nitride films are promising for advanced optoelectronic and electronic deviceapplications. However, some challenges continue to impede development of highaluminum-containing devices. The two major difficulties are growth of highcrystalline quality films with aluminum-rich compositions, and efficientlydoping such films p-type. These problems have severely limited use ofaluminum-rich nitride films grown by molecular beam epitaxy. A way around theseproblems is through use of a liquid-metal-enabled approach to molecular beamepitaxy. Although the presence of a liquid metal layer at the growth front isreminiscent of conventional liquid phase epitaxy, this approach is different inits details. Conventional liquid epitaxy is a near-thermodynamic equilibriumprocess which liquid-metal assisted molecular beam epitaxy is not. Growth ofaluminum-rich nitrides is primarily driven by the kinetics of the molecularvapor fluxes, and the surface diffusion of adatoms through a liquid metal layerbefore incorporation. This paper reports on growth of high crystalline qualityand highly doped aluminum-containing nitride films. Measured optical andelectrical characterization data show that the approach is viable for growth ofatomically smooth aluminum-containing nitride heterostructures. Extremely highp-type doping of up to $6 \times 10$$^{17}$ cm$^{-3}$ and n-type doping of upto $1 \times 10$$^{20}$ cm$^{-3}$ in Al$_{0.7}$Ga$_{0.3}$N films was achieved.Use of these metal-rich conditions is expected to have a significant impact onhigh efficiency and high power optoelectronic and electronic devices thatrequire both high crystalline quality and highly doped (Al,Ga)N films.
Artificial Perfect Electric Conductor-Perfect Magnetic Conductor  Anisotropic Metasurface for Generating Orbital Angular Momentum of Microwave  with Nearly Perfect Conversion Efficiency	2016	Orbital angular momentum (OAM) is a promising degree of freedom forfundamental studies in electromagnetics and quantum mechanics. The unlimitedstate space of OAM shows a great potential to enhance channel capacities ofclassical and quantum communications. By exploring the Pancharatnam-Berry phaseconcept and engineering anisotropic scatterers in a metasurface with spatiallyvarying orientations, a plane wave with zero OAM can be converted to a vortexbeam carrying nonzero OAM. In this paper, we proposed two types of novel PEC(perfect electric conductor)-PMC (perfect magnetic conductor) anisotropicmetasurfaces. One is composed of azimuthally continuous loops and the other isconstructed by azimuthally discontinuous dipole scatterers. Both types ofmetasurfaces are mounted on a mushroom-type high impedance surface. Compared toprevious metasurface designs for generating OAM, the proposed ones achievenearly perfect conversion efficiency. In view of the eliminated verticalcomponent of electric field, the continuous metasurface shows very smooth phasepattern at the near-field region, which cannot be achieved by convectionalmetasurfaces composed of discrete scatterers. On the other hand, themetasurface with discrete dipole scatterers shows a great flexibility togenerate OAM with arbitrary topological charges. Our work is fundamentally andpractically important to high-performance OAM generation.
Using the 2-MASS Photometric Redshift Survey to optimize LIGO Follow-Up  Observations	2016	The initial discovery of LIGO on 14 September 2015 was the inspiral mergerand ring-down of the black hole binary at a distance of about 500~Mpc or aredshift of about 0.1. The search for electromagnetic counterparts for theinspiral of binary black holes is impeded by coarse initial sourcelocalisations and a lack of a compelling model for the counterpart; therefore,rapid electromagnetic follow-up is required to understand the astrophysicalcontext of these sources. Because astrophysical sources of gravitationalradiation are likely to reside in galaxies, it would make sense to search firstin regions where the LIGO-Virgo probability is large and where the density ofgalaxies is large as well. Under the assumption that the probability of agravitational-wave event from a given region of space is proportional to thedensity of galaxies within the probed volume, one can calculate an improvedlocalisation of the position of the source simply by multiplying the LIGO-Virgoskymap by the density of galaxies in the range of redshifts. We propose usingthe 2-MASS Photometric Redshift Galaxy Catalogue for this purpose anddemonstrate that using it can dramatically reduce the search region forelectromagnetic counterparts.
Calibration of the EDGES High-Band Receiver to Observe the Global 21-cm  Signature from the Epoch of Reionization	2016	The EDGES High-Band experiment aims to detect the sky-average brightnesstemperature of the $21$-cm signal from the Epoch of Reionization (EoR) in theredshift range $14.8 \gtrsim z \gtrsim 6.5$. To probe this redshifted signal,EDGES High-Band conducts single-antenna measurements in the frequency range$90-190$ MHz from the Murchison Radio-astronomy Observatory in WesternAustralia. In this paper, we describe the current strategy for calibration ofthe EDGES High-Band receiver and report calibration results for the instrumentused in the $2015-2016$ observational campaign. We propagate uncertainties inthe receiver calibration measurements to the antenna temperature using a MonteCarlo approach. We define a performance objective of $1$~mK residual RMS aftermodeling foreground subtraction from a fiducial temperature spectrum using afive-term polynomial. Most of the calibration uncertainties yield residuals of$1$~mK or less at $95\%$ confidence. However, current uncertainties in theantenna and receiver reflection coefficients can lead to residuals of up to$20$ mK even in low-foreground sky regions. These dominant residuals could bereduced by 1) improving the accuracy in reflection measurements, especiallytheir phase 2) improving the impedance match at the antenna-receiver interface,and 3) decreasing the changes with frequency of the antenna reflection phase.
Degeneracy-preserving quantum non-demolition measurement of parity-type  observables for cat-qubits	2016	A central requirement for any quantum error correction scheme is the abilityto perform quantum non-demolition measurements of an error syndrome,corresponding to a special symmetry property of the encoding scheme. It is inparticular important that such a measurement does not introduce extra errormechanisms, not included in the error model of the correction scheme. In thisletter, we ensure such a robustness by designing an interaction with ameasurement device that preserves the degeneracy of the measured observable.More precisely, we propose a scheme to perform continuous and quantumnon-demolition measurement of photon-number parity in a microwave cavity. Thiscorresponds to the error syndrome in a class of error correcting codes calledthe cat-codes, which have recently proven to be efficient and versatile forquantum information processing. In our design, we exploit the stronglynonlinear Hamiltonian of a high-impedance Josephson circuit, coupling a high-Qcavity storage cavity mode to a low-Q readout one. By driving the readoutresonator at its resonance, the phase of the reflected/transmitted signalcarries directly exploitable information on parity-type observables for encodedcat-qubits of the high-Q mode.
Estimation of respiratory pattern from video using selective ensemble  aggregation	2016	Non-contact estimation of respiratory pattern (RP) and respiration rate (RR)has multiple applications. Existing methods for RP and RR measurement fall intoone of the three categories - (i) estimation through nasal air flowmeasurement, (ii) estimation from video-based remote photoplethysmography, and(iii) estimation by measurement of motion induced by respiration using motiondetectors. These methods, however, require specialized sensors, arecomputationally expensive and/or critically depend on selection of a region ofinterest (ROI) for processing. In this paper a general framework is describedfor estimating a periodic signal driving noisy LTI channels connected inparallel with unknown dynamics. The method is then applied to derive acomputationally inexpensive method for estimating RP using 2D cameras that doesnot critically depend on ROI. Specifically, RP is estimated by imaging thechanges in the reflected light caused by respiration-induced motion. Eachspatial location in the field of view of the camera is modeled as anoise-corrupted linear time-invariant (LTI) measurement channel with unknownsystem dynamics, driven by a single generating respiratory signal. Estimationof RP is cast as a blind deconvolution problem and is solved through a methodcomprising subspace projection and statistical aggregation. Experiments arecarried out on 31 healthy human subjects by generating multiple RPs andcomparing the proposed estimates with simultaneously acquired ground truth froman impedance pneumograph device. The proposed estimator agrees well with theground truth device in terms of correlation measures, despite variability inclothing pattern, angle of view and ROI.
Patient-Driven Privacy Control through Generalized Distillation	2016	The introduction of data analytics into medicine has changed the nature ofpatient treatment. In this, patients are asked to disclose personal informationsuch as genetic markers, lifestyle habits, and clinical history. This data isthen used by statistical models to predict personalized treatments. However,due to privacy concerns, patients often desire to withhold sensitiveinformation. This self-censorship can impede proper diagnosis and treatment,which may lead to serious health complications and even death over time. Inthis paper, we present privacy distillation, a mechanism which allows patientsto control the type and amount of information they wish to disclose to thehealthcare providers for use in statistical models. Meanwhile, it retains theaccuracy of models that have access to all patient data under a sufficient butnot full set of privacy-relevant information. We validate privacy distillationusing a corpus of patients prescribed to warfarin for a personalized dosage. Weuse a deep neural network to implement privacy distillation for training andmaking dose predictions. We find that privacy distillation with sufficientprivacy-relevant information i) retains accuracy almost as good as having allpatient data (only 3\% worse), and ii) is effective at preventing errors thatintroduce health-related risks (only 3.9\% worse under- or over-prescriptions).
A framework to reconcile frequency scaling measurements, from  intracellular recordings, local-field potentials, up to EEG and MEG signals	2016	In this viewpoint article, we discuss the electric properties of the mediumaround neurons, which are important to correctly interpret extracellularpotentials or electric field effects in neural tissue. We focus on how theseelectric properties shape the frequency scaling of brain signals at differentscales, such as intracellular recordings, the local field potential (LFP), theelectroencephalogram (EEG) or the magnetoencephalogram (MEG). These signalsdisplay frequency-scaling properties which are not consistent with resistivemedia. The medium appears to exert a frequency filtering scaling as$1/\sqrt{f}$, which is the typical frequency scaling of ionic diffusion. Such ascaling was also found recently by impedance measurements in physiologicalconditions. Ionic diffusion appears to be the only possible explanation toreconcile these measurements and the frequency-scaling properties found indifferent brain signals. However, other measurements suggest that theextracellular medium is essentially resistive. To resolve this discrepancy, weshow new evidence that metal-electrode measurements can be perturbed by shuntcurrents going through the surface of the brain. Such a shunt may explain thecontradictory measurements, and together with ionic diffusion, provides aframework where all observations can be reconciled. Finally, we propose amethod to perform measurements avoiding shunting effects, thus enabling to testthe predictions of this framework.
The benefits of completing homework for students with different  aptitudes in an introductory physics course	2013	We examine the relationship between homework completion and exam performancefor students having different physics aptitudes for five different semesters ofan introductory electricity and magnetism course. In our analysis, we plot examscores versus homework completion scores and calculate the slopes of the linefits and the Pearson correlations. On average, completing many homeworkproblems correlated to better exam scores only for students with high physicsaptitude. Low aptitude physics students had a negative correlation between examperformance and completing homework; the more homework problems they did, theworse their performance was on exams. One explanation for this effect is thatthe assigned homework problems placed an excessive cognitive load on lowaptitude students. As a result, no learning or even negative learning mighthave taken place when low aptitude students attempted to do assigned homework.Another explanation is based on the fact that the negative benefit effectsfirst appeared when magnetism concepts were introduced. According to thisexplanation, low aptitude students had difficulty consolidating knowledge ofmagnetic fields with previously-learned knowledge of electric fields. A thirdpossibility, that a high homework copying rate by low aptitude students impededlearning, is rejected because two different analyses revealed no evidence ofhomework copying.
Protective Performance of Water-Based Epoxy Coating Containing ScCO2  Synthesized Self-Doped Nanopolyaniline	2013	In this research, corrosion properties of water-based epoxy coating isimproved by adding self-doped nano polyaniline (SPAni) synthesized usingsupercritical carbon dioxide (ScCO2) medium. The modified ScCO2-synthesizedself-doped nano polyaniline (SPAni) using water-based polyamidoamine hardenerresults formation of the water-based SPAni composite (Sc-WB). To obtain thewater-based polyaniline epoxy coating (SP-WBE), the Sc-WB was mixed with epoxyresin in stoichiometric ratio. The formation of oxide layers and adhesionproperties of SP-WBE at corrosive medium was evaluated using scanning electronmicroscopy (SEM) studies. The transmission electron microscopy (TEM) was usedto observe the distribution and particles size of nanopolyaniline in the finaldried film. The anti-corrosion performance of water-based epoxy coated sample(blank coated sample) and SP-WBE coated sample was studied using salt spraystandard test according to ASTM B-117, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy(EIS) and adhesion tests. The results indicate protective performance ofwater-based epoxy coating is improved by adding self-doped polyanilinesynthesized at ScCO2 situation. The electrical resistance of the coatingscontaining nanopolyaniline and the blank sample was 1.8778E+7 {\Omega}.cm2 and2.512E+5 {\Omega}.cm2 after 1800 hours of immersion in 3.5 Wt% NaCl aquacorrosive solutions.
Spin Pumping and Inverse Spin Hall Effect in Germanium	2013	We have measured the inverse spin Hall effect (ISHE) in \textit{n}-Ge at roomtemperature. The spin current in germanium was generated by spin pumping from aCoFeB/MgO magnetic tunnel junction in order to prevent the impedance mismatchissue. A clear electromotive force was measured in Ge at the ferromagneticresonance of CoFeB. The same study was then carried out on several testsamples, in particular we have investigated the influence of the MgO tunnelbarrier and sample annealing on the ISHE signal. First, the reference CoFeB/MgObilayer grown on SiO$_{2}$ exhibits a clear electromotive force due toanisotropic magnetoresistance and anomalous Hall effect which is dominated byan asymmetric contribution with respect to the resonance field. We also foundthat the MgO tunnel barrier is essential to observe ISHE in Ge and that sampleannealing systematically lead to an increase of the signal. We propose atheoretical model based on the presence of localized states at the interfacebetween the MgO tunnel barrier and Ge to account for these observations.Finally, all of our results are fully consistent with the observation of ISHEin heavily doped $n$-Ge and we could estimate the spin Hall angle at roomtemperature to be $\approx$0.001.
Relativistic effects on coronal ejection in variable X-ray sources	2013	Optically thin coronae around neutron stars suffering an X-ray burst can beejected as a result of rapid increase in stellar luminosity. In generalrelativity (GR), radiation pressure from the central luminous star counteractsgravitational attraction more strongly than in Newtonian physics. However,motion near the neutron star is very effectively impeded by the radiationfield. We discuss coronal ejection in a general relativistic calculation of themotion of a test particle in a spherically symmetric radiation field. At everyradial distance from the star larger than that of the ISCO, and any initialluminosity of the star, there exists a luminosity change which leads to coronalejection. The luminosity required to eject from the system the inner parts ofthe optically thin neutron-star corona is very high in the presence ofradiation drag and always close to the Eddington luminosity. Outer parts of thecorona, at a distance of ~20 $R_G$ or more, will be ejected by a sub-Eddingtonoutburst. Mildly fluctuating luminosity will lead to dissipation in the plasmaand may explain the observed X-ray temperatures of coronae in low mass X-raybinaries (LMXBs). At large radial distances from the star ($3\cdot 10^3 R_G$ ormore) the results do not depend on whether or not Poynting-Robertson drag isincluded in the calculation.
Plasma effect in the longitudinal space charge induced microbunching  instability for low energy electron beams	2013	The microbunching instability usually exists in the LINAC of a free electronlaser (FEL) facility. In many cases, the longitudinal space charge (LSC) is adominant factor that generates the instability. For the highly bright electronbeams, the plasma effect is found to be non-trivial in the development of theinstability. In this paper, starting from the Vlasov and Poisson equations inthe multiple-dimensional phase space, we perform the straightforward analysisof the microbunching instability based on the explicit formula of thelongitudinal electric field introduced by the density perturbation in thelongitudinal direction, in such a way to be highly comparable to thewell-developed method for higher energy beams. This method generally applies inboth the cases with and without acceleration and independent of latticecomponents. The results show that for a electron beam with small transverseemittance at low energies, which is always the case in the injector of a freeelectron laser device, the plasma effect results in the oscillation of thelongitudinal electric field in the modified plasma frequency that depends onthe transverse size of the beam, and the Landau damping effect in thelongitudinal electric field due to the uncorrelated longitudinal velocityspread during the beam transportation. These two effects both play importantroles in the development of the instability. As the result, the energymodulation driven by the LSC impedance differs from the regular valuesignificantly and the discrepancy leads to the noticeable change of the finalgain of the instability.
Conditions for Circumstellar Disk Formation: Effects of Initial  Conditions and Sink Treatment	2013	The formation of a circumstellar disk in collapsing cloud cores isinvestigated with three-dimensional magnetohydrodynamic simulations. We preparefour types of initial cloud having different density profiles and calculatetheir evolution with or without a sink. To investigate the effect of magneticdissipation on disk formation, the Ohmic dissipation is considered in somemodels. Calculations show that disk formation is very sensitive to both theinitial cloud configuration and the sink treatment. The disk size considerablydiffers in clouds with different density profiles even when the initial cloudshave almost the same mass-to-flux ratio. Only a very small disk (\sim 10 AU insize) appears in clouds with a uniform density profile, whereas a large disk(\sim 100 AU in size) forms in clouds with a Bonnor-Ebert density profile. Inaddition, a large sink accretion radius numerically impedes disk formationduring the main accretion phase and tends to foster the misleading notion thatdisk formation is completely suppressed by magnetic braking. The protostellaroutflow is also greatly affected by the sink properties. A sink accretionradius of \lesssim 1 AU and sink threshold density of \gtrsim 10^ 13 cm^-3 arenecessary for investigating disk formation during the main accretion phase.
General Relativistic Magnetohydrodynamic Simulations of Blandford-Znajek  Jets and the Membrane Paradigm	2013	Recently it has been observed that the scaling of jet power with black holespin in galactic X-ray binaries is consistent with the predictions of theBlandford-Znajek (BZ) jet model. These observations motivate us to revisit theBZ model using general relativistic magnetohydrodynamic simulations ofmagnetized jets from accreting (h/r ~ 0.3), spinning (0 < a_* < 0.98) blackholes. We have three main results. First, we quantify the discrepancies betweenthe BZ jet power and our simulations: assuming maximum efficiency and uniformfields on the horizon leads to a ~10% overestimate of jet power, while ignoringthe accretion disk leads to a further ~50% overestimate. Simply reducing thestandard BZ jet power prediction by 60% gives a good fit to our simulationdata. Our second result is to show that the membrane formulation of the BZmodel correctly describes the physics underlying simulated jets: torques,dissipation, and electromagnetic fields on the horizon. This provides intuitiveyet rigorous pictures for the black hole energy extraction process. Third, wecompute the effective resistance of the load region and show that the load andthe black hole achieve near perfect impedance matching. Taken together, theseresults increase our confidence in the BZ model as the correct description ofjets observed from astrophysical black holes.
Measurements and Kernels for Source-Structure Inversions in Noise  Tomography	2013	Seismic noise cross correlations are used to image crustal structure andheterogeneity. Typically, seismic networks are only anisotropically illuminatedby seismic noise, a consequence of the non-uniform distribution of sources.Here, we study the sensitivity of such a seismic network to structuralheterogeneity in a 2-D setting. We compute finite-frequency cross-correlationsensitivity kernels for travel-time, waveform-energy and waveform-differencemeasurements. In line with expectation, wavespeed anomalies are best imagedusing travel times and the source distribution using cross-correlationenergies. Perturbations in attenuation and impedance are very difficult toimage and reliable inferences require a high degree of certainty in theknowledge of the source distribution and wavespeed model (at least in the caseof transmission tomography studied here). We perform single-step Gauss-Newtoninversions for the source distribution and the wavespeed, in that order, andquantify the associated Cram\'{e}r-Rao lower bound. The inversion anduncertainty estimate are robust to errors in the source model but are sensitiveto the theory used to interpret of measurements. We find that when classicalsource-receiver kernels are used instead of cross-correlation kernels, errorsappear in the both the inversion and uncertainty estimate, systematicallybiasing the results. We outline a computationally tractable algorithm toaccount for distant sources when performing inversions.
Density Functional Theory for Protein Transfer Free Energy	2013	"We cast the problem of protein transfer free energy within the formalism ofdensity functional theory (DFT), treating the protein as a source of externalpotential that acts upon the solvent. Solvent excluded volume,solvent-accessible surface area, and temperature-dependence of the transferfree energy all emerge naturally within this formalism, and may be comparedwith simplified ""back of the envelope"" models, which are also developed here.Depletion contributions to osmolyte induced stability range from 5-$10\kB T$for typical protein lengths. The general DFT transfer theory developed here maybe simplified to reproduce a Langmuir isotherm condensation mechanism on theprotein surface in the limits of short-ranged interactions, and dilute solute.Extending the equation of state to higher solute densities results innon-monotonic behavior of the free energy driving protein or polymer collapse.Effective interaction potentials between protein backbone or sidechains andTMAO are obtained, assuming a simple backbone/sidechain 2-bead model for theprotein with an effective 6-12 potential with the osmolyte. The transfer freeenergy $\delta g$ shows significant entropy: $d(\delta g)/dT \approx 20 \kB$for a 100 residue protein. The application of DFT to effective solvent forcesfor use in implicit-solvent molecular dynamics is also developed. The simplestDFT expressions for implicit-solvent forces contain both depletion interactionsand an ""impeded-solvation"" repulsive force at larger distances."
Nonlinear Fourier analysis for discontinuous conductivities:  computational results	2013	"Two reconstruction methods of Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) arenumerically compared for nonsmooth conductivities in the plane based on the useof complex geometrical optics (CGO) solutions to D-bar equations involving theglobal uniqueness proofs for Calder\'on problem exposed in [Nachman; Annals ofMathematics 143, 1996] and [Astala and P\""aiv\""arinta; Annals of Mathematics163, 2006]: the Astala-P\""aiv\""arinta theory-based ""low-pass transport matrixmethod"" implemented in [Astala et al.; Inverse Problems and Imaging 5, 2011]and the ""shortcut method"" which considers ingredients of both theories. Thelatter method is formally similar to the Nachman theory-based regularized EITreconstruction algorithm studied in [Knudsen, Lassas, Mueller and Siltanen;Inverse Problems and Imaging 3, 2009] and several references from there.  New numerical results are presented using parallel computation with sizeparameters larger than ever, leading mainly to two conclusions as follows.First, both methods can approximate piecewise constant conductivities betterand better as the cutoff frequency increases, and there seems to be aGibbs-like phenomenon producing ringing artifacts. Second, the transport matrixmethod loses accuracy away from a (freely chosen) pivot point located outsideof the object to be studied, whereas the shortcut method producesreconstructions with more uniform quality."
Hindered magnetic order from mixed dimensionalities in CuP$_2$O$_6$	2013	We present a combined experimental and theoretical study of the spin-1/2compound CuP$_2$O$_6$ that features a network of two-dimensional (2D)antiferromagnetic (AFM) square planes, interconnected via one-dimensional (1D)AFM spin chains. Magnetic susceptibility, high-field magnetization, andelectron spin resonance (ESR) data, as well as microscopic density-functionalband-structure calculations and subsequent quantum Monte-Carlo simulations,show that the coupling $J_{2D}\sim$ 40 K in the layers is an order of magnitudelarger than $J_{1D}\sim$ 4 K in the chains. Below $T_N\sim$ 8 K, CuP$_2$O$_6$develops long-range order (LRO), as evidenced by a weak net moment on the 2Dplanes induced by anisotropic magnetic interactions of Dzyaloshinsky-Moriyatype. A striking feature of this 3D ordering transition is that the 1D momentsgrow significantly slower than the ones on the 2D layers, which is evidenced bythe persistent paramagnetic ESR signal below $T_N$. Compared to typicalquasi-2D magnets, the ordering temperature of CuP$_2$O$_6$ $T_N/J_{2D}\sim$ 0.2is unusually low, showing that weakly coupled spins sandwiched between 2Dmagnetic units effectively decouple these units and impede the long-rangeordering.
Stabilizing inverse problems by internal data. II. Non-local internal  data and generic linearized uniqueness	2014	"In the previous paper ""Stabilizing Inverse Problems by Internal Data"", theauthors introduced a simple procedure that allows one to detect whether andexplain why internal information arising in several novel coupled physics(hybrid) imaging modalities could turn extremely unstable techniques, such asoptical tomography or electrical impedance tomography, into stable,good-resolution procedures. It was shown that in all cases of interest, theFrechet derivative of the forward mapping is a pseudo-differential operatorwith an explicitly computable principal symbol. If one can set up the imagingprocedure in such a way that the symbol is elliptic, this would indicate thatthe problem was stabilized. In the cases when the symbol is not elliptic, thetechnique suggests how to change the procedure (e.g., by adding extrameasurements) to achieve ellipticity.  In this article, we consider the situation arising in acousto-opticaltomography (also called ultrasound modulated optical tomography), where theinternal data available involves the Green's function, and thus dependsglobally on the unknown parameter(s) of the equation and its solution. It isshown that the technique of ""Stabilizing Inverse Problems by Internal Data"" canbe successfully adopted to this situation as well. We also obtain results ongeneric uniqueness for the linearized problem in a variety of situations,including those arising in acousto-electric and quantitative photoacoustictomography."
Probing the Electron States and Metal-Insulator Transition Mechanisms in  Atomically Thin MoS2 Based on Vertical Heterostructures	2014	The metal-insulator transition (MIT) is one of the remarkable electricaltransport properties of atomically thin molybdenum disulphide (MoS2). Althoughthe theory of electron-electron interactions has been used in modeling the MITphenomena in MoS2, the underlying mechanism and detailed MIT process stillremain largely unexplored. Here, we demonstrate that the verticalmetal-insulator-semiconductor (MIS) heterostructures built from atomically thinMoS2 (monolayers and multilayers) are ideal capacitor structures for probingthe electron states in MoS2. The vertical configuration of MIS heterostructuresoffers the added advantage of eliminating the influence of large impedance atthe band tails and allows the observation of fully excited electron states nearthe surface of MoS2 over a wide excitation frequency (100 Hz-1 MHz) andtemperature range (2 K- 300 K). By combining capacitance and transportmeasurements, we have observed a percolation-type MIT, driven by densityinhomogeneities of electron states, in the vertical heterostructures built frommonolayer and multilayer MoS2. In addition, the valence band of thin MoS2layers and their intrinsic properties such as thickness-dependence screeningabilities and band gap widths can be easily accessed and precisely determinedthrough the vertical heterostructures.
Anisotropic charge dynamics in the quantum spin-liquid candidate  $$-(BEDT-TTF)$_2$Cu$_2$(CN)$_3$	2014	We have in detail characterized the anisotropic charge response of the dimerMott insulator $\kappa$-(BEDT-TTF)$_2$\-Cu$_2$(CN)$_3$ by dc conductivity, Halleffect and dielectric spectroscopy. At room temperature the Hall coefficient ispositive and close to the value expected from stoichiometry; the temperaturebehavior follows the dc resistivity $\rho(T)$. Within the planes the dcconductivity is well described by variable-range hopping in two dimensions;this model, however, fails for the out-of-plane direction. An unusually broadin-plane dielectric relaxation is detected below about 60 K; it slows down muchfaster than the dc conductivity following an Arrhenius law. At around 17 K wecan identify a pronounced dielectric anomaly concomitantly with anomalousfeatures in the mean relaxation time and spectral broadening. The out-of-planerelaxation, on the other hand, shows a much weaker dielectric anomaly; itclosely follows the temperature behavior of the respective dc resistivity. Atlower temperatures, the dielectric constant becomes smaller both within andperpendicular to the planes; also the relaxation levels off. The observedbehavior bears features of relaxor-like ferroelectricity. Becauseheterogeneities impede its long-range development, only a weak tunneling-likedynamics persists at low temperatures. We suggest that the random potential anddomain structure gradually emerge due to the coupling to the anion network.
CaMKII activation supports reward-based neural network optimization  through Hamiltonian sampling	2016	"Synaptic plasticity is implemented and controlled through over thousanddifferent types of molecules in the postsynaptic density and presynapticboutons that assume a staggering array of different states throughphosporylation and other mechanisms. One of the most prominent molecule in thepostsynaptic density is CaMKII, that is described in molecular biology as a""memory molecule"" that can integrate through auto-phosporylation Ca-influxsignals on a relatively large time scale of dozens of seconds. The functionalimpact of this memory mechanism is largely unknown. We show that theexperimental data on the specific role of CaMKII activation in dopamine-gatedspine consolidation suggest a general functional role in speeding upreward-guided search for network configurations that maximize rewardexpectation. Our theoretical analysis shows that stochastic search could inprinciple even attain optimal network configurations by emulating one of themost well-known nonlinear optimization methods, simulated annealing. But thisoptimization is usually impeded by slowness of stochastic search at a giventemperature. We propose that CaMKII contributes a momentum term thatsubstantially speeds up this search. In particular, it allows the network toovercome saddle points of the fitness function. The resulting improvedstochastic policy search can be understood on a more abstract level asHamiltonian sampling, which is known to be one of the most efficient stochasticsearch methods."
Enhancement of nonvolatile polarization and pyroelectric sensitivity in  Lithium tantalate (LT)/ Poly (vinylidene fluoride) (PVDF) nano composite	2008	For pyroelectric sensor application, materials having large ferroelectricpolarization at low applied field and high pyroelectric sensitivity arerequired. PVDF is one of the ferroelectric polymers, which is being used forpyroelectric detector application. Following properties of PVDF such as lowdensity, low acoustic impedance, wide bandwidth, flexibility, toughness, andease of fabrication into complex patterns and arrays make it suitable for largearea detector applications. But the PVDF has low value of pyroelectriccoefficient (p). High field (above 1200kV/cm) is required to pole the PVDFfilm. To reduce poling field and to get high value of ferroelectricpolarization at low poling field, nano composite films of LT/PVDF have beenprepared. Since LT is ferroelectric (max. poling field ~ 200kV/cm and (p) ~ 2.3* 10-8 C cm-2/ K) in nature, the nonvolatile polarization of compositeincreased from 0.014microC/cm2 to 2.06microC/cm2 at an applied field of150kV/cm as the volume fraction of LT (fLT) nano particle increases from 0.0 to0.17. Similarly the increase of fLT from 0.0 to 0.17 results in increase ofpyroelectric voltage sensitivity from 3.93 V/J to 18.5V/J.
High-Frequency Microstrip Cross Resonators for Circular Polarization EPR  Spectroscopy	2008	In this article we discuss the design and implementation of a novelmicrostrip resonator which allows for the absolute control of the microwavespolarization degree for frequencies up to 30 GHz. The sensor is composed of twohalf-wavelength microstrip line resonators, designed to match the 50 Ohmsimpedance of the lines on a high dielectric constant GaAs substrate. The lineresonators cross each other perpendicularly through their centers, forming across. Microstrip feed lines are coupled through small gaps to three arms ofthe cross to connect the resonator to the excitation ports. The control of therelative magnitude and phase between the two microwave stimuli at the inputports of each line allows for tuning the degree and type of polarization of themicrowave excitation at the center of the cross resonator. The third (output)port is used to measure the transmitted signal, which is crucial to work at lowtemperatures, where reflections along lengthy coaxial lines mask the signalreflected by the resonator. EPR spectra recorded at low temperature in an S=5/2 molecular magnet system show that 82%-fidelity circular polarization of themicrowaves is achieved over the central area of the resonator.
Perfect coupling of light to surface plasmons with ultra-narrow  linewidths	2008	We examine the coupling of electromagnetic waves incident normal to a thinsilver film that forms an oscillatory grating embedded between two otherwiseuniform, semi-infinite half spaces. Two grating structures are considered, inone of which the mid point of the Ag film remains fixed whereas the thicknessvaries sinusoidally, while in the other the mid point oscillates sinusoidallywhereas the film thicknesses remains fixed. On reducing the light wavelengthfrom the long wavelength limit, we encounter signatures in the transmission, T,and reflection, R, coefficients associated with: i) the short-range surfaceplasmon mode, ii) the long-range surface plasmon mode, and iii) electromagneticdiffraction tangent to the grating. The first two features can be regarded asgeneralized (plasmon) Wood's anomalies whereas the third is the first-orderconventional (electromagnetic) Wood's anomaly. The energy density at the filmsurface is enhanced for wavelengths corresponding to these three anomalies,particularly for the long range plasmon mode in thin films. When exciting thesilver film with a pair of waves incident from opposite directions, we findthat by adjusting the grating oscillation amplitude and fixing the relativephase of the incoming waves to be even or odd, T+R can be made to vanish forone or the other of the plasmon modes; this corresponds to perfect coupling(impedance matching in the language of electrical engineering) between theincoming light and these modes.
Calibrating a novel type of bolometer arrays for the Herschel/PACS  Photometer	2008	"The Herschel Space Observatory is a corner stone mission of the EuropeanSpace Agency (ESA) scientific program. With its spatial resolution, sensitivityand spectral range (60 to 670 microns) Herschel will provide astronomers withunique opportunities to decipher many aspects of star formation mecanisms andgalaxy evolution.  Among the many research institutes involved in the development andexploitation of this challenging observatory, the Commissariat a l'EnergieAtomique (CEA) designed a novel type of bolometric detectors to equip thephotometer of the PACS instrument on-board the Herschel satellite.  In this thesis, I present the basics of infrared astronomy and past andpresent developments in cryogenic bolometers, emphasising on new conceptsintroduced by CEA, that is the collective manufacturing of bolometer arrays,the high impedance thermometers, the cold multiplexing and the use of aresonant cavity to optimize absorption of electromagnetic radiation. I followwith an in-depth explanation of the working principles of CEA bolometer arrays,a prerequisite to grasp the strategy of the characterisation procedure that wedeveloped. I then expose and analyse thoroughly the results that we obtainedduring the calibration campaign of the PACS photometer. Finally, I expressdetector performances in terms of ""observational"" performances that future PACSusers can comprehend (time constant -> PSF smearing, NEP -> sensitivity, etc.)."
Microwave Surface-Impedance Measurements of the Magnetic Penetration  Depth in Single Crystal Ba1-xKxFe2As2 Superconductors: Evidence for a  Disorder-Dependent Superfluid Density	2008	We report high-sensitivity microwave measurements of the in-plane penetrationdepth $\lambda_{ab}$ and quasiparticle scattering rate $1/\tau$ in severalsingle crystals of hole-doped Fe-based superconductorBa$_{1-x}$K$_x$Fe$_2$As$_2$ ($x\approx 0.55$). While power-law temperaturedependence of $\lambda_{ab}$ with the power $\sim 2$ is found in crystals withlarge $1/\tau$, we observe exponential temperature dependence of superfluiddensity consistent with the existence of fully opened two gaps in the cleanestcrystal we studied. The difference may be a consequence of different level ofdisorder inherent in the crystals. We also find a linear relation between thelow-temperature scattering rate and the density of quasiparticles, which showsa clear contrast to the case of d-wave cuprate superconductors with nodes inthe gap. These results demonstrate intrinsically nodeless order parameters inthe Fe-arsenides.
Spatial and frequency dependencies of local photoresponse of HTS  strip-line resonator in regime of two-tone microwave intermodulation  excitation	2010	A new phenomenological approach to spatially-resolved research of nonlinear(NL) microwave properties of operating thin-film superconducting resonators isproposed. The approach is based on frequency and spatial singularity of LaserScanning Microscopy (LSM) images that can be extracted from a set of 2-Dpatterns representing x-y distribution of the LSM photoresponse, PR(x, y), atfixed third-order intermodulation (IMD) frequencies 2f1-f2 and 2f2-f1 as aresult of two-tone resonator microwave excitation at equidistant frequencies f1and f2 relative to the fundamental resonance, f0. It was shown by us earlierthat the total LSM PR(x, y) originates from two independent (resistive, PRR(x,y), and inductive, PRX(x, y)) contributions which can be extracted directlyfrom the LSM images acquired at f1 and f2 by using a method ofspatially-resolved complex impedance partition [1]. Here, we show thatpractically the same manipulation of LSM images at 2f1-f2 and 2f2-f1 can beused to present NL components of IMD LSM PR(x, y) in terms of its independentspatial variations of (i) inductive IMD_IND(x, y) and (ii) resistive IMD_RES(x,y) contributions reflecting the origin of the local sources of microwave NL.[1] A.P. Zhuravel, S.M. Anlage, and A.V. Ustinov, Appl. Phys. Lett., vol. 88,p. 212503, 2006.
Variability of X-ray binaries from an oscillating hot corona	2010	The spectral and timing properties of an oscillating hot thermal corona areinvestigated. This oscillation is assumed to be due to a magneto-acoustic wavepropagating within the corona and triggered by an external, non specified,excitation. A cylindrical geometry is adopted and, neglecting the rotation, thewave equation is solved in for different boundary conditions. The resultingX-ray luminosity, through thermal comptonization of embedded soft photons, isthen computed, first analytically, assuming linear dependence between the localpressure disturbance and the radiative modulation. These calculations are alsocompared to Monte-Carlo simulations. The main results of this study are: (1)the corona plays the role of a low band-pass medium, its response to a whitenoise excitation being a at top noise Power Spectral Density (PSD) at lowfrequencies and a red noise at high frequency, (2) resonant peaks are presentin the PSD. Their powers depend on the boundary conditions chosen and, morespecifically, on the impedance adaptation with the external medium at thecorona inner boundary. (3) The flat top noise level and break as well as theresonant peak frequencies are inversely proportional to the external radius rj.(4) Computed rms and f-spectra exhibit an overall increase of the variabilitywith energy. Comparison with observed variability features, especially in thehard intermediate states of X-ray binaries are discussed.
Realistic many-body models for Manganese Monoxide under pressure	2010	In materials like transition metals oxides where electronic Coulombcorrelations impede a description in terms of standard band-theories, theapplication of genuine many-body techniques is inevitable. Interfacing therealism of density-functional based methods with the virtues of Hubbard-likeHamiltonians, requires the joint ab initio construction of transfer integralsand interaction matrix elements (like the Hubbard U) in a localized basis set.In this work, we employ the scheme of maximally localized Wannier functions andthe constrained random phase approximation to create effective low-energymodels for Manganese monoxide, and track their evolution under externalpressure. We find that in the low pressure antiferromagnetic phase, thecompression results in an increase of the bare Coulomb interaction for specificorbitals. As we rationalized in recent model considerations [Phys. Rev. B 79,235133 (2009)], this seemingly counter-intuitive behavior is a consequence ofthe delocalization of the respective Wannier functions. The change of screeningprocesses does not alter this tendency, and thus, the screened on-sitecomponent of the interaction - the Hubbard U of the effective low-energy system- increases with pressure as well. The orbital anisotropy of the effectsoriginates from the orientation of the orbitals vis-a-vis the deformation ofthe unit-cell. Within the high pressure paramagnetic phase, on the other hand,we find the significant increase of the Hubbard U is insensitive to the orbitalorientation and almost exclusively owing to a substantial weakening ofscreening channels upon compression.
Electron phenomena in layered conductors	2010	The quasi-two-dimensional nature of the charge carriers energy spectrum inlayered conductors leads to specific effects in an external magnetic field. Themagnetoresistance of layered conductors in a wide range of strong magneticfields directed in the plane of the layers can increase proportionally to amagnetic field value. The electromagnetic impedance and the sound attenuationrate depend essentially on the polarization of normal to the layers.Propagation of electromagnetic and acoustic waves in these conductors involvesvirtually all charge carriers in the transfer of acoustic pulses andelectromagnetic field spikes to the bulk of the conductor. The orbits of Fermielectrons in a magnetic field are virtually indistinguishable, which allows theinclusion of large number of conduction electrons in the formation of peculiaroscillatory and resonant effects which are absent in the case of ordinarymetals. Investigation of these effects introduce the possibilities for detailedstudy of the dissipative processes in electron systems of layered conductorsand the charge carriers energy spectrum. Point contact investigations oflayered metals allow us to obtain the information about electron and phononspectra. The electron focusing signal and the point contact spectrum areextremely sensitive to the orientation of the magnetic field vector $\bs{H}$ inrelation to the layers with a high electrical conductivity. The values of$\bs{H}$ for which the electron focusing signal has peaks can be used fordetermining velocities and extremal diameters for the open Fermi surface. Thedependence of the point contact spectra on the magnitude and the relaxation ofelectrons at various types of phonon excitations.
Boundary Effects on the Determination of Metamaterial Parameters from  Normal Incidence Reflection and Transmission Measurements	2010	A method is described for the determination of the effective electromagneticparameters of a metamaterial based only on external measurements orsimulations, taking boundary effects at the interfaces between a conventionalmaterial and metamaterial into account. Plane-wave reflection and transmissioncoefficients at the interfaces are regarded as additional unknowns to bedetermined, rather than explicitly dependent on the material parameters. Ourtechnique is thus analogous to the line-reflect-line (LRL) calibration methodin microwave measurements. The refractive index can be determined fromS-parameters for two samples of different thickness. The effective waveimpedance requires the additional assumption that generalized sheet transitionconditions (GSTCs) account for the boundary effects. Expressions for the bulkpermittivity and permeability then follow easily. Our method is validated bycomparison with the results using the Nicolson-Ross-Weir (NRW) for determiningproperties of an ordinary material measured in a coaxial line. UtilizingS-parameters obtained from 3-D full wave simulations, we test the method onmagnetodielectric metamaterials. We compare the results from our method and theconventional one that does not consider boundary effects. Moreover, it is shownthat results from our method are consistent under changes in reference planelocation, whereas the results from other methods are not.
Determination of RF source power in WPSN using modulated backscattering	2012	A wireless sensor network (WSN) is a wireless network consisting of spatiallydistributed autonomous devices using sensors to cooperatively monitor physicalor environmental conditions, such as temperature, sound, vibration, pressure,motion or pollutants, at different locations. During RF transmission energyconsumed by critically energy-constrained sensor nodes in a WSN is related tothe life time system, but the life time of the system is inversely proportionalto the energy consumed by sensor nodes. In that regard, modulatedbackscattering (MB) is a promising design choice, in which sensor nodes sendtheir data just by switching their antenna impedance and reflecting theincident signal coming from an RF source. Hence wireless passive sensornetworks (WPSN) designed to operate using MB do not have the lifetimeconstraints. In this we are going to investigate the system analytically. Toobtain interference-free communication connectivity with the WPSN nodes numberof RF sources is determined and analyzed in terms of output power and thetransmission frequency of RF sources, network size, RF source and WPSN nodecharacteristics. The results of this paper reveal that communication coverageand RF Source Power can be practically maintained in WPSN through carefulselection of design parameters
EGovernment Stage Model: Evaluating the Rate of Web Development Progress  of Government Websites in Saudi Arabia	2012	This paper contributes to the issue of eGovernment implementation in SaudiArabia by discussing the current situation of ministry websites. It evaluatesthe rate of web development progress of vital government websites in SaudiArabia using the eGovernment stage model. In 2010, Saudi Arabia ranked 58th inthe world and 4th in the Gulf region in eGovernment readiness according toUnited Nations reports. In particular, Saudi Arabia has ranked 75th worldwidefor its online service index and its components compared to the neighbouringGulf country of Bahrain, which was ranked 8th for the same index. While this isstill modest in relation to the Saudi government expectation concerning itsvision for eGovernment implementation for 2010, and the results achieved by theneighbouring Gulf countries such as Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates on theeGovernment index, the Saudi government has endeavoured to meet the publicneeds concerning eGovernment and carry out the implementation of eGovernmentproperly. Governments may heed the importance of actively launching officialgovernment websites as the main portals for delivering their online services toall the different categories of eGovernment (including G2C, G2B, and G2G).However, certain Saudi ministries have not given due attention to this vitalissue. This is evidenced by the fact that some of their websites are not fullydeveloped or do not yet exist, which clearly impedes that particular ministryfrom appropriately delivering eServices.
Effective conductance method for the primordial recombination spectrum	2012	"As atoms formed for the first time during primordial recombination, theyemitted bound-bound and free-bound radiation leading to spectral distortions tothe cosmic microwave background. These distortions might become observable inthe future with high-sensitivity spectrometers, and provide a new window intophysical conditions in the early universe. The standard multilevel atom methodhabitually used to compute the recombination spectrum is computationallyexpensive, impeding a detailed quantitative exploration of the informationcontained in spectral distortions thus far. In this work it is shown that theemissivity in optically thin allowed transitions can be factored into acomputationally expensive but cosmology-independent part and a computationallycheap, cosmology-dependent part. The slow part of the computation consists inpre-computing temperature-dependent effective ""conductances"", linearly relatingline or continuum intensity to departures from Saha equilibrium of thelowest-order excited states (2s and 2p), that can be seen as ""voltages"". Thecomputation of these departures from equilibrium as a function of redshift isitself very fast, thanks to the effective multilevel atom method introduced inan earlier work. With this factorization, the recurring cost of a singlecomputation of the recombination spectrum is only a fraction of a second on astandard laptop, more than four orders of magnitude shorter than standardcomputations. The spectrum from helium recombination can be efficientlycomputed in an identical way, and a fast code computing the full primordialrecombination spectrum with this method will be made publicly available soon."
Evidence for Widespread AGN Activity among Massive Quiescent Galaxies at  z ~ 2	2012	We quantify the presence of Active Galactic nuclei (AGN) in a mass-complete(M_* >5e10 M_sun) sample of 123 star-forming and quiescent galaxies at 1.5 < z< 2.5, using X-ray data from the 4 Ms Chandra Deep Field-South (CDF-S) survey.41+/-7% of the galaxies are detected directly in X-rays, 22+/-5% withrest-frame 0.5-8 keV luminosities consistent with hosting luminous AGN(L_0.5-8keV > 3e42 ergs/s). The latter fraction is similar for star-forming andquiescent galaxies, and does not depend on galaxy stellar mass, suggesting thatperhaps luminous AGN are triggered by external effects such as mergers. Wedetect significant mean X-ray signals in stacked images for both theindividually non-detected star-forming and quiescent galaxies, with spectraconsistent with star formation only and/or a low luminosity AGN in both cases.Comparing star formation rates inferred from the 2-10 keV luminosities to thosefrom rest-frame IR+UV emission, we find evidence for an X-ray excess indicativeof low-luminosity AGN. Among the quiescent galaxies, the excess suggests thatas many as 70-100% of these contain low- or high-luminosity AGN, while thecorresponding fraction is lower among star-forming galaxies (43-65%). Theubiquitous presence of AGN in massive, quiescent z ~ 2 galaxies that we findprovides observational support for the importance of AGN in impeding starformation during galaxy evolution.
How does radiative feedback from a UV background impact reionization?	2013	An ionizing UV background (UVB) inhibits gas accretion and photo-evaporatesgas from the shallow potential wells of small, dwarf galaxies. Duringcosmological reionization, this effect can result in negative feedback:suppressing star-formation inside HII regions, thus impeding their continuedgrowth. It is difficult to model this process, given the enormous range ofscales involved. We tackle this problem using a tiered approach: combiningparameterized results from single-halo collapse simulations with large-scalemodels of reionization. In the resulting reionization models, the ionizingemissivity of galaxies depends on the local values of the reionization redshiftand the UVB intensity. We present a physically-motivated analytic expressionfor the average minimum mass of star-forming galaxies, which can be readilyused in modeling galaxy formation. We find that UVB feedback: (i) delays theend stages of reionization by less than 0.5 in redshift; (ii) results in a moreuniform distribution of HII regions, peaked on smaller-scales (with large-scaleionization power suppressed by tens of percent); and (iii) suppresses theglobal photoionization rate per baryon by a factor of < 2 towards the end ofreionization. However, the impact is modest, since the hydrodynamic response ofthe gas to the UVB occurs on a time-scale comparable to reionization. Inparticular, the popular approach of modeling UVB feedback with an instantaneoustransition in the minimum mass of star-forming galaxies, dramaticallyoverestimates its importance. UVB feedback does not significantly affectreionization unless: (i) molecularly-cooled galaxies contribute significantlyto reionization; or (ii) internal feedback processes strongly couple with UVBfeedback in the early Universe. Since both are considered unlikely, we concludethat there is no significant self-regulation of reionization by UVB feedback.
Rank discriminants for predicting phenotypes from RNA expression	2014	"Statistical methods for analyzing large-scale biomolecular data arecommonplace in computational biology. A notable example is phenotype predictionfrom gene expression data, for instance, detecting human cancers,differentiating subtypes and predicting clinical outcomes. Still, clinicalapplications remain scarce. One reason is that the complexity of the decisionrules that emerge from standard statistical learning impedes biologicalunderstanding, in particular, any mechanistic interpretation. Here we exploredecision rules for binary classification utilizing only the ordering ofexpression among several genes; the basic building blocks are then two-geneexpression comparisons. The simplest example, just one comparison, is the TSPclassifier, which has appeared in a variety of cancer-related discoverystudies. Decision rules based on multiple comparisons can better accommodateclass heterogeneity, and thereby increase accuracy, and might provide a linkwith biological mechanism. We consider a general framework (""rank-in-context"")for designing discriminant functions, including a data-driven selection of thenumber and identity of the genes in the support (""context""). We then specializeto two examples: voting among several pairs and comparing the median expressionin two groups of genes. Comprehensive experiments assess accuracy relative toother, more complex, methods, and reinforce earlier observations that simpleclassifiers are competitive."
Angular and Polarization Response of Multimode Sensors with  Resistive-Grid Absorbers	2014	High sensitivity receiver systems with near ideal polarization sensitivityare highly desirable for development of millimeter and sub-millimeter radioastronomy. Multimoded bolometers provide a unique solution to achieve suchsensitivity, for which hundreds of single-mode sensors would otherwise berequired. The primary concern in employing such multimoded sensors forpolarimetery is the control of the polarization systematics. In this paper, weexamine the angular- and polarization- dependent absorption pattern of a thinresistive grid or membrane, which models an absorber used for a multimodedbolometer. The result shows that a freestanding thin resistive absorber with asurface resistivity of \eta/2, where \eta\ is the impedance of free space,attains a beam pattern with equal E- and H-plane responses, leading to zerocross polarization. For a resistive-grid absorber, the condition is met when apair of grids is positioned orthogonal to each other and both have aresistivity of \eta/2. When a reflective backshort termination is employed toimprove absorption efficiency, the cross-polar level can be suppressed below-30 dB if acceptance angle of the sensor is limited to <60degrees. The smallcross-polar systematics have even-parity patterns and do not contaminate themeasurements of odd-parity polarization patterns, for which many of recentinstruments for cosmic microwave background are designed. Underlying symmetrythat suppresses these cross-polar systematics is discussed in detail. Theestimates and formalism provided in this paper offer key tools in the designconsideration of the instruments using the multimoded polarimeters.
A mathematical and numerical framework for ultrasonically-induced  Lorentz force electrical impedance tomography	2014	We provide a mathematical analysis and a numerical framework for Lorentzforce electrical conductivity imaging. Ultrasonic vibration of a tissue in thepresence of a static magnetic field induces an electrical current by theLorentz force. This current can be detected by electrodes placed around thetissue; it is proportional to the velocity of the ultrasonic pulse, but dependsnonlinearly on the conductivity distribution. The imaging problem is toreconstruct the conductivity distribution from measurements of the inducedcurrent. To solve this nonlinear inverse problem, we first make use of avirtual potential to relate explicitly the current measurements to theconductivity distribution and the velocity of the ultrasonic pulse. Then, byapplying a Wiener filter to the measured data, we reduce the problem to imagingthe conductivity from an internal electric current density. We first introducean optimal control method for solving such a problem. A new directreconstruction scheme involving a partial differential equation is thenproposed based on viscosity-type regularization to a transport equationsatisfied by the current density field. We prove that solving such an equationyields the true conductivity distribution as the regularization parameterapproaches zero. We also test both schemes numerically in the presence ofmeasurement noise, quantify their stability and resolution, and compare theirperformance.
Towards a systematic characterization of the potential of demand side  management	2014	With an increasing share of electric energy produced from non-dispatchablerenewable sources both energy storage and demand side management might gaintremendously in importance. While there has been significant progress ingeneral properties and technologies of energy storage, the systematiccharacterization of features particular to demand side management such as itsintermittent, time-dependent potential seems to be lagging behind. As aconsequence, the development of efficient and sustainable strategies for demandside management and its integration into large-scale energy system models areimpeded. This work introduces a novel framework for a systematic time-resolvedcharacterization of the potential for demand side management. It is based onthe specification of individual devices both with respect to their scheduleddemand and their potential of load shifting. On larger scales sector-specificprofiles can straightforwardly be taken into account. The potential for demandside management is then specified in terms of size and capacity of anequivalent storage device. This intermediate layer of abstraction isolates thegross effects and opportunities of demand side management from questionsconcerning the operation of individual devices, which eases the integration ofthe results in existing schemes for the commitment of production units andsystem models. The novel framework is applicable for conceptual or predictiveapproaches and for real-time optimization and operation of energy systemsinvolving demand side management.
Thesis: The Effects of Hypoxia, Metabolic Restriction and Magnetic  Fields on Chromosome Instability and Karyotype Contraction in Cancer Cell  Lines	2014	Background: Biological effects of extra-low-frequency (ELF) magnetic fields(MFs) have lacked a credible mechanism of interaction between MFs and livingmaterial. Objectives: To examine the effect of ELF-MFs on cancer cells.Methods: Five cancer cell lines were exposed to ELF-MFs within the range of0.025-5 microTesla, and the cells were examined for karyotype changes after 6days. Results: All cancer cells lines lost chromosomes from MF exposure, with amostly flat dose-response. Constant MF exposures for three weeks allow a risingreturn to the baseline, unperturbed karyotypes. From this point, small MFincreases or decreases are again capable of inducing karyotype contractions(KCs). Our data suggest that the KCs are caused by MF interference withmitochondria's adenosine triphosphate synthase (ATPS), compensated by theaction of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK). The effectsof MFs are similar to those of the ATPS inhibitor, oligomycin. They areamplified by metformin, an AMPK stimulator, and attenuated by resistin, an AMPKinhibitor. Over environmental MFs, KCs of various cancer cell lines showexceptionally wide and flat dose-responses, except for those of erythroleukemiacells, which display a progressive rise from 0.025 to 0.4 microTesla.Conclusions: The biological effects of MFs are connected to an alteration inthe structure of water that impedes the flux of protons in ATPS channels. Theseresults may be environment ally important, in view of the central roles playedin human physiology by ATPS and AMPK, particularly in their links to diabetes,cancer and longevity.
Collective outflow from a small multiple stellar system	2014	The formation of high-mass stars is usually accompanied by powerfulprotostellar outflows. Such high-mass outflows are not simply scaled-upversions of their lower-mass counterparts, since observations suggest that thecollimation degree degrades with stellar mass. Theoretically, the origins ofmassive outflows remain open to question because radiative feedback andfragmentation of the accretion flow around the most massive stars, with M > 15M_Sun, may impede the driving of magnetic disk winds. We here present athree-dimensional simulation of the early stages of core fragmentation andmassive star formation that includes a subgrid-scale model for protostellaroutflows. We find that stars that form in a common accretion flow tend to havealigned outflow axes, so that the individual jets of multiple stars can combineto form a collective outflow. We compare our simulation to observations withsynthetic H_2 and CO observations and find that the morphology and kinematicsof such a collective outflow resembles some observed massive outflows, such asCepheus A and DR 21. We finally compare physical quantities derived fromsimulated observations of our models to the actual values in the models toexamine the reliability of standard methods for deriving physical quantities,demonstrating that those methods indeed recover the actual values to within afactor of 2-3.
Liquid Metal as Connecting or Functional Recovery Channel for the  Transected Sciatic Nerve	2014	In this article, the liquid metal GaInSn alloy (67% Ga, 20.5% In, and 12.5%Sn by volume) is proposed for the first time to repair the peripheralneurotmesis as connecting or functional recovery channel. Such material owns agroup of unique merits in many aspects, such as favorable fluidity, supercompliance, high electrical conductivity, which are rather beneficial forconducting the excited signal of nerve during the regeneration process in vivo.It was found that the measured electroneurographic signal from the transectedbullfrog sciatic nerve reconnected by the liquid metal after the electricalstimulation was close to that from the intact sciatic nerve. The controlexperiments through replacement of GaInSn with the conventionally used RigerSolution revealed that Riger Solution could not be competitive with the liquidmetal in the performance as functional recovery channel. In addition, throughevaluation of the basic electrical property, the material GaInSn works moresuitable for the conduction of the weak electroneurographic signal as itsimpedance was several orders lower than that of the well-known Riger Solution.Further, the visibility under the plain radiograph of such material revealedthe high convenience in performing secondary surgery. This new generation nerveconnecting material is expected to be important for the functional recoveryduring regeneration of the injured peripheral nerve and the optimization ofneurosurgery in the near future.
The origin of the atomic and molecular gas contents of early-type  galaxies. I. A new test of galaxy formation physics	2014	We study the atomic (HI) and molecular hydrogen (H2) contents of early-typegalaxies (ETGs) and their gas sources using the GALFORM model of galaxyformation. This model uses a self-consistent calculation of the star formationrate (SFR), which depends on the H2 content of galaxies. We first present a newanalysis of HIPASS and ATLAS3D surveys, with special emphasis on ETGs. Themodel predicts HI and H2 contents of ETGs in agreement with the observationsfrom these surveys only if partial ram pressure stripping of the hot gas isincluded, showing that observations of neutral gas in `quenched' galaxies placestringent constraints on the treatment of the hot gas in satellites. We findthat ~90% of ETGs at z=0 have neutral gas contents supplied by radiativecooling from their hot halos, 8% were supplied by gas accretion from minormergers that took place in the last 1Gyr, while 2% were supplied by mass lossfrom old stars. The model predicts neutral gas fractions strongly decreasingwith increasing bulge fraction. This is due to the impeded disk regeneration inETGs, resulting from both active galactic nuclei feedback and environmentalquenching by partial ram pressure stripping of the hot gas.
Analysis and calibration techniques for superconducting resonators	2014	A method is proposed and experimentally explored for in-situ calibration ofcomplex transmission data for superconducting microwave resonators. Thiscryogenic calibration method accounts for the instrumental transmissionresponse between the vector network analyzer reference plane and the devicecalibration plane. Once calibrated, the observed resonator response is analyzedin detail by two approaches. The first, a phenomenological model based onphysically realizable rational functions, enables the extraction of multipleresonance frequencies and widths for coupled resonators without explicitspecification of the circuit network. In the second, an ABCD-matrixrepresentation for the distributed transmission line circuit is used to modelthe observed response from the characteristic impedance and propagationconstant. When used in conjunction with electromagnetic simulations, thekinetic inductance fraction can be determined with this method with an accuracyof 2%. Datasets for superconducting microstrip and coplanar-waveguide resonatordevices were investigated and a recovery within 1% of the observed complextransmission amplitude was achieved with both analysis approaches. Theexperimental configuration used in microwave characterization of the devicesand self-consistent constraints for the electromagnetic constitutive relationsfor parameter extraction are also presented.
Helium ordered trapping in arsenolite under compression: Synthesis of  He2As4O6	2015	The compression of arsenolite (cubic As2O3) has been studied from a jointexperimental and theoretical point of view. Experimental X-ray diffraction andRaman scattering measurements of this molecular solid at high pressures withdifferent pressure-transmitting media have been interpreted with the help of abinitio calculations. Our results confirm arsenolite as one of the softestminerals in absence of hydrogen bonding and provide evidence for heliumtrapping above 3 GPa between adamantane-type As4O6 cages, thus leading to a newcompound with stoichiometry He2As4O6. Helium trapping alters all properties ofarsenolite. In particular, pressure-induced amorphization, which occurs in purearsenolite above 15 GPa, is impeded when He is trapped between the As4O6 cages;thus resulting in a mechanical stability of He2As4O6 beyond 30 GPa. Our workpaves the way for the modification of the properties of other molecular solidsby compression depending on their ability to trap relatively small atomic ormolecular species and form new compounds. Furthermore, our work suggests thatcompression of molecular solids with noble gases as helium could result inunexpected results compared to other pressure-transmitting media.
A weighted minimum gradient problem with complete electrode model  boundary conditions for conductivity imaging	2015	We consider the inverse problem of recovering an isotropic electricalconductivity from interior knowledge of the magnitude of one current densityfield generated by applying current on a set of electrodes. The requiredinterior data can be obtained by means of MRI measurements. On the boundary weonly require knowledge of the electrodes, their impedances, and thecorresponding average input currents. From the mathematical point of view, thispractical question leads us to consider a new weighted minimum gradient problemfor functions satisfying the boundary conditions coming from the CompleteElectrode Model of Somersalo, Cheney and Isaacson. This variational problem hasnon-unique solutions. The surprising discovery is that the physical data isstill sufficient to determine the geometry of the level sets of the minimizers.In particular, we obtain an interesting phase retrieval result: knowledge ofthe input current at the boundary allows determination of the full currentvector field from its magnitude. We characterize the non-uniqueness in thevariational problem. We also show that additional measurements of the voltagepotential along one curve joining the electrodes yield unique determination ofthe conductivity. A nonlinear algorithm is proposed and implemented toillustrate the theoretical results.
The decay of wall-bounded MHD turbulence at low Rm	2015	We present Direct Numerical Simulations of decaying Magnetohydrodynamic (MHD)turbulence at low magnetic Reynolds number. The domain considered is bounded byperiodic boundary conditions in the two directions perpendicular to themagnetic field and by two plane Hartmann walls in the third direction. Highmagnetic fields (Hartmann number of up to 896) are considered thanks to anumerical method based on a spectral code using the eigenvectors of thedissipation operator. It is found that the decay proceeds through two phases:first, energy and integral lengthscales vary rapidly during atwo-dimensionalisation phase extending over about one Hartmann friction time.During this phase, the evolution of the former appears significantly moreimpeded by the presence of walls than that of the latter. Once the large scalesare close to quasi-two dimensional, the decay results from the competition of atwo-dimensional dynamics driven by dissipation in the Hartmann boundary layersand the three-dimensional dynamics of smaller scales. In the later stages ofthe decay, three-dimensionality subsists under the form of barrel-shapedstructures. A purely quasi-two dimensional decay dominated by friction in theHartmann layers is not reached, because of residual dissipation in the bulk.However, this dissipation is not generated by the three-dimensionality thatsubsists, but by residual viscous friction due to horizontal velocitygradients. Also, the energy in the velocity component aligned with the magneticfield is found to be strongly suppressed, as is transport in this direction.This results reproduces the experimental findings of Kolesnikov & Tsinober(1974).
H2 formation on PAHs in photodissociation regions: a high-temperature  pathway to molecular hydrogen	2015	Molecular hydrogen is the most abundant molecule in the Universe. It isthought that a large portion of H2 forms by association of hydrogen atoms topolycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We model the influence of PAHs ontotal H2 formation rates in photodissociation regions (PDRs) and assess theeffect of these formation rates on the total cloud structure. We set up achemical kinetic model at steady state in a PDR environment and includedadiative transfer to calculate the chemistry at different depths in the PDR.This model includes known dust grain chemistry for the formation of H2 and a H2formation mechanism on PAHs. Since H2 formation on PAHs is impeded by thermalbarriers, this pathway is only efficient at higher temperatures (T > 200 K). Atthese temperatures the conventional route of H2 formation via H atomsphysisorbed on dust grains is no longer feasible, so the PAH mechanism enlargesthe region where H2 formation is possible. We find that PAHs have a significantinfluence on the structure of PDRs. The extinction at which the transition fromatomic to molecular hydrogen occurs strongly depends on the presence of PAHs,especially for PDRs with a strong external radiation field. A sharp spatialtransition between fully dehydrogenated PAHs on the outside of the cloud andnormally hydrogenated PAHs on the inside is found. As a proof of concept, weuse coronene to show that H2 forms very efficiently on PAHs, and that thisprocess can reproduce the high H2 formation rates derived in several PDRs.
Charge transport in molecular junctions: From tunneling to hopping with  the probe technique	2015	"We demonstrate that a simple phenomenological approach can be used tosimulate electronic conduction in molecular wires under thermal effects inducedby the surrounding environment. This ""Landauer-B\""uttiker's probe technique""can properly replicate different transport mechanisms: phase coherentnonresonant tunneling, ballistic behavior, and hopping conduction, to provideresults consistent with experiments. Specifically, our simulations with theprobe method recover the following central characteristics of charge transferin molecular wires: (i) The electrical conductance of short wires falls offexponentially with molecular length, a manifestation of the tunneling(superexchange) mechanism. Hopping dynamics overtakes superexchange in longwires demonstrating an ohmic-like behavior. (ii) In off-resonance situations,weak dephasing effects facilitate charge transfer. Under large dephasing theelectrical conductance is suppressed. (iii) At high enough temperatures,$k_BT/\epsilon_B>1/25$, with $\epsilon_B$ as the molecular-barrier height, thecurrent is enhanced by a thermal activation (Arrhenius) factor. However, thisenhancement takes place for both coherent and incoherent electrons and it doesnot readily indicate the underlying mechanism. (iv) At finite-bias, dephasingeffects impede conduction in resonant situations. We further show that memory(non-Markovian) effects can be implemented within the Landauer-B\""uttiker'sprobe technique to model the interaction of electrons with a structuredenvironment. Finally, we examine experimental results of electron transfer inconjugated molecular wires and show that our computational approach canreasonably reproduce reported values to provide mechanistic information."
Residual Metallic Contamination of Transferred Chemical Vapor Deposited  Graphene	2015	Integration of graphene with Si microelectronics is very appealing byoffering potentially a broad range of new functionalities. New materials to beintegrated with Si platform must conform to stringent purity standards. Here,we investigate graphene layers grown on copper foils by chemical vapordeposition and transferred to silicon wafers by wet etch and electrochemicaldelamination methods with respect to residual sub-monolayer metalliccontaminations. Regardless of the transfer method and associated cleaningscheme, time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry and total reflectionx-ray fluorescence measurements indicate that the graphene sheets arecontaminated with residual metals (copper, iron) with a concentration exceeding10$^{13}$ atoms/cm$^{2}$. These metal impurities appear to be partly mobileupon thermal treatment as shown by depth profiling and reduction of theminority charge carrier diffusion length in the silicon substrate. As residualmetallic impurities can significantly alter electronic and electrochemicalproperties of graphene and can severely impede the process of integration withsilicon microelectronics these results reveal that further progress insynthesis, handling, and cleaning of graphene is required on the way to itsadvanced electronic and optoelectronic applications.
Cooling Requirements for the Vertical Shear Instability in  Protoplanetary Disks	2015	The vertical shear instability (VSI) offers a potential hydrodynamicmechanism for angular momentum transport in protoplanetary disks (PPDs). TheVSI is driven by a weak vertical gradient in the disk's orbital motion, butmust overcome vertical buoyancy, a strongly stabilizing influence in colddisks, where heating is dominated by external irradiation. Rapid radiativecooling reduces the effective buoyancy and allows the VSI to operate. Wequantify the cooling timescale $t_c$ needed for efficient VSI growth, through alinear analysis of the VSI with cooling in vertically global, radially localdisk models. We find the VSI is most vigorous for rapid cooling with$t_c<\Omega_\mathrm{K}^{-1}h|q|/(\gamma -1)$ in terms of the Keplerian orbitalfrequency, $\Omega_\mathrm{K}$; the disk's aspect-ratio, $h\ll1$; the radialpower-law temperature gradient, $q$; and the adiabatic index, $\gamma$. Forlonger $t_c$, the VSI is much less effective because growth slows and shifts tosmaller length scales, which are more prone to viscous or turbulent decay. Weapply our results to PPD models where $t_c$ is determined by the opacity ofdust grains. We find that the VSI is most effective at intermediate radii, from$\sim5$AU to $\sim50$AU with a characteristic growth time of $\sim30$ localorbital periods. Growth is suppressed by long cooling times both in the opaqueinner disk and the optically thin outer disk. Reducing the dust opacity by afactor of 10 increases cooling times enough to quench the VSI at all diskradii. Thus the formation of solid protoplanets, a sink for dust grains, canimpede the VSI.
A regularizing iterative ensemble Kalman method for PDE-constrained  inverse problems	2015	We introduce a derivative-free computational framework for approximatingsolutions to nonlinear PDE-constrained inverse problems. The aim is to mergeideas from iterative regularization with ensemble Kalman methods from Bayesianinference to develop a derivative-free stable method easy to implement inapplications where the PDE (forward) model is only accessible as a black box.The method can be derived as an approximation of the regularizingLevenberg-Marquardt (LM) scheme [14] in which the derivative of the forwardoperator and its adjoint are replaced with empirical covariances from anensemble of elements from the admissible space of solutions. The resultingensemble method consists of an update formula that is applied to each ensemblemember and that has a regularization parameter selected in a similar fashion tothe one in the LM scheme. Moreover, an early termination of the scheme isproposed according to a discrepancy principle-type of criterion. The proposedmethod can be also viewed as a regularizing version of standard Kalmanapproaches which are often unstable unless ad-hoc fixes, such as covariancelocalization, are implemented. We provide a numerical investigation of theconditions under which the proposed method inherits the regularizing propertiesof the LM scheme of [14]. More concretely, we study the effect of ensemblesize, number of measurements, selection of initial ensemble and tunableparameters on the performance of the method. The numerical investigation iscarried out with synthetic experiments on two model inverse problems: (i)identification of conductivity on a Darcy flow model and (ii) electricalimpedance tomography with the complete electrode model. We further demonstratethe potential application of the method in solving shape identificationproblems by means of a level-set approach for the parameterization of unknowngeometries.
Dendrite Suppression by Shock Electrodeposition in Charged Porous Media	2015	It is shown that surface conduction can stabilize electrodeposition inrandom, charged porous media at high rates, above the diffusion-limitedcurrent. After linear sweep voltammetry and impedance spectroscopy, copperelectrodeposits are visualized by scanning electron microscopy and energydispersive spectroscopy in two different porous separators (cellulose nitrate,polyethylene), whose surfaces are modified by layer-by-layer deposition ofpositive or negative charged polyelectrolytes. Above the limiting current,surface conduction inhibits growth in the positive separators and producesirregular dendrites, while it enhances growth and suppresses dendrites behind adeionization shock in the negative separators, also leading to improved cyclelife. The discovery of stable uniform growth in the random media differs fromthe non-uniform growth observed in parallel nanopores and cannot be explainedby classical quasi-steady leaky membrane models, which always predictinstability and dendritic growth. Instead, the experimental results suggestthat transient electro-diffusion in random porous media imparts the stabilityof a deionization shock to the growing metal interface behind it. Shockelectrodeposition could be exploited to enhance the cycle life and rechargingrate of metal batteries or to accelerate the fabrication of metal matrixcomposite coatings.
Three-Phase Dynamic Simulation of Power Systems Using Combined  Transmission and Distribution System Models	2015	This paper presents a new method for studying electromechanical transients inpower systems using three phase, combined transmission and distribution models(hybrid models). The methodology models individual phases of an electricnetwork and associated unbalance in load and generation. Therefore, the impactsof load unbalance, single phase distributed generation and line impedanceunbalance on electromechanical transients can be studied without usingelectromagnetic transient simulation (EMTP) programs. The implementation ofthis methodology in software is called the Three Phase Dynamics Analyzer(TPDA). Case studies included in the paper demonstrate the accuracy of TPDA andits ability to simulate electromechanical transients in hybrid models. TPDA hasthe potential for providing electric utilities and power system planners withmore accurate assessment of system stability than traditional dynamicsimulation software that assume balanced network topology.
Self-blocking of interstitial clusters near metallic grain boundaries	2015	"Nano-crystallize materials have been known for decades to potentially owe thenovel self-healing ability for radiation damage, which has been demonstrated tobe especially linked to preferential occupation of interstitials at grainboundary (GB) and promoted vacancy-interstitial annihilation. A major obstacleto better understanding the healing property is the lack of an atomisticpicture of the interstitial states near GBs, due to severely separation of thetimescale of interstitial segregation from other events and abundance ofinterstitials at the GB. Here, we report a generic ""self-blocking"" effect ofthe interstitial cluster (SIAn) near the metallic GB in W, Mo and Fe. Uponcreating a SIAn near the GB, it is immediately trapped by the GB during the GBstructural relaxation and blocks there, impeding GB's further spontaneoustrapping of the SIAn in the vicinity and making these SIAns stuck nearby theGB. The SIAn in the stuck state surprisingly owes an exceptionally largernumber of annihilation sites with vacancies near the GB than the SIAn trappedat the GB due to maintaining its bulk configuration basically. Besides, it alsohas an unexpectedly long-ranged repelling interaction with the SIA in the bulkregion, which may further affect the GB's trap of the SIAn. The self-blockingeffect might shed light on more critical and extended role of the GB in healingradiation-damage in NCs than previously recognized the GB's limited role basedon GB's trap for the SIA and resulted vacancy-SIA recombination."
A new hybrid integral representation for frequency domain scattering in  layered media	2015	A variety of problems in acoustic and electromagnetic scattering require theevaluation of impedance or layered media Green's functions. Given a pointsource located in an unbounded half-space or an infinitely extended layer,Sommerfeld and others showed that Fourier analysis combined with contourintegration provides a systematic and broadly effective approach, leading towhat is generally referred to as the Sommerfeld integral representation. Wheneither the source or target is at some distance from an infinite boundary, thenumber of degrees of freedom needed to resolve the scattering response is verymodest. When both are near an interface, however, the Sommerfeld integralinvolves a very large range of integration and its direct application becomesunwieldy. Historically, three schemes have been employed to overcome thisdifficulty: the method of images, contour deformation, and asymptotic methodsof various kinds. None of these methods make use of classical layer potentialsin physical space, despite their advantages in terms of adaptive resolution andhigh-order accuracy. The reason for this is simple: layer potentials areimpractical in layered media or half-space geometries since they require thediscretization of an infinite boundary. In this paper, we propose a hybridmethod which combines layer potentials (physical-space) on a finite portion ofthe interface together with a Sommerfeld-type (Fourier) correction. We provethat our method is efficient and rapidly convergent for arbitrarily locatedsources and targets, and show that the scheme is particularly effective whensolving scattering problems for objects which are close to the half-spaceboundary or even embedded across a layered media interface.
An acoustic invisible gateway	2015	"The recently-emerged concept of ""invisible gateway"" with the extraordinarycapability to block the waves but allow the passage of other entities hasattracted great attentions due to the general interests in illusion devices.However, the possibility to realize such a fascinating phenomenon for acousticwaves has not yet been explored, which should be of paramount significance foracoustical applications but would necessarily involve experimental difficulty.Here we design and experimentally demonstrate an acoustic invisible gateway(AIG) capable of concealing a channel under the detection of sound. Instead of""restoring"" a whole block of background medium by using transformationacoustics that inevitably requires complementary or restoring media withextreme parameters, we propose an inherently distinct methodology that onlyaims at engineering the surface impedance at the ""gate"" to mimic a rigid ""wall""and can be conveniently implemented by decorating meta-structures behind thechannel. Such a simple yet effective design of AIG also enables analyzing thephysics behind this extraordinary phenomenon in an analytical manner, whichagrees quite well with the numerical and experimental results. Furthermore, ourscheme offers possibility to manipulate the symmetry of AIGs freely, which isproven both theoretically and experimentally by demonstrating two distinctiveexamples of one-way and two-way AIGs. We anticipate the realization of AIGswill open new avenues to illusion acoustics with potential applications inacoustic measurement and acoustic device, and provide inspirations for similarresearches in other fields."
Thermal Oxidation of WSe2 Nano-sheets Adhered on SiO2/Si Substrates	2015	Due to the drastically different intralayer versus interlayer bondingstrengths, the mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties oftwo-dimensional (2D) materials are highly anisotropic between the in-plane andout-of-plane directions. The structural anisotropy may also play a role inchemical reactions, such as oxidation, reduction, and etching. Here, thecomposition, structure, and electrical properties of mechanically exfoliatedWSe2 nano- sheets on SiO2/Si substrates were studied as a function of theextent of thermal oxidation. A major component of the oxidation, as indicatedfrom optical and Raman data, starts from the nano-sheet edges and propagateslaterally towards the center. Partial oxidation also occurs in certain areas atthe surface of the flakes, which are shown to be highly conductive by microwaveimpedance microscopy. Using secondary ion mass spectroscopy, we also observedextensive oxidation at the WSe2/SiO2 interface. The combination of multiplemicrocopy methods can thus provide vital information on the spatial evolutionof chemical reactions on 2D materials and the nanoscale electrical propertiesof the reaction products.
Mott localization in a pure stripe antiferromagnet  Rb$_{1-}$Fe$_{1.5-}$S$_2$	2015	A combination of neutron diffraction and angle-resolved photoemissionspectroscopy measurements on a pure antiferromagnetic stripeRb$_{1-\delta}$Fe$_{1.5-\sigma}$S$_2$ is reported. A neutron diffractionexperiment on a powder sample shows that a 98$\%$ volume fraction of the sampleis in the antiferromagnetic stripe phase with rhombic iron vacancy order and arefined composition of Rb$_{0.66}$Fe$_{1.36}$S$_{2}$, and that only 2$\%$ ofthe sample is in the block antiferromagnetic phase with $\sqrt{5}\times\sqrt{5}$ iron vacancy order. Furthermore, a neutron diffraction experiment ona single crystal shows that there is only a single phase with the stripeantiferromagnetic order with the refined composition ofRb$_{0.78}$Fe$_{1.35}$S$_2$, while the phase with block antiferromagnetic orderis absent. Angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy measurements on the samecrystal with the pure stripe phase reveal that the electronic structure isgapped at the Fermi level with a gap larger than 0.325 eV. The datacollectively demonstrates that the extra 10$\%$ iron vacancies in addition tothe rhombic iron vacancy order effectively impede the formation of the blockantiferromagnetic phase; the data also suggest that the stripeantiferromagnetic phase with rhombic iron vacancy order is a Mott insulator.
Differentially Private Online Learning for Cloud-Based Video  Recommendation with Multimedia Big Data in Social Networks	2015	With the rapid growth in multimedia services and the enormous offers of videocontents in online social networks, users have difficulty in obtaining theirinterests. Therefore, various personalized recommendation systems have beenproposed. However, they ignore that the accelerated proliferation of socialmedia data has led to the big data era, which has greatly impeded the processof video recommendation. In addition, none of them has considered both theprivacy of users' contexts (e,g., social status, ages and hobbies) and videoservice vendors' repositories, which are extremely sensitive and of significantcommercial value. To handle the problems, we propose a cloud-assisteddifferentially private video recommendation system based on distributed onlinelearning. In our framework, service vendors are modeled as distributedcooperative learners, recommending videos according to user's context, whilesimultaneously adapting the video-selection strategy based on user-clickfeedback to maximize total user clicks (reward). Considering the sparsity andheterogeneity of big social media data, we also propose a novel geometricdifferentially private model, which can greatly reduce the performance(recommendation accuracy) loss. Our simulation shows the proposed algorithmsoutperform other existing methods and keep a delicate balance between computingaccuracy and privacy preserving level.
Current-modulation annealing to control microwave permittivity in  composites with melt-extracted microwires	2015	We investigate the microwave properties of epoxy-based composite containingmelt-extracted CoFeBSiNb microwires fabricated by a combined current-modulationannealing (CCMA) technique. We observe a shift of the resonance peak in theeffective permittivity spectra of the composite sample containing annealed 25mm Nb-doped microwires as an applied magnetic field is increased. Thisobservation is consistent with the absorption-dominated impedance for thickmicrowires and the ferromagnetic resonance phenomenon. It is shown that CCMA isan appropriate technique to release internal residual stresses. Hence, forsamples containing small amounts of Nb, we observe that CCMA allows us tosuppress the high frequency resonance peak observed in samples containingas-cast wires. However, for samples containing a high amount of Nb, the highfrequency peak remains despite the CCMA treatment. In this case, theobservation of a two-peak feature in the permittivity spectra is attributed tothe coexistence of the amorphous phase and a small amount of nanocrystallitesdistributed at the wire surface. However, due to large magnetostatic energy oflong (35 mm) and short (15 mm) as-cast wires and imperfect wire-epoxy bondingno shift of the resonance peak and the characteristic double peak of thepermittivity spectrum can be detected. Overall, CCMA emerges as a promisingstrategy to control microwave permittivity in composites with melt-extractedmicrowires.
Observing and Simulating Galaxy Evolution - from X-ray to Millimeter  Wavelengths	2015	What main mechanisms set the star formation rate (SFR) of galaxies? This PhDthesis is a quest into the influences of gas and active galactic nuclei (AGNs)on the SFR, with particular focus on massive galaxies at z~2. First, a new codeif presented; SImulator of GAlaxy Millimeter/submillimeter Emission (S\'IGAME)which can predict the atomic/molecular line emission in the far-infrared regimefrom galaxies. By post-processing the outputs of cosmological simulations ofgalaxy formation with sub-grid physics recipes, S\'IGAME divides theinterstellar medium (ISM) into different gas phases and derives density andtemperature structure, employing locally resolved radiation and pressurefields. This method is used to predict the strengths of CO rotationaltransitions as well as the [CII] emission line in normal star-forming galaxiesat z~2. A CO ladder close to that of our own Galaxy is found, but with CO-H2conversion factors about 3 times smaller. For a set of 7 simulated galaxies atz~2, the relation between [CII] luminosity and SFR displays a slopesignificantly steeper than that found for observed galaxies at z<0.5. Acorresponding relation on kpc-scales is established for the first timetheoretically. Finally, a separate study uncovers the number fraction of AGNsamong massive galaxies at z~2, by analyzing CHANDRA CDF-S X-ray data. It isfound that about every fifth massive galaxy, quenched or not, contains an X-rayluminous AGN. Interestingly, an even higher fraction of low-luminosity AGNsemerges in the X-ray undetected galaxies when performing a stacking analysis,and preferentially in the quenched ones, lending support to the importance ofAGNs in impeding star formation during galaxy evolution.
A systematic literature review on process model testing: Approaches,  challenges, and research directions	2015	Testing is a key concern when developing process-oriented solutions as itsupports modeling experts who have to deal with increasingly complex models andscenarios such as cross-organizational processes. However, the complexity ofthe research landscape and the diverse set of approaches and goals impedes theanalysis and advancement of research and the identification of promisingresearch areas, challenges, and research directions. Hence, a systematicliterature review is conducted to identify interesting areas for futureresearch and to provide an overview of existing work. Over 6300 potentiallymatching publications were determined during the search (literature databases,selected conferences\journals, and snowballing). Finally, 153 publications from2002 to 2013 were selected, analyzed, and classified. It was found that thesoftware engineering domain has influenced process model testing approaches(e.g., regarding terminology and concepts), but recent publications arepresenting independent approaches. Additionally, historical data sources arenot exploited to their full potential and current testing related publicationsfrequently contain evaluations of relatively weak quality. Overall, thepublication landscape is unevenly distributed so that over 31 publicationsconcentrate on test-case generation but only 4 publications conduct performancetest. Hence, the full potential of such insufficiently covered testing areas isnot exploited. This systematic review provides a comprehensive overview of theinterdisciplinary topic of process model testing. Several open researchquestions are identified, for example, how to apply testing tocross-organizational or legacy processes and how to adequately include usersinto the testing methods.
On The Evolution of Magnetic White Dwarfs	2015	We present the first radiation magnetohydrodynamics simulations of theatmosphere of white dwarf stars. We demonstrate that convective energy transferis seriously impeded by magnetic fields when the plasma-beta parameter, thethermal to magnetic pressure ratio, becomes smaller than unity. The criticalfield strength that inhibits convection in the photosphere of white dwarfs isin the range B = 1-50 kG, which is much smaller than the typical 1-1000 MGfield strengths observed in magnetic white dwarfs, implying that these objectshave radiative atmospheres. We have then employed evolutionary models to studythe cooling process of high-field magnetic white dwarfs, where convection isentirely suppressed during the full evolution (B > 10 MG). We find that theinhibition of convection has no effect on cooling rates until the effectivetemperature (Teff) reaches a value of around 5500 K. In this regime, thestandard convective sequences start to deviate from the ones without convectionowing to the convective coupling between the outer layers and the degeneratereservoir of thermal energy. Since no magnetic white dwarfs are currently knownat the low temperatures where this coupling significantly changes theevolution, effects of magnetism on cooling rates are not expected to beobserved. This result contrasts with a recent suggestion that magnetic whitedwarfs with Teff < 10,000 K cool significantly slower than non-magneticdegenerates.
Quantification of sand fraction from seismic attributes using  Neuro-Fuzzy approach	2015	In this paper, we illustrate the modeling of a reservoir property (sandfraction) from seismic attributes namely seismic impedance, seismic amplitude,and instantaneous frequency using Neuro-Fuzzy (NF) approach. Input datasetincludes 3D post-stacked seismic attributes and six well logs acquired from ahydrocarbon field located in the western coast of India. Presence of thin sandand shale layers in the basin area makes the modeling of reservoircharacteristic a challenging task. Though seismic data is helpful inextrapolation of reservoir properties away from boreholes; yet, it could bechallenging to delineate thin sand and shale reservoirs using seismic data dueto its limited resolvability. Therefore, it is important to developstate-of-art intelligent methods for calibrating a nonlinear mapping betweenseismic data and target reservoir variables. Neural networks have shown itspotential to model such nonlinear mappings; however, uncertainties associatedwith the model and datasets are still a concern. Hence, introduction of FuzzyLogic (FL) is beneficial for handling these uncertainties. More specifically,hybrid variants of Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and fuzzy logic, i.e., NFmethods, are capable for the modeling reservoir characteristics by integratingthe explicit knowledge representation power of FL with the learning ability ofneural networks. The documented results in this study demonstrate acceptableresemblance between target and predicted variables, and hence, encourage theapplication of integrated machine learning approaches such as Neuro-Fuzzy inreservoir characterization domain. Furthermore, visualization of the variationof sand probability in the study area would assist in identifying placement ofpotential wells for future drilling operations.
Well Tops Guided Prediction of Reservoir Properties using Modular Neural  Network Concept A Case Study from Western Onshore, India	2015	This paper proposes a complete framework consisting pre-processing, modeling,and post-processing stages to carry out well tops guided prediction of areservoir property (sand fraction) from three seismic attributes (seismicimpedance, instantaneous amplitude, and instantaneous frequency) using theconcept of modular artificial neural network (MANN). The data set used in thisstudy comprising three seismic attributes and well log data from eight wells,is acquired from a western onshore hydrocarbon field of India. Firstly, theacquired data set is integrated and normalized. Then, well log analysis andsegmentation of the total depth range into three different units (zones)separated by well tops are carried out. Secondly, three different networks aretrained corresponding to three different zones using combined data set of sevenwells and then trained networks are validated using the remaining test well.The target property of the test well is predicted using three different tunednetworks corresponding to three zones; and then the estimated values obtainedfrom three different networks are concatenated to represent the predicted logalong the complete depth range of the testing well. The application of multiplesimpler networks instead of a single one improves the prediction accuracy interms of performance metrics such as correlation coefficient, root mean squareerror, absolute error mean and program execution time.
Ultracompact Field Effect Electro-Absorption Plasmonic Modulator	2015	One of the technical barriers impeding the wide applications of integratedphotonic circuits is the lack of ultracompact, high speed, broadbandelectro-optical (EO) modulators, which up-convert electronic signals into highbit-rate photonic data. In addition to direct modulation of lasers, EOmodulators can be classified into (i) phase modulation based on EO effect orfree-carrier injection, or (ii) absorption modulation based on Franz-Keldysheffect or quantum-confined Stark effect. Due to the poor EO properties ofregular materials, a conventional EO modulator has a very large footprint.Based on high-Q resonators, recent efforts have advanced EO modulators intomicroscale footprints, which have nearly reached their physical limitsrestricted by the materials. On-chip optical interconnects require ultrafast EOmodulators at the nanoscale. The technical barrier may not be well overcomebased on conventional approaches and well-known materials. Herein, we report anEO modulator, more specifically electro-absorption (EA) modulator, based on theintegration of a novel yet inexpensive active material, indium tin oxide (ITO),in a metal-insulator-metal (MIM) plasmonic waveguide platform, where the fieldeffect is then greatly enhanced by high-k insulator and double capacitor gatingscheme. The modulator waveguide length is only 800 nm, which is the smallestrecorded dimension according to our knowledge. Preliminary results show that ithas extinction ratio of 1.75 (2.43 dB) at 10 MHz, works up to 500 MHz (limitedby testing setup for now), and can potentially operate at high speed.
Dynamical Coulomb blockade of tunnel junctions driven by alternating  voltages	2015	The theory of dynamical Coulomb blockade is extended to tunneling elementsdriven by a time-dependent voltage. It is shown that for standard set-ups wherean external voltage is applied to a tunnel junction via an impedance,time-dependent driving entails an excitation of the modes of theelectromagnetic environment by the applied voltage. Previous approaches for acdriven circuits need to be extended to account for the driven bath modes. Aunitary transformation involving also the variables of the electromagneticenvironment is introduced which allows to split-off the time-dependence fromthe Hamiltonian in the absence of tunneling. This greatly simplifiesperturbation-theoretical calculations based on treating the tunnelingHamiltonian as a perturbation. In particular, the average current flowing inthe leads of the tunnel junction is studied. Explicit results are given for thecase of an applied voltage with a constant dc part and a sinusoidal ac part.The connection with standard dynamical Coulomb blockade theory for constantapplied voltage is established. It is shown that an alternating voltage sourcereveals significant additional effects caused by the electromagneticenvironment. The hallmark of dynamical Coulomb blockade in ac driven devices isa suppression of higher harmonics of the current by the electromagneticenvironment. The theory presented basically applies to all tunneling devicesdriven by alternating voltages.
Underlay Spectrum Sharing Techniques with In-band Full-Duplex Systems  using Improper Gaussian Signaling	2016	Sharing the spectrum with in-band full-duplex (FD) primary users (PU) is achallenging and interesting problem in the underlay cognitive radio (CR)systems. The self-interference introduced at the primary network maydramatically impede the secondary user (SU) opportunity to access the spectrum.To tackle this problem, we use the so-called improper Gaussian signaling.Particularly, we assume a system with a SU pair working in a half-duplex modethat uses improper Gaussian signaling while the FD PU pair implements theregular proper Gaussian signaling. First, we derive a closed form expressionand an upper bound for the SU and PU outage probabilities, respectively.Second, we optimize the SU signal parameters to minimize its outage probabilitywhile maintaining the required PU quality-of-service based on the averagechannel state information (CSI). Moreover, we provide the conditions to reapmerits from employing improper Gaussian signaling at the SU. Third, we designthe SU signal parameters based on perfect knowledge of its direct linkinstantaneous CSI and investigate all benefits that can be achieved at both theSU and PU. Finally, we provide some numerical results that demonstrate theadvantages of using improper Gaussian signaling to access the spectrum of theFD PU.
Translingual Obfuscation	2016	"Program obfuscation is an important software protection technique thatprevents attackers from revealing the programming logic and design of thesoftware. We introduce translingual obfuscation, a new software obfuscationscheme which makes programs obscure by ""misusing"" the unique features ofcertain programming languages. Translingual obfuscation translates part of aprogram from its original language to another language which has a differentprogramming paradigm and execution model, thus increasing program complexityand impeding reverse engineering. In this paper, we investigate the feasibilityand effectiveness of translingual obfuscation with Prolog, a logic programminglanguage. We implement translingual obfuscation in a tool called BABEL, whichcan selectively translate C functions into Prolog predicates. By leveraging twoimportant features of the Prolog language, i.e., unification and backtracking,BABEL obfuscates both the data layout and control flow of C programs, makingthem much more difficult to reverse engineer. Our experiments show that BABELprovides effective and stealthy software obfuscation, while the cost is onlymodest compared to one of the most popular commercial obfuscators on themarket. With BABEL, we verified the feasibility of translingual obfuscation,which we consider to be a promising new direction for software obfuscation."
Dechirper Wakefields for Short Bunches	2016	In previous work [1] general expressions, valid for arbitrary bunch lengths,were derived for the wakefields of corrugated structures with flat geometry,such as is used in the RadiaBeam/LCLS dechirper. However, the bunch at the endof linac-based X-ray FELs--like the LCLS--is extremely short, and for shortbunches the wakes can be considerably simplified. In this work, we first deriveanalytical approximations to the short-range wakes. These are generalizedwakes, in the sense that their validity is not limited to a small neighborhoodof the symmetry axis, but rather extends to arbitrary transverse offsets ofdriving and test particles. The validity of these short-bunch wakes holds notonly for the corrugated structure, but rather for any flat structure whosebeam-cavity interaction can be described by a surface impedance. We use thesewakes to obtain, for a short bunch passing through a dechirper: estimates ofthe energy loss as function of gap, the transverse kick as function of beamoffset, the slice energy spread increase, and the emittance growth. In theAppendix, a more accurate derivation--than is found in [1]--of the arbitrarybunch length wakes is performed; we find full agreement with the earlierresults, provided the bunches are short compared to the dechirper gap, which isnormally the regime of interest.  [1] K. Bane and G. Stupakov, Phys. Rev. ST Accel. Beams 18, 034401(2015).
Automatic calibration of damping layers in finite element time domain  simulations	2016	Matched layers are commonly used in numerical simulations of wave propagationto model (semi-)infinite domains. Attenuation functions describe the damping inlayers, and provide a matching of the wave impedance at the interface betweenthe domain of interest and the absorbing region. Selecting parameters in theattenuation functions is non-trivial. In this work, an optimisation procedurefor automatically calibrating matched layers is presented. The procedure isbased on solving optimisation problems constrained by partial differentialequations with polynomial and piecewise-constant attenuation functions. We showexperimentally that, for finite element time domain simulations,piecewise-constant attenuation function are at least as efficient as quadraticattenuation functions. This observation leads us to introduce consecutivematched layers as an alternative to perfectly matched layers, which can easilybe employed for problems with arbitrary geometries. Moreover, the use ofconsecutive matched layers leads to a reduction in computational cost comparedto perfectly matched layers. Examples are presented for acoustic, elastodynamicand electromagnetic problems. Numerical simulations are performed with thelibraries FEniCS/DOLFIN and dolfin-adjoint, and the computer code to reproduceall numerical examples is made freely available.
Performance of an X-ray single pixel TES microcalorimeter under DC and  AC biasing	2016	We are developing Frequency Domain Multiplexing (FDM) for the read-out of TESimaging microcalorimeter arrays for future X-ray missions like IXO. In theFDMconfiguration the TES is AC voltage biased at a well defined frequencies(between 0.3 to 10MHz) and acts as an AM modulating element. In this paper wewill present a full comparison of the performance of a TES microcalorimeterunder DC bias and AC bias at a frequency of 370kHz. In both cases we measuredthe current-to-voltage characteristics, the complex impedance, the noise, theX-ray responsivity, and energy resolution. The behaviour is very similar inboth cases, but deviations in performances are observed for detector workingpoints low in the superconducting transition (R/RN < 0.5). The measured energyresolution at 5.89keV is 2.7eV for DC bias and 3.7eV for AC bias, while thebaseline resolution is 2.8eV and 3.3eV, respectively.
Are Local Causal Models of Quantum Theory Feasible at All?	2016	"This article presents an analysis of the extent to which local causal modelsor local realistic models of quantum theory (QT), including quantum fieldtheory (QFT), are theoretically possible and practically feasible in light ofthe present state of these theories. Quantum physicists consider Bells famousinequality and its violation in experiments to be a strong indication thatlocal realistic or local causal models of QT are not possible and that quantumtheory as a whole is therefore not a local realistic or local causal theory.Based on a proposed definition of a ""formal causal model"" for a theory ofphysics (such as QT), this paper investigates the possibility of having a localcausal model for QT. Areas of QT are identified in which the construction of acausal model is impeded because of deficiencies in the state of the respectivetheory. It is shown that the removal of the deficiencies can be achieved by theprovision of a causal model. Whereas the construction of a causal model of QT,including QFT, appears to be feasible after the removal of certaindeficiencies, the construction of a local (causal) model does not appear to bepossible. As a consequence of the conclusion that local (causal) models ofQT/QFT are not possible, if a strong interpretation of locality is assumed, alocality model is proposed in which the non-localities are confined to ""quantumobjects""."
Negative Refraction, Beam Steering, Mode Switching, and High-pass  Filtering in a 1-D Periodic Laminate	2016	In this paper we show that a 1-D phononic crystal (laminate) can exhibitmetamaterial wave phenomenon which is traditionally associated with 2-, and 3-Dcrystals. Moreover, due to the absence of a length scale in 2 of itsdimensions, it can outperform higher dimensional crystals on some measures.This includes allowing only negative refraction over large frequency ranges andserving as a near-omnidirectional high-pass filter up to a large frequencyvalue. First we provide a theoretical discussion on the salient characteristicsof the dispersion relation of a laminate and formulate the solution of aninterface problem by the application of the normal mode decompositiontechnique. We present a methodology with which to induce a pure negativerefraction in the laminate. As a corollary to our approach of negativerefraction, we show how the laminate can be used to steer beams over largeangles for small changes in the incident angles (beam steering). Furthermore,we clarify how the transmitted modes in the laminate can be switched on and offby varying the angle of the incident wave by a small amount. Finally, we showthat the laminate can be used as a remarkably efficient high-pass frequencyfilter. An appropriately designed laminate will reflect all plane waves fromquasi-static to a large frequency, incident at it from all angles except for asmall set of near-normal incidences. This will be true even if the homogeneousmedium is impedance matched with the laminate. Due to the similarities betweenSH waves and EM waves it is expected that some or all of these results may alsoapply to EM waves in a layered periodic dielectric.
Giant magnetoresistance, three-dimensional Fermi surface and origin of  resistivity plateau in YSb semimetal	2016	Very strong magnetoresistance and a resistivity plateau impeding lowtemperature divergence due to insulating bulk are hallmarks of topologicalinsulators and are also present in topological semimetals where the plateau isinduced by magnetic field, when time-reversal symmetry (protecting surfacestates in topological insulators) is broken. Similar features were observed ina simple rock-salt-structure LaSb, leading to a suggestion of the possiblenon-trivial topology of 2D states in this compound. We show that its sistercompound YSb is also characterized by giant magnetoresistance exceeding onethousand percent and low-temperature plateau of resistivity. We thus performedin-depth analysis of YSb Fermi surface by band calculations, magnetoresistance,and Shubnikov--de Haas effect measurements, which reveals onlythree-dimensional Fermi sheets. Kohler scaling applied to magnetoresistancedata accounts very well for its low-temperature upturn behavior. Thefield-angle-dependent magnetoresistance demonstrates a 3D-scaling yieldingeffective mass anisotropy perfectly agreeing with electronic structure andquantum oscillations analysis, thus providing further support for 3D-Fermisurface scenario of magnetotransport, without necessity of invokingtopologically non-trivial 2D states. We discuss data implying that analogousfield-induced properties of LaSb can also be well understood in the frameworkof 3D multiband model.
A Study of Hardening Behavior Based on a Finite-Deformation Gradient  Crystal-Plasticity Model	2016	A systematic study on the different roles of the governing components of awell-defined finite-deformation gradient crystal-plasticity model proposed by(Gurtin, 2008b) is carried out, in order to visualize the capability of themodel in the prediction of a wide range of hardening behaviors as well asrate-dependent, scale-variation and Bauschinger-like responses in a singlecrystal. A function of accumulation rates of dislocations is employed andviewed as a measure of formation of short-range interactions which impededislocation movements within a crystal. The model is first represented in thereference configuration for the purpose of numerical implementation, and thenimplemented in the FEM software ABAQUS via a user-defined subroutine (UEL). Oursimulation results reveal that the dissipative gradient-strengthening is alsoidentified as a source of isotropic-hardening behavior, which represents theeffect of cold work introduced by (Gurtin and Ohno, 2011). Moreover, plasticflows in predefined slip systems and expansion of accumulation of GNDs aredistinctly observed in varying scales and under different loading conditions.
Uncovering edge states and electrical inhomogeneity in MoS2 field-effect  transistors	2016	The understanding of various types of disorders in atomically thin transitionmetal dichalcogenides (TMDs), including dangling bonds at the edges, chalcogendeficiencies in the bulk, and charges in the substrate, is of fundamentalimportance for their applications in electronics and photonics. Because of theimperfections, electrons moving on these two-dimensional (2D) crystalsexperience a spatially non-uniform Coulomb environment, whose effect on thecharge transport has not been microscopically studied. Here, we report themesoscopic conductance mapping in monolayer and few-layer MoS2 field-effecttransistors (FETs) by microwave impedance microscopy (MIM). The spatialevolution of the insulator-to-metal transition is clearly resolved.Interestingly, as the transistors are gradually turned on, electricalconduction emerges initially at the edges before appearing in the bulk of MoS2flakes, which can be explained by our first-principles calculations. Theresults unambiguously confirm that the contribution of edge states to thechannel conductance is significant under the threshold voltage but negligibleonce the bulk of the TMD device becomes conductive. Strong conductanceinhomogeneity, which is associated with the fluctuations of disorder potentialin the 2D sheets, is also observed in the MIM images, providing a guideline forfuture improvement of the device performance.
Combinatorial Design of Textured Mechanical Metamaterials	2016	"The structural complexity of metamaterials is limitless, although inpractice, most designs comprise periodic architectures which lead to materialswith spatially homogeneous features. More advanced tasks, arising in e.g. softrobotics, prosthetics and wearable tech, involve spatially textured mechanicalfunctionality which require aperiodic architectures. However, a na\""iveimplementation of such structural complexity invariably leads to frustration,which prevents coherent operation and impedes functionality. Here we introducea combinatorial strategy for the design of aperiodic yet frustration-freemechanical metamaterials, whom we show to exhibit spatially texturedfunctionalities. We implement this strategy using cubic building blocks -voxels - which deform anisotropically, a local stacking rule which allowscooperative shape changes by guaranteeing that deformed building blocks fit asin a 3D jigsaw puzzle, and 3D printing. We show that, first, these aperiodicmetamaterials exhibit long-range holographic order, where the 2D pixelatedsurface texture dictates the 3D interior voxel arrangement. Second, they act asprogrammable shape shifters, morphing into spatially complex but predictableand designable shapes when uniaxially compressed. Third, their mechanicalresponse to compression by a textured surface reveals their ability to performsensing and pattern analysis. Combinatorial design thus opens a new avenuetowards mechanical metamaterials with unusual order and machine-likefunctionalities."
Deep Convolutional Neural Networks and Data Augmentation for  Environmental Sound Classification	2016	"The ability of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) to learndiscriminative spectro-temporal patterns makes them well suited toenvironmental sound classification. However, the relative scarcity of labeleddata has impeded the exploitation of this family of high-capacity models. Thisstudy has two primary contributions: first, we propose a deep convolutionalneural network architecture for environmental sound classification. Second, wepropose the use of audio data augmentation for overcoming the problem of datascarcity and explore the influence of different augmentations on theperformance of the proposed CNN architecture. Combined with data augmentation,the proposed model produces state-of-the-art results for environmental soundclassification. We show that the improved performance stems from thecombination of a deep, high-capacity model and an augmented training set: thiscombination outperforms both the proposed CNN without augmentation and a""shallow"" dictionary learning model with augmentation. Finally, we examine theinfluence of each augmentation on the model's classification accuracy for eachclass, and observe that the accuracy for each class is influenced differentlyby each augmentation, suggesting that the performance of the model could beimproved further by applying class-conditional data augmentation."
Influence of selfish and polite behaviours on a pedestrian evacuation  through a narrow exit: A quantitative characterisation	2016	"We study the influence of selfish vs. polite behaviours on the dynamics of apedestrian evacuation through a narrow exit. To this end, experiments involvingabout 80 participants with distinct prescribed behaviours are performed;reinjection of participants into the setup allowed us to improve thestatistics. Notwithstanding the fluctuations in the instantaneous flow rate, wefind that a stationary regime is almost immediately reached. The average flowrate increases monotonically with the fraction c\_s of vying (selfish)pedestrians, which corresponds to a ""faster-is-faster"" effect in ourexperimental conditions; it is also positively correlated with the averagedensity of pedestrians in front of the door, up to nearly close-packing. Atlarge c\_s , the flow displays marked intermittency, with bursts ofquasi-simultaneous escapes. In addition to these findings, we wonder whetherthe effect of cooperation is specific to systems of intelligent beings, orwhether it can be reproduced by a purely mechanical surrogate. To this purpose,we consider a bidimensional granular flow through an orifice in which somegrains are made ""cooperative"" by repulsive magnetic interactions which impedetheir mutual collisions."
Spatial distribution of low-energy plasma around comet 67P/CG from  Rosetta measurements	2016	We use measurements from the Rosetta plasma consortium (RPC) Langmuir probe(LAP) and mutual impedance probe (MIP) to study the spatial distribution oflow-energy plasma in the near-nucleus coma of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.The spatial distribution is highly structured with the highest density in thesummer hemisphere and above the region connecting the two main lobes of thecomet, i.e. the neck region. There is a clear correlation with the neutraldensity and the plasma to neutral density ratio is found to be about 1-2x10^-6,at a cometocentric distance of 10 km and at 3.1 AU from the sun. A clear 6.2 hmodulation of the plasma is seen as the neck is exposed twice per rotation. Theelectron density of the collisonless plasma within 260 km from the nucleusfalls of with radial distance as about 1/r. The spatial structure indicatesthat local ionization of neutral gas is the dominant source of low-energyplasma around the comet.
On Anderson Localization and Chiral Anomaly in Disordered Time-Reversal  Invariant Weyl Semimetals: Nonperturbative and Berry Phase Effects	2016	Weyl semimetal, a three-dimensional electronic system with relativisticlinear energy dispersion around gapless points carrying nontrivial Berrycharge, is predicted to exhibit a wealth of unique response and transportproperties.A crucial question is whether those properties are robust againstdisorder and whether Anderson localization occurs.In this work, the effects ofnonperturbative topological (vortex loop) excitations and Berry phase indisordered time-reversal invariant 3d Weyl semimetal are studied.It is shownthat the chiral symmetry is restored in the nonlinear sigma model describingthe diffusons upon disorder average as any net topological term and itsdelocalization result do not take effect at sufficiently short lengthscales.Anderson localization occurs at sufficiently strong disorder and wepredict that chirality and related phenomena disappear at suchtransition.Nevertheless, we uncover a mechanism that originates from Berryphase that impedes such localization effect.We show the occurrence ofdestructive interference between the vortex loops and between scattering pathsdue to the the vortex loops' Berry phase which resists the Andersonlocalization.We emphasize the applicability of our theory to the candidate Weylmaterials where we point out the consistency of our theory with a recentexperimental finding of the absent chiral anomaly in a noncentrosymmetric Weylsemimetal.
Driving in the Matrix: Can Virtual Worlds Replace Human-Generated  Annotations for Real World Tasks?	2016	Deep learning has rapidly transformed the state of the art algorithms used toaddress a variety of problems in computer vision and robotics. Thesebreakthroughs have relied upon massive amounts of human annotated trainingdata. This time consuming process has begun impeding the progress of these deeplearning efforts. This paper describes a method to incorporate photo-realisticcomputer images from a simulation engine to rapidly generate annotated datathat can be used for the training of machine learning algorithms. Wedemonstrate that a state of the art architecture, which is trained only usingthese synthetic annotations, performs better than the identical architecturetrained on human annotated real-world data, when tested on the KITTI data setfor vehicle detection. By training machine learning algorithms on a richvirtual world, real objects in real scenes can be learned and classified usingsynthetic data. This approach offers the possibility of accelerating deeplearning's application to sensor-based classification problems like those thatappear in self-driving cars. The source code and data to train and validate thenetworks described in this paper are made available for researchers.
Hallmarks of Hund's coupling in the Mott insulator Ca$_2$RuO$_4$	2016	A paradigmatic case of multi-band Mott physics including spin-orbit andHund's coupling is realised in Ca$_2$RuO$_4$. Progress in understanding thenature of this Mott insulating phase has been impeded by the lack of knowledgeabout the low-energy electronic structure. Here we provide -- usingangle-resolved photoemission electron spectroscopy -- the band structure of theparamagnetic insulating phase of Ca$_2$RuO$_4$ and show how it features severaldistinct energy scales. Comparison to a simple analysis of atomic multipletsprovides a quantitative estimate of the Hund's coupling $J=0.4$ eV.Furthermore, the experimental spectra are in good agreement with electronicstructure calculations performed with Dynamical Mean-Field Theory. The crystalfield stabilisation of the d$_{xy}$ orbital due to $c$-axis contraction isshown to be important in explaining the nature of the insulating state. It isthus a combination of multiband physics, Coulomb interaction and Hund'scoupling that generates the Mott insulating state of Ca$_2$RuO$_4$. Theseresults underscore the importance of Hund's coupling in the ruthenates andrelated multiband materials.
A propelling neutron star in the enigmatic Be-star $$~Cassiopeia	2016	The enigmatic X-ray emission from the bright optical star, $\gamma$Cassiopeia, is a long-standing problem. $\gamma$ Cas is known to be a binarysystem consisting of a Be-type star and a low-mass ($M\sim 1\,M_\odot$)companion of unknown nature orbiting in the Be-disk plane. Here we apply thequasi-spherical accretion theory onto a compact magnetized star and show thatif the low-mass companion of $\gamma$ Cas is a fast spinning neutron star, thekey observational signatures of $\gamma$ Cas are remarkably well reproduced.Direct accretion onto this fast rotating neutron star is impeded by thepropeller mechanism. In this case, around the neutron star magnetosphere a hotshell is formed that emits thermal X-rays in qualitative and quantitativeagreement with observed properties of the X-ray emission from $\gamma$ Cas. Wesuggest that $\gamma$ Cas and its analogs constitute a new subclass of Be-typeX-ray binaries hosting rapidly rotating neutron stars formed in supernovaexplosions with small kicks. The subsequent evolutionary stage of $\gamma$ Casand its analogs should be the X Per-type binaries comprising low-luminosityslowly rotating X-ray pulsars. The model explains the enigmatic X-ray emissionfrom $\gamma$ Cas, and also establishes evolutionary connections betweenvarious types of rotating magnetized neutron stars in Be-binaries.
High Electric Field Carrier Transport and Power Dissipation in  Multilayer Black Phosphorus Field Effect Transistor with Dielectric  Engineering	2016	This study addresses high electric field transport in multilayer blackphosphorus (BP) field effect transistors (FETs) with self-heating and thermalspreading by dielectric engineering. Interestingly, we found that multilayer BPdevice on a SiO2 substrate exhibited a maximum current density of 3.3 x 10E10A/m2 at an electric field of 5.58 MV/m, several times higher than multilayerMoS2. Our breakdown thermometry analysis revealed that self-heating was impededalong BP-dielectric interface, resulting in a thermal plateau inside thechannel and eventual Joule breakdown. Using a size-dependent electro-thermaltransport model, we extracted an interfacial thermal conductance of 1-10 MW/m2K for the BP-dielectric interfaces. By using hBN as a dielectric material forBP instead of thermally resistive SiO2 (about 1.4 W/m K), we observed a 3 foldincrease in breakdown power density and a relatively higher electric fieldendurance together with efficient and homogenous thermal spreading because hBNhad superior structural and thermal compatibility with BP. We further confirmedour results based on micro-Raman spectroscopy and atomic force microscopy, andobserved that BP devices on hBN exhibited centrally localized hotspots with abreakdown temperature of 600K, while the BP device on SiO2 exhibited a hotspotin the vicinity of the electrode at 520K.
SKALA, a log-periodic array antenna for the SKA-low instrument: design,  simulations, tests and system considerations	2015	The very demanding requirements of the SKA-low instrument call for achallenging antenna design capable of delivering excellence performance inradiation patterns, impedance matching, polarization purity, cost, longevity,etc. This paper is devoted to the development (design and test of firstprototypes) of an active ultra-wideband antenna element for the low-frequencyinstrument of the SKA radio telescope. The antenna element and differential lownoise amplifier described here were originally designed to cover the formerSKA-low band (70-450MHz) but it is now aimed to cover the re-defined SKA-lowband (50-350MHz) and furthermore the antenna is capable of performing up to650MHz with the current design. The design is focused on maximum sensitivity ina wide field of view (+/- 45deg from zenith) and low cross-polarization ratios.Furthermore, the size and cost of the element has to be kept to a minimum asmillions of these antennas will need to be deployed for the full SKA in verycompact configurations. The primary focus of this paper is therefore to discussvarious design implications for the SKA-low telescope.
Branching Brownian motion and Selection in the Spatial  Lambda-Fleming-Viot Process	2015	"We ask the question ""when will natural selection on a gene in a spatiallystructured population cause a detectable trace in the patterns of geneticvariation observed in the contemporary population?"". We focus on the situationin which 'neighbourhood size', that is the effective local population density,is small. The genealogy relating individuals in a sample from the population isembedded in a spatial version of the ancestral selection graph and throughapplying a diffusive scaling to this object we show that whereas in dimensionsat least three, selection is barely impeded by the spatial structure, in themost relevant dimension, $d=2$, selection must be stronger (by a factor of$\log(1/\mu)$ where $\mu$ is the neutral mutation rate) if we are to have achance of detecting it. The case $d=1$ was handled in Etheridge et al. (2015).  The mathematical interest is that although the system of branching andcoalescing lineages that forms the ancestral selection graph converges to abranching Brownian motion, this reflects a delicate balance of a branching ratethat grows to infinity and the instant annullation of almost all branchesthrough coalescence caused by the strong local competition in the population."
Evolution of adaptation mechanisms: adaptation energy, stress, and  oscillating death	2015	"In 1938, H. Selye proposed the notion of adaptation energy and published""Experimental evidence supporting the conception of adaptation energy"".Adaptation of an animal to different factors appears as the spending of oneresource. Adaptation energy is a hypothetical extensive quantity spent foradaptation. This term causes much debate when one takes it literally, as aphysical quantity, i.e. a sort of energy. The controversial points of viewimpede the systematic use of the notion of adaptation energy despiteexperimental evidence. Nevertheless, the response to many harmful factors oftenhas general non-specific form and we suggest that the mechanisms ofphysiological adaptation admit a very general and nonspecific description.  We aim to demonstrate that Selye's adaptation energy is the cornerstone ofthe top-down approach to modelling of non-specific adaptation processes. Weanalyse Selye's axioms of adaptation energy together with Goldstone'smodifications and propose a series of models for interpretation of theseaxioms. {\em Adaptation energy is considered as an internal coordinate on the`dominant path' in the model of adaptation}. The phenomena of `oscillatingdeath' and `oscillating remission' are predicted on the base of the dynamicalmodels of adaptation. Natural selection plays a key role in the evolution ofmechanisms of physiological adaptation. We use the fitness optimizationapproach to study of the distribution of resources for neutralization ofharmful factors, during adaptation to a multifactor environment, and analysethe optimal strategies for different systems of factors."
Chemical assembly of atomically thin transistors and circuits in a large  scale	2015	Next-generation electronics calls for new materials beyond silicon forincreased functionality, performance, and scaling in integrated circuits.Carbon nanotubes and semiconductor nanowires are at the forefront of thesematerials, but have challenges due to the complex fabrication techniquesrequired for large-scale applications. Two-dimensional (2D) gapless grapheneand semiconducting transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDCs) have emerged aspromising electronic materials due to their atomic thickness, chemicalstability and scalability. Difficulties in the assembly of 2D electronicstructures arise in the precise spatial control over the metallic andsemiconducting atomic thin films. Ultimately, this impedes the maturity ofintegrating atomic elements in modern electronics. Here, we report thelarge-scale spatially controlled synthesis of the single-layer semiconductormolybdenum disulfide (MoS2) laterally in contact with conductive graphene.Transition electron microscope (TEM) studies reveal that the single-layer MoS2nucleates at the edge of the graphene, creating a lateral 2D heterostructure.We demonstrate such chemically assembled 2D atomic transistors exhibit hightransconductance (10 uS), on-off ratios (10^6), and mobility (20 cm^2 V^-1s^-1). We assemble 2D logic circuits, such as a heterostructure NMOS inverterwith a high voltage gain, up to 70, enabled by the precise site selectivityfrom atomically thin conducting and semiconducting crystals. This scalablechemical assembly of 2D heterostructures may usher in a new era intwo-dimensional electronic circuitry and computing.
Development of readout electronics for POLARBEAR-2 Cosmic Microwave  Background experiment	2015	The readout of transition-edge sensor (TES) bolometers with a largemultiplexing factor is key for the next generation Cosmic Microwave Background(CMB) experiment, Polarbear-2, having 7,588 TES bolometers. To enable the largearrays, we have been developing a readout system with a multiplexing factor of40 in the frequency domain. Extending that architecture to 40 bolometersrequires an increase in the bandwidth of the SQUID electronics above 4 MHz.This paper focuses on cryogenic readout and shows how it affects cross talk andthe responsivity of the TES bolometers. A series resistance, such as equivalentseries resistance (ESR) of capacitors for LC filters, leads to non-linearresponse of the bolometers. A wiring inductance modulates a voltage across thebolometers and causes cross talk. They should be controlled well to reducesystematic errors in CMB observations. We have been developing a cryogenicreadout with a low series impedance and have tuned bolometers in the middle oftheir transition at a high frequency (> 3 MHz).
Spatial conductivity mapping of unprotected and capped black phosphorus  using microwave microscopy	2016	Thin layers of black phosphorus present an ideal combination of a 2D materialwith a tunable direct bandgap and high carrier mobility. However the materialsuffers from degradation in ambient conditions due to an oxidation reactionwhich involves water, oxygen and light. We have measured the spatial profile ofthe conductivity on flakes of black phosphorus as a function of time usingscanning microwave impedance microscopy. A microwave excitation (3 GHz) allowsto image a conducting sample even when covered with a dielectric layer. Weobserve that on bare black phosphorus, the conductivity changes drasticallyover the whole surface within a day. We demonstrate that the degradationprocess is slowed down considerably by covering the material with a 10 nm layerof hafnium oxide. It is stable for more than a week, opening up a route towardsstable black phosphorus devices in which the high dielectric constant ofhafnium oxide can be exploited. Covering black phosphorus with a 15 nm boronnitride flake changes the degradation process qualitatively, it is dominated bythe edges of the flake indicating a diffusive process and happens on the scaleof days.
Radiation forces and torque on a rigid elliptical cylinder in acoustical  plane progressive and (quasi)standing waves with arbitrary incidence	2016	Analytical expressions for the axial and transverse acoustic radiation forcesas well as the radiation torque per length are derived for a rigid ellipticalcylinder placed arbitrarily in the field of in plane progressive,quasi-standing or standing waves. The rigid elliptical cylinder case isimportant to be considered as a first-order approximation of the behavior of afluid particle suspended in air, because of the significant acoustic impedancemismatch at the particle's boundary. Based on the partial-wave series expansionmethod in cylindrical coordinates, non-dimensional acoustic radiation force andtorque functions are derived and defined in terms of the scatteringcoefficients of the elliptic cylinder. A coupled system of linear equations isobtained after applying the Neumann boundary condition for an immovable surfacein a non-viscous fluid, and solved numerically by matrix inversion afterperforming a single numerical integration procedure. Computational results forthe non-dimensional force components and torque, showing the transition fromthe progressive to the (equi-amplitude) standing wave behavior, are performedwith particular emphasis on the aspect ratio a/b, where a and b are thesemi-axes of the ellipse, the dimensionless size parameter, as well as theangle of incidence ranging from end-on to broadside incidence. The results showthat the elliptical geometry has a direct influence on the radiation force andtorque, so that the standard theory for circular cylinders (at normalincidence) leads to significant miscalculations when the cylinder cross-sectionbecomes non-circular. Moreover, the elliptical cylinder experiences, inaddition to the acoustic radiation force, a radiation torque that vanishes forthe circular cylinder case. The application of the formalism presented here maybe extended to other 2D surfaces of arbitrary shape.
An Ensemble 4D Seismic History Matching Framework with Sparse  Representation Based on Wavelet Multiresolution Analysis	2016	In this work we propose an ensemble 4D seismic history matching framework forreservoir characterization. Compared to similar existing frameworks inreservoir engineering community, the proposed one consists of some relativelynew ingredients, in terms of the type of seismic data in choice, waveletmultiresolution analysis for the chosen seismic data and related data noiseestimation, and the use of recently developed iterative ensemble historymatching algorithms.  Typical seismic data used for history matching, such as acoustic impedance,are inverted quantities, whereas extra uncertainties may arise during theinversion processes. In the proposed framework we avoid such intermediateinversion processes. In addition, we also adopt wavelet-based sparserepresentation to reduce data size. Concretely, we use intercept and gradientattributes derived from amplitude versus angle (AVA) data, apply multileveldiscrete wavelet transforms (DWT) to attribute data, and estimate noise levelof resulting wavelet coefficients. We then select the wavelet coefficientsabove a certain threshold value, and history-match these leading waveletcoefficients using an iterative ensemble smoother.  (The rest of the abstract is omitted for exceeding the limit of length)
Emergence of event cascades in inhomogeneous networks	2016	There is a commonality among contagious diseases, tweets, urban crimes,nuclear reactions, and neuronal firings that past events facilitate the futureoccurrence of events. The spread of events has been extensively studied suchthat the systems exhibit catastrophic chain reactions if the interactionrepresented by the ratio of reproduction exceeds unity; however, theirsubthreshold states for the case of the weaker interaction are not fullyunderstood. Here, we report that these systems are possessed by nonstationarycascades of event-occurrences already in the subthreshold regime. Eventcascades can be harmful in some contexts, when the peak-demand causes vaccineshortages, heavy traffic on communication lines, frequent crimes, or largefluctuations in nuclear reactions, but may be beneficial in other contexts,such that spontaneous activity in neural networks may be used to generatemotion or store memory. Thus it is important to comprehend the mechanism bywhich such cascades appear, and consider controlling a system to tame orfacilitate fluctuations in the event-occurrences. The critical interaction forthe emergence of cascades depends greatly on the network structure in whichindividuals are connected. We demonstrate that we can predict whether cascadesmay emerge in a network, given information about the interactions betweenindividuals. Furthermore, we develop a method of reallocating connections amongindividuals so that event cascades may be either impeded or impelled in anetwork.
Method for observing robust and tunable phonon blockade in a  nanomechanical resonator coupled to a charge qubit	2016	Phonon blockade is a purely quantum phenomenon, analogous to Coulomb andphoton blockades, in which a single phonon in an anharmonic mechanicalresonator can impede the excitation of a second phonon. We propose anexperimental method to realize phonon blockade in a driven harmonicnanomechanical resonator coupled to a qubit, where the coupling is proportionalto the second-order nonlinear susceptibility $\chi^{(2)}$. This is in contrastto the standard realizations of phonon and photon blockade effects in Kerr-type$\chi^{(3)}$ nonlinear systems. The nonlinear coupling strength can be adjustedconveniently by changing the coherent drive field.As an example, we apply thismodel to predict and describe phonon blockade in a nanomechanical resonatorcoupled to a Cooper-pair box (i.e., a charge qubit) with a linear longitudinalcoupling. By obtaining the solutions of the steady state for this compositesystem, we give the conditions forobserving strong antibunching andsub-Poissonian phonon-number statistics in this induced second-order nonlinearsystem. Besides using the qubit to produce phonon blockade states, the qubititself can also be employed to detect blockade effects by measuring its states.Numerical simulations indicate that the robustness of the phonon blockade, andthe sensitivity of detecting it, will benefit from this strong inducednonlinear coupling.
Effects of Antenna Beam Chromaticity on Redshifted 21~cm Power Spectrum  and Implications for Hydrogen Epoch of Reionization Array	2016	Unaccounted for systematics from foregrounds and instruments can severelylimit the sensitivity of current experiments from detecting redshifted 21~cmsignals from the Epoch of Reionization (EoR). Upcoming experiments are facedwith a challenge to deliver more collecting area per antenna element withoutdegrading the data with systematics. This paper and its companions show thatdishes are viable for achieving this balance using the Hydrogen Epoch ofReionization Array (HERA) as an example. Here, we specifically identifyspectral systematics associated with the antenna power pattern as a significantdetriment to all EoR experiments which causes the already bright foregroundpower to leak well beyond ideal limits and contaminate the otherwise clean EoRsignal modes. A primary source of this chromaticity is reflections in theantenna-feed assembly and between structures in neighboring antennas. Usingprecise foreground simulations taking wide-field effects into account, weprovide a framework to set cosmologically-motivated design specifications onthese reflections to prevent further EoR signal degradation. We show HERA willnot be impeded by such spectral systematics and demonstrate that even in aconservative scenario that does not perform removal of foregrounds, HERA willdetect EoR signal in line-of-sight $k$-modes, $k_\parallel \gtrsim0.2\,h$~Mpc$^{-1}$, with high significance. All baselines in a 19-element HERAlayout are capable of detecting EoR over a substantial observing window on thesky.
Hyperbolic Metamaterials and Coupled Surface Plasmon Polaritons:  comparative analysis	2016	We investigate the optical properties of sub-wavelength layeredmetal/dielectric structures, also known as hyperbolic metamaterials (HMMs),using exact analytical Kronig Penney (KP) model. We show that hyperbolicisofrequency surfaces exist for all combinations of layer permittivities andthicknesses, and the largest Purcell enhancements (PE) of spontaneous radiationare achieved away from the nominally hyperbolic region. Detailed comparison offield distributions, dispersion curves, and Purcell factors (PF) between theHMMs and Surface Plasmon Polaritons (SPPs) guided modes in metal/dielectricwaveguides demonstrates that HMMs are nothing but weakly coupled gap or slabSPPs modes. Broadband PE is not specific to the HMMs and can be easily attainedin single thin metallic layers. Furthermore, large wavevectors and PE arealways combined with high loss, short propagation distances and largeimpedances; hence PE in HMMs is essentially a direct coupling of the energyinto the free electron motion in the metal, or quenching of radiative lifetime.PE in HMMs is not related to the hyperbolicity per se but is simply theconsequence of the strong dispersion of permittivity in the metals or polardielectrics, as our conclusions are relevant also for the infrared HMMsoccurring in nature. When it comes to enhancement of radiating processes andfield concentrations, HMMs are not superior to far simpler plasmonicstructures.
Ferromagnetism and the Effect of Free Charge Carriers on Electric  Polarization in Y_2NiMnO_6 Double Perovskite	2016	The double perovskite Y_2NiMnO_6 displays ferromagnetic transition at Tc = 81K. The ferromagnetic order at low temperature is confirmed by the saturationvalue of magnetization (M_s) and also, validated by the refined orderedmagnetic moment values extracted from neutron powder diffraction data at 10 K.This way, the dominant Mn4+ and Ni2+ cationic ordering is confirmed. Thecation-ordered P 21/n nuclear structure is revealed by neutron powderdiffraction studies at 300 and 10 K. Analysis of frequency dependent dielectricconstant and equivalent circuit analysis of impedance data takes into accountthe bulk contribution to total dielectric constant. This reveals an anomalywhich coincides with the ferromagnetic transition temperature (T_c).Pyrocurrent measurements register a current flow with onset near Tc and a peakat 57 K that shifts with temperature ramp rate. The extrinsic nature of theobserved pyrocurrent is established by employing a special protocolmeasurement. It is realized that the origin is due to re-orientation ofelectric dipoles created by the free charge carriers and not by spontaneouselectric polarization at variance with recently reported magnetism-drivenferroelectricity in this material
Mathematical Imaging Methods for Mitosis Analysis in Live-Cell Phase  Contrast Microscopy	2016	In this paper we propose a workflow to detect and track mitotic cells intime-lapse microscopy image sequences. In order to avoid the requirement forcell lines expressing fluorescent markers and the associated phototoxicity,phase contrast microscopy is often preferred over fluorescence microscopy inlive-cell imaging. However, common specific image characteristics complicateimage processing and impede use of standard methods. Nevertheless, automatedanalysis is desirable due to manual analysis being subjective, biased andextremely time-consuming for large data sets. Here, we present the followingworkflow based on mathematical imaging methods. In the first step, mitosisdetection is performed by means of the circular Hough transform. The obtainedcircular contour subsequently serves as an initialisation for the trackingalgorithm based on variational methods. It is sub-divided into two parts: inorder to determine the beginning of the whole mitosis cycle, a backwardstracking procedure is performed. After that, the cell is tracked forwards intime until the end of mitosis. As a result, the average of mitosis duration andratios of different cell fates (cell death, no division, division into two ormore daughter cells) can be measured and statistics on cell morphologies can beobtained. All of the tools are featured in the user-friendlyMATLAB$^{\circledR}$ Graphical User Interface MitosisAnalyser.
Detecting Aortic Valve Opening and Closing from Distal Body Vibrations	2016	Objective: Proximal and whole-body vibrations are well studied inseismocardiography and ballistocardiography, yet distal vibrations are stillpoorly understood. In this paper we develop two methods to measure aortic valveopening (AVO) and closing (AVC) from distal vibrations. Methods: AVO and AVCwere detected for each heartbeat with accelerometers on the upper arm (A),wrist (W), and knee (K) of 22 consenting adults following isometric exercise.Exercise-induced changes were recorded with impedance cardiography, andnine-beat ensemble averaging was applied. Our first method, FilterBCG, detectspeaks in distal vibrations after filtering with individually-tuned bandpassfilters while RidgeBCG uses ridge regression to estimate AVO and AVC withoutpeaks. Pseudocode is provided. Results: In agreement with recent studies, wedid not find peaks at AVO and AVC in distal vibrations, and the conventionalR-J interval method from the literature also correlated poorly with AVO (r2 =0.22 A, 0.14 W, 0.12 K). Interestingly, distal vibrations filtered withFilterBCG resembled seismocardiogram signals and yielded reliable peaks at AVO(r2 = 0.95 A, 0.94 W, 0.77 K) and AVC (r2 = 0.92 A, 0.89 W, 0.68 K).Conclusion: FilterBCG measures AVO and AVC accurately from arm, wrist, and kneevibrations, and it outperforms R-J intervals and RidgeBCG. Significance: To ourknowledge, this study is the first to measure AVC accurately from distalvibrations. Finally, AVO timing is needed to assess cardiovascular disease riskwith pulse wave velocity (PWV) and for cuff-less diastolic blood pressuremeasurement via aortic pulse-transit time (PTT).
Phase-Tunable Temperature Amplifier	2016	Coherent caloritronics, the thermal counterpart of coherent electronics, hasdrawn growing attention since the discovery of heat interference in 2012.Thermal interferometers, diodes, transistors and nano-valves have beentheoretically proposed and experimentally demonstrated by exploiting thequantum phase difference between two superconductors coupled through aJosephson junction. So far, the quantum-phase modulator has been realized inthe form of a superconducting quantum interference device (SQUID) or asuperconducting quantum interference proximity transistor (SQUIPT). Thence, anexternal magnetic field is necessary in order to manipulate the heat transport.Here, we theoretically propose the first on-chip fully thermal caloritronicdevice: the phase-tunable temperature amplifier. Taking advantage of a recentthermoelectric effect discovered in spin-split superconductors coupled to aspin-polarized system, by a temperature gradient we generate the magnetic fluxcontrolling the transport through a temperature biased SQUIPT. By employingcommonly used materials and a geometry compatible with state-of-the-artnano-fabrication techniques, we simulate the behavior of the temperatureamplifier and define a number of figures of merit in full analogy with voltageamplifiers. Notably, our architecture ensures infinite input thermal impedance,maximum gain of about 11 and efficiency reaching the 95%. This device conceptcould represent a breakthrough in coherent caloritronic devices, and paves theway for applications in radiation sensing, thermal logics and quantuminformation.
Voltage Control in the Presence of Photovoltaic Systems	2016	In the past decade, the landscape of energy production has had to shift toaccommodate renewables. Which, unlike fossil fuels, are subject to frequentfluctuations; potentially destabilizing grid operators. With the continueddemand for solar PV system installation, there is a pressing need for utilitiesto regulate the voltages at the low voltage distribution grids. We develop astochastic model for voltage rise as a function of injected power into thegrid. This model is formed as a linear combination of gamma random variables.This is achieved by finding sparse bases and clustering the data into subsetsby its correlation with those bases, and fitting a gamma distribution withineach subset. We are concerned with modeling voltage rise, while taking intoaccount sparse events in the voltage. We use sparse singular valuedecomposition (SVD) with $\ell_1$ penalty to model sparse voltage rise. Morerandomness and disorder in voltage rises was observed at the point of commoncoupling (PCC) of the PV systems with greater line impedance. A controller toregulate the voltage at the PCC of a single phase solar PV system is presented.This controller uses the stochastic model to minimize the risk of voltage rise.Simulation results confirm that this voltage controller can lower the voltagemore effectively than conventional voltage regulators during periods of highsolar PV output.
Static Non-Linearity Based Analysis of Non-Resonant MOSFET as THz  Detector	2016	The non-resonant THz response of CMOS FET has been analyzed based on staticnon-linearities of the transistor channel. Under the quasi-static limit, thesecond order non-linearities dominantly determine the DC current in the channelgenerated in response to THz signal. For the applied gate-to source anddrain-to-source signals, the significance of the second order non-linear termsis analyzed as a function of DC bias conditions. Based on the analysis, it hasalso been shown that a differential detector topology can give highestresponsivity in cold operation. A tradeoff between the channel resistance andload impedance plays a vital role in detecting the generated current. Moreover,the design considerations such as readout modes, optimum bias points and devicedimensions are also discussed with respect to both responsivity and noiseequivalent power (NEP).
Web-based Argumentation	2016	"Assumption-Based Argumentation (ABA) is an argumentation framework that hasbeen proposed in the late 20th century. Since then, there was still no solverimplemented in a programming language which is easy to setup and no solver havebeen interfaced to the web, which impedes the interests of the public. Thisproject aims to implement an ABA solver in a modern programming language thatperforms reasonably well and interface it to the web for easier access by thepublic. This project has demonstrated the novelty of development of an ABAsolver, that computes conflict-free, stable, admissible, grounded, ideal, andcomplete semantics, in Python programming language which can be used via aneasy-to-use web interface for visualization of the argument and dispute trees.Experiments were conducted to determine the project's best configurations andto compare this project with proxdd, a state-of-the-art ABA solver, which hasno web interface and computes less number of semantics. From the results of theexperiments, this project's best configuration is achieved by utilizing""pickle"" technique and tree caching technique. Using this project's bestconfiguration, this project achieved a lower average runtime compared toproxdd. On other aspect, this project encountered more cases with exceptionscompared to proxdd, which might be caused by this project computing moresemantics and hence requires more resources to do so. Hence, it can be saidthat this project run comparably well to the state-of-the-art ABA solverproxdd. Future works of this project include computational complexity analysisand efficiency analysis of algorithms implemented, implementation of moresemantics in argumentation framework, and usability testing of the webinterface."
High-temperature charge density wave correlations in  La$_{1.875}$Ba$_{0.125}$CuO$_{4}$ without spin-charge locking	2016	Although all superconducting cuprates display charge-ordering tendencies,their low-temperature properties are distinct, impeding efforts to understandthe phenomena within a single conceptual framework. While some systems exhibitstripes of charge and spin, with a locked periodicity, others host chargedensity waves (CDWs) without any obviously related spin order. Here we useresonant inelastic x-ray scattering (RIXS) to follow the evolution of chargecorrelations in the canonical stripe ordered cuprateLa$_{1.875}$Ba$_{0.125}$CuO$_{4}$ (LBCO~$1/8$) across its ordering transition.We find that high-temperature charge correlations are unlocked from thewavevector of the spin correlations, signaling analogies to CDW phases invarious other cuprates. This indicates that stripe order at low temperatures isstabilized by the coupling of otherwise independent charge and spin densitywaves, with important implications for the relation between charge and spincorrelations in the cuprates.
Multiharmonic analysis for nonlinear acoustics with different scales	2017	The acoustic wave-propagation without mean flow and heat flux can bedescribed in terms of velocity and pressure by the compressible nonlinearNavier-Stokes equations, where boundary layers appear at walls due to theviscosity and a frequency interaction appears, $\textit{i.e.}$ sound at higherharmonics of the excited frequency $\omega$ is generated due to nonlinearadvection. We use the multiharmonic analysis to derive asymptotic expansionsfor small sound amplitudes and small viscosities both of order $\varepsilon^2$in which velocity and pressure fields are separated into far field andcorrecting near field close to walls and into contributions to the multiples of$\omega$. Based on the asymptotic expansion we present approximate models foreither the pressure or the velocity for order $0$, $1$ and $2$, in whichimpedance boundary conditions include the effect of viscous boundary layers andcontributions at frequencies $0$ and $2\cdot\omega$ depend nonlinearly on theapproximation at frequency $\omega$. In difference to the Navier-Stokesequations in time domain, which has to be resolved numerically with meshesadaptively refined towards the wall boundaries and explicit schemes require theuse of very small time steps, the approximative models can be solved infrequency domain on macroscopic meshes. We studied the accuracy of theapproximated models of different orders in numerical experiments comparing withreference solutions in time-domain.
Image sensor array based on graphene-CMOS integration	2017	Integrated circuits based on CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductors)are at the heart of the technological revolution of the past 40 years, as thesehave enabled compact and low cost micro-electronic circuits and imagingsystems. However, the diversification of this platform into applications otherthan microcircuits and visible light cameras has been impeded by the difficultyto combine other semiconductors than silicon with CMOS. Here, we show for thefirst time the monolithic integration of a CMOS integrated circuit withgraphene, operating as a high mobility phototransistor. We demonstrate ahigh-resolution image sensor and operate it as a digital camera that issensitive to UV, visible and infrared light. The demonstrated graphene-CMOSintegration is pivotal for incorporating 2d materials into the next generationmicroelectronics, sensor arrays, low-power integrated photonics and CMOSimaging systems covering visible, infrared and even terahertz frequencies.. Thedemonstrated graphene-CMOS integration is pivotal for incorporating 2dmaterials into the next generation microelectronics, sensor arrays, low-powerintegrated photonics and CMOS imaging systems covering visible, infrared andeven terahertz frequencies.
A Planning and Control Framework for Humanoid Systems: Robust, Optimal,  and Real-time Performance	2017	Humanoid robots are increasingly demanded to operate in interactive andhuman-surrounded environments while achieving sophisticated locomotion andmanipulation tasks. To accomplish these tasks, roboticists unremittingly seekfor advanced methods that generate whole-body coordination behaviors andmeanwhile fulfill various planning and control objectives. Undoubtedly, thesegoals pose fundamental challenges to the robotics and control community. Totake an incremental step towards reducing the performance gap betweentheoretical foundations and real implementations, we present a planning andcontrol framework for the humanoid, especially legged robots, for achievinghigh performance and generating agile motions. A particular concentration is onthe robust, optimal and real-time performance. This framework constitutes threehierarchical layers: First, we present a robust optimal phase-space planningframework for dynamic legged locomotion over rough terrain. This framework is ahybrid motion planner incorporating a series of pivotal components. Second, wetake a step toward formally synthesizing high-level reactive planners forwhole-body locomotion in constrained environments. We formulate a two-playertemporal logic game between the contact planner and its possibly-adversarialenvironment. Third, we propose a distributed control architecture for thelatency-prone humanoid robotic systems. A central experimental phenomenon isobserved that the stability of high impedance distributed controllers is highlysensitive to damping feedback delay but much less to stiffness feedback delay.We pursue a detailed analysis of the distributed controllers where dampingfeedback effort is executed in proximity to the control plant, and stiffnessfeedback effort is implemented in a latency-prone centralized control process.
How often does the best team win? A unified approach to understanding  randomness in North American sport	2017	Statistical applications in sports have long centered on how to best separatesignal (e.g. team talent) from random noise. However, most of this work hasconcentrated on a single sport, and the development of meaningful cross-sportcomparisons has been impeded by the difficulty of translating luck from onesport to another. In this manuscript, we develop Bayesian state-space modelsusing betting market data that can be uniformly applied across sportingorganizations to better understand the role of randomness in game outcomes.These models can be used to extract estimates of team strength, thebetween-season, within-season, and game-to-game variability of team strengths,as well each team's home advantage. We implement our approach across a decadeof play in each of the National Football League (NFL), National Hockey League(NHL), National Basketball Association (NBA), and Major League Baseball (MLB),finding that the NBA demonstrates both the largest dispersion in talent and thelargest home advantage, while the NHL and MLB stand out for their relativerandomness in game outcomes. We conclude by proposing new metrics for judgingcompetitiveness across sports leagues, both within the regular season and usingtraditional postseason tournament formats. Although we focus on sports, wediscuss a number of other situations in which our generalizable models might beusefully applied.
Underpinnings of Digital-photo interaction in Computer-mediated  platforms	2017	"This dissertation is based on five empirical research articles investigatingthe different latent factors that motivate and hinder the process ofdigital-photo interaction in computer-mediated platforms. Study I examine thecurrent practices surrounding digital photos in the context of personal photorepositories (N=15). Study II investigates the gratifications and impedingfactors associated with photo-tagging activity on Facebook (N=67). Study IIIdevelops and tests an instrument for understanding the gratifications ofFacebook photo-sharing (N=368). Study IV examines the impact of various aspectsof privacy in relation to photo-sharing intentions on Facebook (N=378).Finally, study V investigates the age and gender differences regarding variousaspects of privacy and trust in the context of photo-sharing activity onFacebook (N=378). The dissertation reveals the following findings: First, lackof ""social features"" is one of the essential reasons for non-acceptance oftagging feature in standalone photo management applications. Second,photo-sharing and photo-tagging adoption and popularity can be attributed tovarious factors such as affection, attention, communication, disclosure, habit,information sharing, self-expression, socialization, and social influence.Third, age, gender, and activity influence photo-sharing and photo-tagginggratifications. Fourth, in the context of Facebook photo-sharing, variousaspects of privacy significantly impact users trust and activity andconsequently photo-sharing intentions. Fifth, women and young Facebook usersare significantly more concerned about the privacy of their shared photos.Sixth, privacy-protective measures are significantly exercised more by youngFacebook users, yet they exhibit more trust and a higher level of activity onFacebook."
Possible hundredfold enhancement in the direct magnetic coupling of a  single atomic spin to a circuit resonator	2017	We report on the challenges and limitations of direct coupling of themagnetic field from a circuit resonator to an electron spin bound to a donorpotential. We propose a device consisting of a trilayer lumped-elementsuperconducting resonator and a single donor implanted in enriched $^{28}$Si.The resonator impedance is significantly smaller than the practicallyachievable limit using prevalent coplanar resonators. Furthermore, theresonator includes a nano-scale spiral inductor to spatially focus the magneticfield from the photons at the location of the implanted donor. The designpromises approximately two orders of magnitude increase in the local magneticfield, and thus the spin to photon coupling rate $g$, compared to the estimatedcoupling rate to the magnetic field of coplanar transmission-line resonators.We show that by using niobium (aluminum) as the resonator's superconductor anda single phosphorous (bismuth) atom as the donor, a coupling rate of$g/2\pi$=0.24 MHz (0.39 MHz) can be achieved in the single photon regime. Forthis hybrid cavity quantum electrodynamic system, such enhancement in $g$ issufficient to enter the strong coupling regime.
Identifiability and parameter estimation of the single particle  lithium-ion battery model	2017	This paper investigates the identifiability and estimation of the parametersof the single particle model (SPM) for lithium-ion battery simulation.Identifiability is addressed both in principle and in practice. The approachbegins by grouping parameters and partially non-dimensionalising the SPM todetermine the maximum expected degrees of freedom in the problem. We discoverthat, excluding open circuit voltage, there are only six independentparameters. We then examine the structural identifiability by consideringwhether the transfer function of the linearised SPM is unique. It is found thatthe model is unique provided that the electrode open circuit voltage functionshave a known non-zero gradient, the parameters are ordered, and the electrodekinetics are lumped into a single charge transfer resistance parameter. We thendemonstrate the practical estimation of model parameters from measuredfrequency-domain experimental electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS)data, and show additionally that the parametrised model provides goodpredictive capabilities in the time domain, exhibiting a maximum voltage errorof 20 mV between model and experiment over a 10 minute dynamic discharge.
On methods to determine bounds on the Q-factor for a given directivity	2017	This paper revisit and extend the interesting case of bounds on the Q-factorfor a given directivity for a small antenna of arbitrary shape. A higherdirectivity in a small antenna is closely connected with a narrow impedancebandwidth. The relation between bandwidth and a desired directivity is stillnot fully understood, not even for small antennas. Initial investigations inthis direction has related the radius of a circumscribing sphere to thedirectivity, and bounds on the Q-factor has also been derived for a partialdirectivity in a given direction. In this paper we derive lower bounds on theQ-factor for a total desired directivity for an arbitrarily shaped antenna in agiven direction as a convex problem using semi-definite relaxation techniques(SDR). We also show that the relaxed solution is also a solution of theoriginal problem of determining the lower Q-factor bound for a total desireddirectivity.  SDR can also be used to relax a class of other interesting non-convexconstraints in antenna optimization such as tuning, losses, front-to-backratio. We compare two different new methods to determine the lowest Q-factorfor arbitrary shaped antennas for a given total directivity. We also compareour results with full EM-simulations of a parasitic element antenna with highdirectivity.
Acoustic metasurfaces for scattering-free anomalous reflection and  refraction	2017	Manipulation of acoustic wavefronts by thin and planar devices, known asmetasurfaces, has been extensively studied, in view of many importantapplications. Reflective and refractive metasurfaces are designed using thegeneralized reflection and Snell's laws, which tell that local phase shifts atthe metasurface supply extra momentum to the wave, presumably allowingarbitrary control of reflected or transmitted waves. However, as it has beenrecently shown for the electromagnetic counterpart, conventional metasurfacesbased on the generalized laws of reflection and refraction have importantdrawbacks in terms of power efficiency. This work presents a new synthesismethod of acoustic metasurfaces for anomalous reflection and transmission thatovercomes the fundamental limitations of conventional designs, allowing fullcontrol of acoustic energy flow. The results show that different mechanisms arenecessary in the reflection and transmission scenarios for ensuring perfectperformance. Metasurfaces for anomalous reflection require non-local response,which allows energy channeling along the metasurface. On other hand, forperfect manipulation of anomalously transmitted waves, local and non-symmetricresponse is required. These conclusions are interpreted through appropriatesurface impedance models which are used to find possible physicalimplementations of perfect metasurfaces in each scenario. We hope that thisadvance in the design of acoustic metasurfaces opens new avenues not only forperfect anomalous reflection and transmission but also for realizing morecomplex functionalities, such as focusing, self-bending or vortex generation.
Low-energy Structural Dynamics of Ferroelectric Domain Walls in  Hexagonal Rare-earth Manganites	2017	Domain walls (DWs) in ferroic materials, across which the order parameterabruptly changes its orientation, can host emergent properties that are absentin the bulk domains. Using a broadband ($10^6-10^{10}$ Hz) scanning impedancemicroscope, we show that the electrical response of the interlocked antiphaseboundaries and ferroelectric domain walls in hexagonal rare-earth manganites($h-RMnO_3$) is dominated by the bound-charge oscillation rather thanfree-carrier conduction at the DWs. As a measure of the rate of energydissipation, the effective conductivity of DWs on the (001) surfaces of$h-RMnO_3$ at GHz frequencies is drastically higher than that at dc, while theeffect is absent on surfaces with in-plane polarized domains. First-principlesand model calculations indicate that the frequency range and selection rulesare consistent with the periodic sliding of the DW around its equilibriumposition. This acoustic-wave-like mode, which is associated with thesynchronized oscillation of local polarization and apical oxygen atoms, islocalized perpendicular to the DW but free to propagate along the DW plane. Ourresults break the ground to understand structural DW dynamics and exploit newinterfacial phenomena for novel devices.
ArrayBridge: Interweaving declarative array processing with  high-performance computing	2017	Scientists are increasingly turning to datacenter-scale computers to produceand analyze massive arrays. Despite decades of database research that extolsthe virtues of declarative query processing, scientists still write, debug andparallelize imperative HPC kernels even for the most mundane queries. Thisimpedance mismatch has been partly attributed to the cumbersome data loadingprocess; in response, the database community has proposed in situ mechanisms toaccess data in scientific file formats. Scientists, however, desire more than apassive access method that reads arrays from files.  This paper describes ArrayBridge, a bi-directional array view mechanism forscientific file formats, that aims to make declarative array manipulationsinteroperable with imperative file-centric analyses. Our prototypeimplementation of ArrayBridge uses HDF5 as the underlying array storage libraryand seamlessly integrates into the SciDB open-source array database system. Inaddition to fast querying over external array objects, ArrayBridge producesarrays in the HDF5 file format just as easily as it can read from it.ArrayBridge also supports time travel queries from imperative kernels throughthe unmodified HDF5 API, and automatically deduplicates between array versionsfor space efficiency. Our extensive performance evaluation in NERSC, alarge-scale scientific computing facility, shows that ArrayBridge exhibitsstatistically indistinguishable performance and I/O scalability to the nativeSciDB storage engine.
Spin orbit coupling and Lorentz force enhanced efficiency of TiO2 based  dye sensitized solar cells	2017	We report on the effect of the strong spin orbit coupling and the Lorentzforce on the efficiency of TiO2 based dye sensitized solar cells. Uponinclusion of Ho2O3, due to the strong spin orbit coupling of the rare earthHo3+ ion, we do see 13 percent enhancement in the efficiency. We attribute suchan enhancement in power conversion efficiency to the increased lifetime of thephoto-excited excitons. Essentially, a Ho3+ ion accelerates the phenomenon ofthe spin rephasing or the intersystem crossing of the excitons in aphotosensitizer. Increase in the absorbance and decrease in thephotoluminescence intensity suggests a decrease in the recombination rate,hinting an enhanced charge transport and is in accordance with ourelectrochemical impedance spectra and the J V characteristics. From the abovewe strongly believe that enhanced efficiency of the device is due to increasedintersystem crossing which would accelerate the exciton dissociation. On top ofspin orbit interaction, a configuration where the electric and magnetic fieldsare perpendicular to each other helped in enhancing the efficiency by 16percent, suggesting that the Lorentz force also plays a dominant role incontrolling the charge transport of the photo-generated charge carriers. Westrongly believe that this simple and novel strategy of improving theefficiency may pave the way for realizing higher efficiency dye sensitizedsolar cells.
Direct Application of the Phase Estimation Algorithm to Find the  Eigenvalues of the Hamiltonians	2017	The eigenvalue of a Hamiltonian, $\mathcal{H}$, can be estimated through thephase estimation algorithm given the matrix exponential of the Hamiltonian,$exp(-i\mathcal{H})$. The difficulty of this exponentiation impedes theapplications of the phase estimation algorithm particularly when $\mathcal{H}$is composed of non-commuting terms. In this paper, we present a method to usethe Hamiltonian matrix directly in the phase estimation algorithm by using anancilla based framework: In this framework, we also show how to find the powerof the Hamiltonian matrix-which is necessary in the phase estimationalgorithm-through the successive applications. This may eliminate the necessityof matrix exponential for the phase estimation algorithm and therefore providean efficient way to estimate the eigenvalues of particular Hamiltonians. Theclassical and quantum algorithmic complexities of the framework are analyzedfor the Hamiltonians which can be written as a sum of simple unitary matricesand shown that a Hamiltonian of order $2^n$ written as a sum of $L$ number ofsimple terms can be used in the phase estimation algorithm with $(n+1+logL)$number of qubits and $O(2^anL)$ number of quantum operations, where $a$ is thenumber of iterations in the phase estimation. In addition, we use theHamiltonian of the hydrogen molecule as an example system and present thesimulation results for finding its ground state energy.
Neural Sketch Learning for Conditional Program Generation	2017	"We study the problem of generating source code in a strongly typed, Java-likeprogramming language, given a label (for example a set of API calls or types)carrying a small amount of information about the code that is desired. Thegenerated programs are expected to respect a ""realistic"" relationship betweenprograms and labels, as exemplified by a corpus of labeled programs availableduring training.  Two challenges in such conditional program generation are that the generatedprograms must satisfy a rich set of syntactic and semantic constraints, andthat source code contains many low-level features that impede learning. Weaddress these problems by training a neural generator not on code but onprogram sketches, or models of program syntax that abstract out names andoperations that do not generalize across programs. During generation, we infera posterior distribution over sketches, then concretize samples from thisdistribution into type-safe programs using combinatorial techniques. Weimplement our ideas in a system for generating API-heavy Java code, and showthat it can often predict the entire body of a method given just a few APIcalls or data types that appear in the method."
Searching for high-frequency gravitational waves by ground high field  magnetic resonant sweepings	2017	With laser interferometers, LIGO-Virgo collaboration has recently realizedthe direct detections of the intermediate-frequency (i.e., from dozens tohundreds of Hertz) gravitational waves (GWs) by probing theirmechanically-tidal responses. Alternatively, in this letter we propose afeasible approach to actively search for the high-frequency GWs by probingtheir electromagnetic responses (EMRs) in a high alternating magnetic field.  Differing from the original Gertsenshtein-Zeldovich configuration (in whichthe EMRs are proportional to the square of the amplitudes of the GWs, andconsequently are too weak to be detected experimentally), the EMRs of the GWspassing through the present configuration are linearly related to theamplitudes of the GWs and thus the relevant signals are detectable with thecurrent weak-light detection technique.  As the wave impedances of the GWs-induced electromagnetic signals (EMSs) arevery different from those the EM radiations in flat space-time, i.e, ($\cong377 \Omega$), the stronger background noises (without any GWs information)could be effectively filtered out by using wave-matching technique.  Given the frequency of the applied alternating magnetic field is convenientlyadjustable, the configuration proposed here could be utilized to activelysearch for the GWs (if they really exist) in a sufficiently-wide frequency band(e.g., could be $10^7-10^{12}$Hz), once the scale of the cavity and thesweeping frequency of the applied alternating magnetic field are experimentallyachievable.
Towards Probabilistic Formal Modeling of Robotic Cell Injection Systems	2017	Cell injection is a technique in the domain of biological cellmicro-manipulation for the delivery of small volumes of samples into thesuspended or adherent cells. It has been widely applied in various areas, suchas gene injection, in-vitro fertilization (IVF), intracytoplasmic sperminjection (ISCI) and drug development. However, the existing manual andsemi-automated cell injection systems require lengthy training and suffer fromhigh probability of contamination and low success rate. In the recentlyintroduced fully automated cell injection systems, the injection force plays avital role in the success of the process since even a tiny excessive force candestroy the membrane or tissue of the biological cell. Traditionally, the forcecontrol algorithms are analyzed using simulation, which is inherentlynon-exhaustive and incomplete in terms of detecting system failures. Moreover,the uncertainties in the system are generally ignored in the analysis. Toovercome these limitations, we present a formal analysis methodology based onprobabilistic model checking to analyze a robotic cell injection systemutilizing the impedance force control algorithm. The proposed methodology,developed using the PRISM model checker, allowed to find a discrepancy in thealgorithm, which was not found by any of the previous analysis using thetraditional methods.
Anyonic self-induced disorder in a stabilizer code: quasi-many body  localization in a translational invariant model	2017	We enquire into the quasi-many-body localization in topologically orderedstates of matter, revolving around the case of Kitaev toric code on laddergeometry, where different types of anyonic defects carry different massesinduced by environmental errors. Our study verifies that random arrangement ofanyons generates a complex energy landscape solely through braiding statistics,which suffices to suppress the diffusion of defects in such multi-componentanyonic liquid. This non-ergodic dynamic suggests a promising scenario forinvestigation of quasi-many-body localization. Computing standard diagnosticsevidences that, in such disorder-free many-body system, a typical initialinhomogeneity of anyons gives birth to a glassy dynamics with an exponentiallydiverging time scale of the full relaxation. A by-product of this dynamicaleffect is manifested by the slow growth of entanglement entropy, withcharacteristic time scales bearing resemblance to those of inhomogeneityrelaxation. This setting provides a new platform which paves the way towardimpeding logical errors by self-localization of anyons in a generic, highenergy state, originated in their exotic statistics.
Plug-and-play and coordinated control for bus-connected AC islanded  microgrids	2017	This paper presents a distributed control architecture for voltage andfrequency stabilization in AC islanded microgrids. In the primary controllayer, each generation unit is equipped with a local controller acting on thecorresponding voltage-source converter. Following the plug-and-play designapproach previously proposed by some of the authors, whenever theaddition/removal of a distributed generation unit is required, feasibility ofthe operation is automatically checked by designing local controllers throughconvex optimization. The update of the voltage-control layer, when units plug-in/-out, is therefore automatized and stability of the microgrid is alwayspreserved. Moreover, local control design is based only on the knowledge ofparameters of power lines and it does not require to store a global microgridmodel. In this work, we focus on bus-connected microgrid topologies and enhancethe primary plug-and-play layer with local virtual impedance loops andsecondary coordinated controllers ensuring bus voltage tracking and reactivepower sharing. In particular, the secondary control architecture isdistributed, hence mirroring the modularity of the primary control layer. Wevalidate primary and secondary controllers by performing experiments withbalanced, unbalanced and nonlinear loads, on a setup composed of threebus-connected distributed generation units. Most importantly, the stability ofthe microgrid after the addition/removal of distributed generation units isassessed. Overall, the experimental results show the feasibility of theproposed modular control design framework, where generation units can beadded/removed on the fly, thus enabling the deployment of virtual power plantsthat can be resized over time.
A method for measuring the nonlinear response in dielectric spectroscopy  through third harmonics detection	2009	We present a high sensitivity method allowing the measurement of the nonlinear dielectric susceptibility of an insulating material at finite frequency.It has been developped for the study of dynamic heterogeneities in supercooledliquids using dielectric spectroscopy at frequencies 0.05 Hz < f < 30000 Hz .It relies on the measurement of the third harmonics component of the currentflowing out of a capacitor. We first show that standard laboratory electronics(amplifiers and voltage sources) nonlinearities lead to limits on the thirdharmonics measurements that preclude reaching the level needed by our physicalgoal, a ratio of the third harmonics to the fundamental signal about 7 ordersof magnitude lower than 1. We show that reaching such a sensitivity needs amethod able to get rid of the nonlinear contributions both of the measuringdevice (lock-in amplifier) and of the excitation voltage source. A bridge usingtwo sources fulfills only the first of these two requirements, but allows tomeasure the nonlinearities of the sources. Our final method is based on abridge with two plane capacitors characterized by different dielectric layerthicknesses. It gets rid of the source and amplifier nonlinearities because inspite of a strong frequency dependence of the capacitors impedance, it isequilibrated at any frequency. We present the first measurements of thephysical nonlinear response using our method. Two extensions of the method aresuggested.
Direct jet reconstruction in p + p and Cu + Cu at PHENIX	2009	The Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider collides heavy nuclei atultrarelativistic energies, creating a strongly interacting, partonic mediumthat is opaque to the passage of high energy quarks and gluons. Direct jetreconstruction applied to these collision systems provides a crucial constrainton the mechanism for in-medium parton energy loss and jet-medium interactions.However, traditional jet reconstruction algorithm operating in the large softbackground at RHIC give rise to fake jets well above the intrinsic productionrate of high-pT partons, impeding the detection of the low cross section jetsignal at RHIC energies. We developed a new jet reconstruction algorithm thatuses a Gaussian filter to locate and reconstruct the jet energy. This algorithmis combined with a fake jet rejection scheme that provides efficient jetreconstruction with acceptable fake rate in a background environment up to thecentral Au + Au collision at sqrt(s_NN) = 200 GeV. We present results of itsapplication in p + p and Cu + Cu collisions using data from the PHENIXdetector, namely p + p cross section, Cu + Cu jet yields, the Cu + Cu nuclearmodification factor, and Cu + Cu jet-jet azimuthal correlation.
CSIP - a Novel Photon-Counting Detector Applicable for the SPICA  Far-Infrared Instrument	2009	We describe a novel GaAs/AlGaAs double-quantum-well device for the infraredphoton detection, called Charge-Sensitive Infrared Phototransistor (CSIP). Theprinciple of CSIP detector is the photo-excitation of an intersubbandtransition in a QW as an charge integrating gate and the signal amplificationby another QW as a channel with very high gain, which provides us withextremely high responsivity (10^4 -- 10^6 A/W). It has been demonstrated thatthe CSIP designed for the mid-infrared wavelength (14.7 um) has an excellentsensitivity; the noise equivalent power (NEP) of 7x10^-19 W/rHz with thequantum efficiency of ~2%. Advantages of the CSIP against the other highlysensitive detectors are, huge dynamic range of >10^6, low output impedance of10^3 -- 10^4 Ohms, and relatively high operation temperature (>2K). We discusspossible applications of the CSIP to FIR photon detection covering 35 -- 60 umwaveband, which is a gap uncovered with presently available photoconductors.
Biocompatibility of Pristine Graphene Monolayers, Nanosheets and Thin  Films	2014	There is an increasing interest to develop nanoscale biocompatible graphenestructures due to their desirable physicochemical properties, unlimitedapplication opportunities and scalable production. Here we report thepreparation, characterization and biocompatibility assessment of novel grapheneflakes and their enabled thin films suitable for a wide range of biomedical andelectronic applications. Graphene flakes were synthesized by a chemical vapourdeposition method or a liquid-phase exfoliation procedure and then thin filmswere prepared by transferring graphene onto glass coverslips. Ramanspectroscopy and transmission electron microscopy confirmed a predominantlymonolayer and a high crystalline quality formation of graphene. Thebiocompatibility assessment of graphene thin films and graphene flakes wasperformed using cultured human lung epithelial cell line A549 employing amultimodal approach incorporating automated imaging, high content screening,real-time impedance sensing in combination with biochemical assays. Nodetectable changes in the cellular morphology or attachment of A549 cellsgrowing on graphene thin films or cells exposed to graphene flakes (0.1 to 5ug/mL) for 4 to 72 h was observed. Graphene treatments caused a very low levelof increase in cellular production of reactive oxygen species in A549 cells,but no detectable damage to the nuclei such as changes in morphology,condensation or fragmentation was observed. In contrast, carbon black proved tobe significantly more toxic than the graphene. These data open up a promisingview of using graphene enabled composites for a diverse scope of saferapplications.
A Resistive Wideband Space Beam Splitter	2014	We present the design, construction and measurements of the electromagneticperformance of a wideband space beam splitter. The beam splitter is designed topower divide the incident radiation into reflected and transmitted componentsfor interferometer measurement of spectral features in the mean cosmic radiobackground. Analysis of a 2-element interferometer configuration with avertical beam splitter between a pair of antennas leads to the requirement thatthe beam splitter be a resistive sheet with sheet resistance {\eta}o /2, where{\eta}o is the impedance of free space. The transmission and reflectionproperties of such a sheet is computed for normal and oblique incidences andfor orthogonal polarizations of the incident electric field. We haveconstructed such an electromagnetic beam splitter as a square soldered grid ofresistors of value 180 Ohms (approximately {\eta}o /2) and a grid size of 0.1m, and present measurements of the reflection and transmission coefficientsover a wide frequency range between 50 and 250 MHz in which the wavelength wellexceeds the mesh size. Our measurements of the coefficients for voltagetransmission and reflection agree to within 5% with physical optics modeling ofthe wave propagation, which takes into account edge diffraction.
Non-oscillatory flux correlation functions for efficient nonadiabatic  rate theory	2014	There is currently much interest in the development of improvedtrajectory-based methods for the simulation of nonadiabatic processes incomplex systems. An important goal for such methods is the accurate calculationof the rate constant over a wide range of electronic coupling strengths and itis often the nonadiabatic, weak-coupling limit, which being far from theBorn-Oppenheimer regime, provides the greatest challenge to current methods. Weshow that in this limit there is an inherent sign problem impeding furtherdevelopment which originates from the use of the usual quantum flux correlationfunctions, which can be very oscillatory at short times. From linear responsetheory, we derive a modified flux correlation function for the calculation ofnonadiabatic reaction rates, which still rigorously gives the correct result inthe long-time limit regardless of electronic coupling strength, but unlike theusual formalism is not oscillatory in the weak-coupling regime. In particular,a trajectory simulation of the modified correlation function is naturallyinitialized in a region localized about the crossing of the potential energysurfaces. In the weak-coupling limit, a simple link can be found between thedynamics initialized from this transition-state region and an generalizedquantum golden-rule transition-state theory, which is equivalent to Marcustheory in the classical harmonic limit. This new correlation function formalismthus provides a platform on which a wide variety of dynamical simulationmethods can be built aiding the development of accurate nonadiabatic ratetheories applicable to complex systems.
Effects of Geometry on Near Quantum Ground State Behaviour of  Phonon-Trapping Acoustic Cavities	2014	This work presents some peculiarities of the near quantum ground statebehaviour of curved (phonon trapping) Bulk Acoustic Wave (BAW) cavities whencompared to a conventional mechanical resonator. The curved cavity systemresolves the quandary of the conventional mechanical system where theBose-Einstein distribution requires higher frequencies for lower quantumoccupation factors contrary to the constraint of an inverse frequencydependence of the quantum fluctuations of displacement. We demonstrate how thenon-trivial cavity geometry can lead to better phonon trapping, enhancing thevariance of zero-point-fluctuations of displacement. This variance becomesindependent of overtone number (or BAW resonance frequency) overcoming theconstraint and allowing better observation of quantum effects in a mechanicalsystem. The piezoelectric electro-mechanical coupling approach is qualitativelycompared to the parametric optomechanical technique for the curved BAWcavities. In both cases the detectible quantity grows proportional to thesquare root of the overtone number, and thus the resonance frequency. Also, thephonon trapping improves with higher overtone numbers, which allows theelectrode size to be reduced such that in the optimal case the parasiticcapacitive impedance becomes independent of the overtone number, allowingeffective coupling to very high frequency overtones.
Group delay in THz spectroscopy with ultra-wideband log-spiral antennae	2014	"We report on the group delay observed in continuous-wave terahertzspectroscopy based on photomixing with phase-sensitive homodyne detection. Wediscuss the different contributions of the experimental setup to the phasedifference \Delta\phi(\nu) between transmitter arm and receiver arm. A simplemodel based on three contributions yields a quantitative description of theoverall behavior of \Delta\phi(\nu). Firstly, the optical path-lengthdifference gives rise to a term linear in frequency. Secondly, theultra-wideband log-spiral antennae effectively radiate and receive in afrequency-dependent active region, which in the most simple model is an annulararea with a circumference equal to the wavelength. The corresponding termchanges by roughly 6 pi between 100 GHz and 1 THz. The third contribution stemsfrom the photomixer impedance. In contrast, the derivative (d\Delta\phi / d\nu)is dominated by the contribution of periodic modulations of \Delta\phi(\nu)caused by standing waves, e.g., in the photomixers' Si lenses. Furthermore, wediscuss the Fourier-transformed spectra, which are equivalent to the waveformin a time-domain experiment. In the time domain, the group delay introduced bythe log-spiral antennae gives rise to strongly chirped signals, in which lowfrequencies are delayed. Correcting for the contributions of antennae andphotomixers yields sharp peaks or ""pulses"" and thus facilitates atime-domain-like analysis of our continuous-wave data."
Beating no-go theorems by engineering defects in quantum spin models	2014	There exist diverse no-go theorems, ranging from no-cloning to monogamies ofquantum correlations and Bell inequality violations, which restrict theprocessing of information in the quantum world. In a multipartite scenario,monogamy of Bell inequality violation and exclusion principle of dense codingare such theorems, which impede the ability of the system to have quantumadvantage between all its parts. In ordered spin systems, the twin restrictionsof translation invariance and monogamy of quantum correlations, in general,enforce the bipartite states to be neither Bell inequality violating nordense-codeable. We show that these quantum characteristics, viz. Bellinequality violation and dense-codeability, can be resurrected, and thereby theno-go theorems overcome, by having quenched disorder in the system parametersleading to quantum spin glass or quantum random field models. We show that thequantum characteristics are regained even though the quenched averaging keepsthe disordered spin chains translationally invariant at the physically relevantlevel of observables. The results show that it is possible to conquerconstraints imposed by quantum mechanics in ordered systems by introducingimpurities.
Are protoplanetary disks born with vortices? -- Rossby wave instability  driven by protostellar infall	2015	We carry out two-fluid, two-dimensional global hydrodynamic simulations totest whether protostellar infall can trigger Rossby wave instability (RWI) inprotoplanetry disks. Our results show that infall can trigger the RWI andgenerate vortices near the outer edge of the mass landing on the disk (i.e.centrifugal radius). We find that the RWI is triggered under a variety ofconditions, although the details depend on the disk parameters and the infallpattern. The common key feature of triggering the RWI is the steep radialgradient of the azimuthal velocity induced by the local increase in density atthe outer edge of the infall region. Vortices form when the instability entersthe nonlinear regime. In our standard model where self-gravity is neglected,vortices merge together to a single vortex within $\sim 20$ local orbitaltimes, and the merged vortex survives for the remaining duration of thecalculation ($> 170$ local orbital times). The vortex takes part in outwardangular momentum transport, with a Reynolds stress of $\lesssim10^{-2}$. Ourtwo-fluid calculations show that vortices efficiently trap dust particles withstopping times of the order of the orbital time, locally enhancing the dust togas ratio for particles of the appropriate size by a factor of $\sim 40$ in ourstandard model. When self-gravity is considered, however, vortices tend to beimpeded from merging and may eventually dissipate. We conclude it may well havethat protoplanetary disks have favorable conditions for vortex formation duringthe protostellar infall phase, which might enhance early planetary coreformation.
H$$ and EUV observations of a partial CME	2015	"We have obtained H$\alpha$ high spatial and time resolution observations ofthe upper solar chromosphere and supplemented these with multi-wavelengthobservations from the Solar Dynamic Observatory (SDO) and the {\it Hinode}ExtremeUltraviolet Imaging Spectrometer (EIS). The H$\alpha$ observations wereconducted on 11 February 2012 with the Hydrogen-Alpha Rapid Dynamics Camera(HARDcam) instrument at the National Solar Observatory's Dunn Solar Telescope.Our H$\alpha$ observations found large downflows of chromospheric materialreturning from coronal heights following a failed prominence eruption. We havedetected several large condensations (""blobs"") returning to the solar surfaceat velocities of $\approx$200 km s$^{-1}$ in both H$\alpha$ and several SDO AIAband passes. The average derived size of these ""blobs"" in H$\alpha$ is 500 by3000 km$^2$ in the directions perpendicular and parallel to the direction oftravel, respectively. A comparison of our ""blob"" widths to those found fromcoronal rain, indicate there are additional smaller, unresolved ""blobs"" inagreement with previous studies and recent numerical simulations. Our observedvelocities and decelerations of the ""blobs"" in both H$\alpha$ and SDO bands areless than those expected for gravitational free-fall and imply additionalmagnetic or gas pressure impeding the flow. We derived a kinetic energy$\approx$2 orders of magnitude lower for the main eruption than a typical CME,which may explain its partial nature."
A numerical investigation on the vortex formation and flow separation of  the oscillatory flow in jet pumps	2015	A two-dimensional computational fluid dynamics model is used to predict theoscillatory flow through a tapered cylindrical tube section (jet pump) placedin a larger outer tube. Due to the shape of the jet pump, there will exist anasymmetry in the hydrodynamic end effects which will cause a time-averagedpressure drop to occur that can be used to cancel Gedeon streaming in aclosed-loop thermoacoustic device. The performance of two jet pump geometrieswith different taper angles is investigated. A specific time-domain impedanceboundary condition is implemented in order to simulate traveling acoustic waveconditions. It is shown that by scaling the acoustic displacement amplitude tothe jet pump dimensions, similar minor losses are observed independent of thejet pump geometry. Four different flow regimes are distinguished and theobserved flow phenomena are related to the jet pump performance. The simulatedjet pump performance is compared to an existing quasi-steady approximationwhich is shown to only be valid for small displacement amplitudes compared tothe jet pump length.
Analysis of the magneto-rotational instability with the effect of  cosmic-ray diffusion	2015	We present the results obtained from linear stability analysis and2.5-dimensional magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) simulations of the magnetorotationalinstability (MRI), including the effects of cosmic rays (CRs). We took intoaccount of the CR diffusion along the magnetic field but neglect thecross-field-line diffusion. Two models are considered in this paper: shearingbox model and differentially rotating cylinder model. We studied how MRI isaffected by the initial CR pressure (i.e., energy) distribution. In theshearing box model, the initial state is uniform distribution. Linear analysisshows that the growth rate of MRI does not depend on the value of CR diffusioncoefficient. In the differentially rotating cylinder model, the initial stateis a constant angular momentum polytropic disk threaded by weak uniformvertical magnetic field. Linear analysis shows that the growth rate of MRIbecomes larger if the CR diffusion coefficient is larger. Both results areconfirmed by MHD simulations. The MHD simulation results show that the outwardmovement of matter by the growth of MRI is not impeded by the CR pressuregradient, and the centrifugal force which acts to the concentrated matterbecomes larger. Consequently, the growth rate of MRI is increased. On the otherhand, if the initial CR pressure is uniform, then the growth rate of the MRIbarely depends on the value of the CR diffusion coefficient.
Epsilon-Near-Zero Al-Doped ZnO for Ultrafast Switching at Telecom  Wavelengths: Outpacing the Traditional Amplitude-Bandwidth Trade-Off	2015	"Transparent conducting oxides have recently gained great attention asCMOS-compatible materials for applications in nanophotonics due to their lowoptical loss, metal-like behavior, versatile/tailorable optical properties, andestablished fabrication procedures. In particular, aluminum doped zinc oxide(AZO) is very attractive because its dielectric permittivity can be engineeredover a broad range in the near infrared and infrared. However, despite allthese beneficial features, the slow (> 100 ps) electron-hole recombination timetypical of these compounds still represents a fundamental limitation impedingultrafast optical modulation. Here we report the first epsilon-near-zero AZOthin films which simultaneously exhibit ultra-fast carrier dynamics (excitationand recombination time below 1 ps) and an outstanding reflectance modulation upto 40% for very low pump fluence levels (< 4 mJ/cm2) at the telecom wavelengthof 1.3 {\mu}m. The unique properties of the demonstrated AZO thin films are theresult of a low temperature fabrication procedure promoting oxygen vacanciesand an ultra-high carrier concentration. As a proof-of-concept, an all-opticalAZO-based plasmonic modulator achieving 3 dB modulation in 7.5 {\mu}m andoperating at THz frequencies is numerically demonstrated. Our results overcomethe traditional ""modulation depth vs. speed"" trade-off by at least an order ofmagnitude, placing AZO among the most promising compounds fortunable/switchable nanophotonics."
Nature of short high amplitude pulses in a periodic dissipative laminate  metamaterial	2015	We study the evolution of high amplitude stress pulses in periodicdissipative laminates taking into account the nonlinear constitutive equationsof the components and their dissipative behavior. Aluminum and Tungstenlaminate was taken as an example due to the large difference in acousticimpedances of aluminum and tungsten, the significant nonlinearity of aluminumconstitutive equation at the investigated range of stresses, and its possiblepractical applications. Laminates with different cell size, which controlsinternal time scale, impacted by the plates with different thicknesses,determining the incoming pulse duration, were investigated. It has beenobserved that the ratio of the duration of the incoming pulse to the internalcharacteristic time determines the nature of the high amplitude dissipativepropagating waves, the oscillatory shock like profile, the train of localizedpulses or a single localized pulse. These localized quasistationary wavesresemble solitary waves even in the presence of dissipation: the similar pulsesemerged from different initial conditions, indicating that they are inherentproperties of the corresponding laminates, their characteristic length scale isdetermined by the mesostructural scale and the stress amplitude, and theymostly recover their shapes after collision with phase shift and a linearrelationship exists between their speed and amplitude. A theoreticaldescription approximating the shape, length scale and speed of these highamplitude dissipative pulses was proposed based on the Korteweg de Vries typeequation with a dispersive term dictated by the mesostructure. The nonlinearterm is derived from nonlinear constitutive equations of Aluminum and Tungsten,which were extracted from their Hugoniot curves.
Direct Imaging of Nanoscale Conductance Evolution in Ion-Gel-Gated Oxide  Transistors	2015	Electrostatic modification of functional materials by electrolytic gating hasdemonstrated a remarkably wide range of density modulation, a condition crucialfor developing novel electronic phases in systems ranging from complex oxidesto layered chalcogenides. Yet little is known microscopically when carriers aremodulated in electrolyte-gated electric double-layer transistors (EDLTs) due tothe technical challenge of imaging the buried electrolyte-semiconductorinterface. Here, we demonstrate the real-space mapping of the channelconductance in ZnO EDLTs using a cryogenic microwave impedance microscope. Aspin-coated ionic gel layer with typical thicknesses below 50 nm allows us toperform high resolution (on the order of 100 nm) sub-surface imaging, whilemaintaining the capability of inducing the metal-insulator transition under agate bias. The microwave images vividly show the spatial evolution of channelconductance and its local fluctuations through the transition, as well as theuneven conductance distribution established by a large source-drain bias. Theunique combination of ultra-thin ion-gel gating and microwave imaging offers anew opportunity to study the local transport and mesoscopic electronicproperties in EDLTs.
Graphlet Decomposition: Framework, Algorithms, and Applications	2015	From social science to biology, numerous applications often rely on graphletsfor intuitive and meaningful characterization of networks at both the globalmacro-level as well as the local micro-level. While graphlets have witnessed atremendous success and impact in a variety of domains, there has yet to be afast and efficient approach for computing the frequencies of these subgraphpatterns. However, existing methods are not scalable to large networks withmillions of nodes and edges, which impedes the application of graphlets to newproblems that require large-scale network analysis. To address these problems,we propose a fast, efficient, and parallel algorithm for counting graphlets ofsize k={3,4}-nodes that take only a fraction of the time to compute whencompared with the current methods used. The proposed graphlet countingalgorithms leverages a number of proven combinatorial arguments for differentgraphlets. For each edge, we count a few graphlets, and with these counts alongwith the combinatorial arguments, we obtain the exact counts of others inconstant time. On a large collection of 300+ networks from a variety ofdomains, our graphlet counting strategies are on average 460x faster thancurrent methods. This brings new opportunities to investigate the use ofgraphlets on much larger networks and newer applications as we show in theexperiments. To the best of our knowledge, this paper provides the largestgraphlet computations to date as well as the largest systematic investigationon over 300+ networks from a variety of domains.
Tunable multiphonon blockade in coupled nanomechanical resonators	2015	A single phonon in a nonlinear nanomechanical resonator (NAMR) can block theexcitation of a second phonon [Phys. Rev. A 82, 032101 (2010)]. Thisintrinsically quantum effect is called phonon blockade, and is an analog ofCoulomb blockade and photon blockade. Here we predict tunable multiphononblockade in coupled nonlinear NAMRs, where nonlinearity is induced by two-levelsystems (TLSs) assuming dispersive (far off-resonance) interactions.Specifically, we derive an effective Kerr-type interaction in a hybrid systemconsisting of two nonlinearly-interacting NAMRs coupled to two TLSs and drivenby classical fields. The interaction between a given NAMR and a TLS isdescribed by a Jaynes-Cummings-like model. We show that by properly tuning thefrequency of the driving fields one can induce various types of phononblockade, corresponding to the entangled phonon states of either two qubits,qutrit and quartit, or two qudits. Thus, a $k$-phonon Fock state (with$k=1,2,3$) can impede the excitation of more phonons in a given NAMR, which weinterpret as a $k$-phonon blockade (or, equivalently, phonon tunneling). Ourresults can be explained in terms of resonant transitions in the Fock space andvia phase-space interference using the $s$-parametrized Cahill-Glauberquasiprobability distributions including the Wigner function. We study thenonclassicality, entanglement, and dimensionality of the blockaded phononstates during both dynamics and in the stationary limits.
Detection of motional ground state population of a trapped ion using  delayed pulses	2015	Efficient preparation and detection of the motional state of trapped ions isimportant in many experiments ranging from quantum computation to precisionspectroscopy. We investigate the stimulated Raman adiabatic passage (STIRAP)technique for the manipulation of motional states in a trapped ion system. Thepresented technique uses a Raman coupling between two hyperfine ground statesin $^{25}$Mg$^+$, implemented with delayed pulses, which removes a singlephonon independent of the initial motional state. We show that for a thermalstate the STIRAP population transfer is more efficient than a stimulated RamanRabi pulse on a motional sideband. In contrast to previous implementations, alarge detuning of more than 200 times the natural linewidth of the transitionis used. This approach renders STIRAP suitable for atoms in which resonantlaser fields would populate fluorescing excited states and thus impede theSTIRAP process. We use the technique to measure the wavefunction overlap ofexcited motional states with the motional ground state. This is an importantapplication for photon recoil spectroscopy and other force sensing applicationsthat utilize the high sensitivity of the motional state of trapped ions toexternal fields. Furthermore, a determination of the ground state populationenables a simple measurement of the ion's temperature.
High-fidelity simulation of a standing-wave thermoacoustic-piezoelectric  engine	2015	We have carried out wall-resolved unstructured fully-compressibleNavier--Stokes simulations of a complete standing-wave thermoacousticpiezoelectric (TAP) engine model inspired by the experimental work of Smoker etal. (2012). The model is axisymmetric and comprises a 51 cm long resonatordivided into two sections: a small diameter section enclosing a thermoacousticstack, and a larger diameter section capped by a piezoelectric diaphragm tunedto the thermoacoustically amplified mode (388 Hz). The diaphragm is modelledwith multi-oscillator broadband time-domain impedance boundary conditions(TDIBCs), providing higher fidelity over single-oscillator approximations.Simulations are first carried out to the limit cycle without energy extraction.The observed growth rates are shown to be grid-convergent and are verifiedagainst a numerical dynamical model based on Rott's theory. The latter is basedon a staggered grid approach and allows jump conditions in the derivatives ofpressure and velocity in sections of abrupt area change and the inclusion oflinearized minor losses. The stack geometry maximizing the growth rate is alsofound. At the limit cycle, thermoacoustic heat leakage and frequency shifts areobserved, consistent with experiments. Upon activation of the piezoelectricdiaphragm, steady acoustic energy extraction and a reduced pressure amplitudelimit cycle are obtained. A heuristic closure of the limit cycle acousticenergy budget is presented, supported by the linear dynamical model and thenonlinear simulations. The developed high-fidelity simulation frameworkprovides accurate predictions of thermal-to-acoustic and acoustic-to-mechanicalenergy conversion (via TDIBCs), enabling a new paradigm for the design andoptimization of advanced thermoacoustic engines.
Sharing the Licensed Spectrum of Full-Duplex Systems using Improper  Gaussian Signaling	2015	Sharing the spectrum with in-band full-duplex (FD) primary users (PU) is achallenging and interesting problem in the underlay cognitive radio (CR)systems. The self-interference introduced at the primary network maydramatically impede the secondary user (SU) opportunity to access the spectrum.In this work, we attempt to tackle this problem through the use of theso-called improper Gaussian signaling. Such a signaling technique hasdemonstrated its superiority in improving the overall performance ininterference limited networks. Particularly, we assume a system with a SU pairworking in half-duplex mode that uses improper Gaussian signaling while the FDPU pair implements the regular proper Gaussian signaling techniques. First, wederive a closed form expression for the SU outage probability and an upperbound for the PU outage probability. Then, we optimize the SU signal parametersto minimize its outage probability while maintaining the required PUquality-of-service based on the average channel state information. Finally, weprovide some numerical results that validate the tightness of the PU outageprobability bound and demonstrate the advantage of employing the improperGaussian signaling to the SU in order to access the spectrum of the FD PU.
When is Stacking Confusing?: The Impact of Confusion on Stacking in Deep  HI Galaxy Surveys	2015	We present an analytic model to predict the HI mass contributed by confusedsources to a stacked spectrum in a generic HI survey. Based on the ALFALFAcorrelation function, this model is in agreement with the estimates ofconfusion present in stacked Parkes telescope data, and was used to predict howconfusion will limit stacking in the deepest SKA-precursor HI surveys. Stackingwith LADUMA and DINGO UDEEP data will only be mildly impacted by confusion iftheir target synthesised beam size of 10 arcsec can be achieved. Any beam sizesignificantly above this will result in stacks that contain a mass in confusedsources that is comparable to (or greater than) that which is detectable viastacking, at all redshifts. CHILES' 5 arcsec resolution is more than adequateto prevent confusion influencing stacking of its data, throughout its bandpassrange. FAST will be the most impeded by confusion, with HI surveys likelybecoming heavily confused much beyond z = 0.1. The largest uncertainties in ourmodel are the redshift evolution of the HI density of the Universe and the HIcorrelation function. However, we argue that the two idealised cases we adoptshould bracket the true evolution, and the qualitative conclusions areunchanged regardless of the model choice. The profile shape of the signal dueto confusion (in the absence of any detection) was also modelled, revealingthat it can take the form of a double Gaussian with a narrow and widecomponent.
BLASX: A High Performance Level-3 BLAS Library for Heterogeneous  Multi-GPU Computing	2015	Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms (BLAS) are a set of low level linear algebrakernels widely adopted by applications involved with the deep learning andscientific computing. The massive and economic computing power brought forth bythe emerging GPU architectures drives interest in implementation ofcompute-intensive level 3 BLAS on multi-GPU systems. In this paper, weinvestigate existing multi-GPU level 3 BLAS and present that 1) issues, such asthe improper load balancing, inefficient communication, insufficient GPU streamlevel concurrency and data caching, impede current implementations from fullyharnessing heterogeneous computing resources; 2) and the inter-GPUPeer-to-Peer(P2P) communication remains unexplored. We then present BLASX: ahighly optimized multi-GPU level-3 BLAS. We adopt the concepts ofalgorithms-by-tiles treating a matrix tile as the basic data unit andoperations on tiles as the basic task. Tasks are guided with a dynamicasynchronous runtime, which is cache and locality aware. The communication costunder BLASX becomes trivial as it perfectly overlaps communication andcomputation across multiple streams during asynchronous task progression. Italso takes the current tile cache scheme one step further by proposing aninnovative 2-level hierarchical tile cache, taking advantage of inter-GPU P2Pcommunication. As a result, linear speedup is observable with BLASX undermulti-GPU configurations; and the extensive benchmarks demonstrate that BLASXconsistently outperforms the related leading industrial and academic projectssuch as cuBLAS-XT, SuperMatrix, MAGMA and PaRSEC.
FireCaffe: near-linear acceleration of deep neural network training on  compute clusters	2015	Long training times for high-accuracy deep neural networks (DNNs) impederesearch into new DNN architectures and slow the development of high-accuracyDNNs. In this paper we present FireCaffe, which successfully scales deep neuralnetwork training across a cluster of GPUs. We also present a number of bestpractices to aid in comparing advancements in methods for scaling andaccelerating the training of deep neural networks. The speed and scalability ofdistributed algorithms is almost always limited by the overhead ofcommunicating between servers; DNN training is not an exception to this rule.Therefore, the key consideration here is to reduce communication overheadwherever possible, while not degrading the accuracy of the DNN models that wetrain. Our approach has three key pillars. First, we select network hardwarethat achieves high bandwidth between GPU servers -- Infiniband or Crayinterconnects are ideal for this. Second, we consider a number of communicationalgorithms, and we find that reduction trees are more efficient and scalablethan the traditional parameter server approach. Third, we optionally increasethe batch size to reduce the total quantity of communication during DNNtraining, and we identify hyperparameters that allow us to reproduce thesmall-batch accuracy while training with large batch sizes. When trainingGoogLeNet and Network-in-Network on ImageNet, we achieve a 47x and 39x speedup,respectively, when training on a cluster of 128 GPUs.
Optimal reservoir conditions for fluid extraction through permeable  walls in the viscous limit	2015	In biological transport mechanisms such as insect respiration and renalfiltration, fluid travels along a leaky channel allowing exchange with systemsexterior the the channel. The channels in these systems may undergo peristalticpumping which is thought to enhance the material exchange. To date, littleanalytic work has been done to study the effect of pumping on materialextraction across the channel walls. In this paper, we examine a fluidextraction model in which fluid flowing through a leaky channel is exchangedwith fluid in a reservoir. The channel walls are allowed to contract and expanduniformly, simulating a pumping mechanism. In order to efficiently determinesolutions of the model, we derive a formal power series solution for the Stokesequations in a finite channel with uniformly contracting/expanding permeablewalls. This flow has been well studied in the case of weakly permeable channelwalls in which the normal velocity at the channel walls is proportional to thewall velocity. In contrast we do not assume weakly driven flow, but flow drivenby hydrostatic pressure, and we use Dacry's law to close our system for normalwall velocity. We use our flow solution to examine flux across thechannel-reservoir barrier and demonstrate that pumping can either enhance orimpede fluid extraction across channel walls. We find that associated with eachset of physical flow and pumping parameters, there are optimal reservoirconditions that maximizes the amount of material flowing from the channel intothe reservoir.
Multimodal MRI Neuroimaging with Motion Compensation Based on Particle  Filtering	2015	Head movement during scanning impedes activation detection in fMRI studies.Head motion in fMRI acquired using slice-based Echo Planar Imaging (EPI) can beestimated and compensated by aligning the images onto a reference volumethrough image registration. However, registering EPI images volume to volumefails to consider head motion between slices, which may lead to severely biasedhead motion estimates. Slice-to-volume registration can be used to estimatemotion parameters for each slice by more accurately representing the imageacquisition sequence. However, accurate slice to volume mapping is dependent onthe information content of the slices: middle slices are information rich,while edge slides are information poor and more prone to distortion. In thiswork, we propose a Gaussian particle filter based head motion trackingalgorithm to reduce the image misregistration errors. The algorithm uses adynamic state space model of head motion with an observation equation thatmodels continuous slice acquisition of the scanner. Under this model theparticle filter provides more accurate motion estimates and voxel positionestimates. We demonstrate significant performance improvement of the proposedapproach as compared to registration-only methods of head motion estimation andbrain activation detection.
Characterization of the KID-Based Light Detectors of CALDER	2015	The aim of the Cryogenic wide-Area Light Detectors with Excellent Resolution(CALDER) project is the development of light detectors with active area of$5\times5$ cm$^2$ and noise energy resolution smaller than 20 eV RMS,implementing phonon-mediated kinetic inductance detectors. The detectors aredeveloped to improve the background suppression in large-mass bolometricexperiments such as CUORE, via the double read-out of the light and the heatreleased by particles interacting in the bolometers. In this work, we presentthe characterization of the first light detectors developed by CALDER. Wedescribe the analysis tools to evaluate the resonator parameters (resonantfrequency and quality factors) taking into account simultaneously all theresonance distortions introduced by the read-out chain (as the feed-lineimpedance and its mismatch) and by the power stored in the resonator itself. Wedetail the method for the selection of the optimal point for the detectoroperation (maximizing the signal-to-noise ratio). Finally, we present theresponse of the detector to optical pulses in the energy range of 0-30 keV.
In-situ comprehensive calibration of a tri-port nano-electro-mechanical  device	2015	We report on experiments performed in vacuum and at cryogenic temperatures ona tri-port nano-electro-mechanical (NEMS) device. One port is a very non-linearcapacitive actuation, while the two others implement the magnetomotive schemewith a linear input force port and a (quasi-linear) output velocity port. Wepresent an experimental method enabling a full characterization of thenanomechanical device harmonic response: the non-linear capacitance function$C(x)$ is derived, and the normal parameters $k$ and $m$ (spring constant andmass) of the mode under study are measured through a careful definition of themotion (in meters) and of the applied forces (in Newtons). These results areobtained with a series of purely electric measurements performed withoutdisconnecting/reconnecting the device, and rely only on known DC properties ofthe circuit, making use of a thermometric property of the oscillator itself: weuse the Young modulus of the coating metal as a thermometer, and theresistivity for Joule heating. The setup requires only three connecting lineswithout any particular matching, enabling the preservation of a high impedanceNEMS environment even at MHz frequencies. The experimental data are fit to adetailed electrical and thermal model of the NEMS device, demonstrating acomplete understanding of its dynamics. These methods are quite general and canbe adapted (as a whole, or in parts) to a large variety of elecromechanicaldevices.
Thickness-dependent Dielectric Constant of Few-layer In2Se3 Nano-flakes	2015	The dielectric constant or relative permittivity of a dielectric material,which describes how the net electric field in the medium is reduced withrespect to the external field, is a parameter of critical importance forcharging and screening in electronic devices. Such a fundamental materialproperty is intimately related to not only the polarizability of individualatoms, but also the specific atomic arrangement in the crystal lattice. In thisletter, we present both experimental and theoretical investigations on thedielectric constant of few-layer In2Se3 nano-flakes grown on mica substrates byvan der Waals epitaxy. A nondestructive microwave impedance microscope isemployed to simultaneously quantify the number of layers and local electricalproperties. The measured dielectric constant increases monotonically as afunction of the thickness and saturates to the bulk value at around 6 ~ 8quintuple layers. The same trend of layer-dependent dielectric constant is alsorevealed by first-principle calculations. Our results of the dielectricresponse, being ubiquitously applicable to layered 2D semiconductors, areexpected to be significant for this vibrant research field.
Spontaneous Recovery of Superhydrophobicity on Nanotextured Surfaces	2015	"Rough or textured hydrophobic surfaces are dubbed superhydrophobic due totheir numerous desirable properties, such as water repellency and interfacialslip. Superhydrophobicity stems from an aversion for water to wet the surfacetexture, so that a water droplet in the superhydrophobic ""Cassie state"",contacts only the tips of the rough hydrophobic surface. However,superhydrophobicity is remarkably fragile, and can break down due to thewetting of the surface texture to yield the ""Wenzel state"" under variousconditions, such as elevated pressures or droplet impact. Moreover, due tolarge energetic barriers that impede the reverse (dewetting) transition, thisbreakdown in superhydrophobicity is widely believed to be irreversible. Usingmolecular simulations in conjunction with enhanced sampling techniques, here weshow that on surfaces with nanoscale texture, water density fluctuations canlead to a reduction in the free energetic barriers to dewetting bycircumventing the classical dewetting pathways. In particular, thefluctuation-mediated dewetting pathway involves a number of transitions betweendistinct dewetted morphologies, with each transition lowering the resistance todewetting. Importantly, an understanding of the mechanistic pathways todewetting and their dependence on pressure, allows us to augment the surfacetexture design, so that the barriers to dewetting are eliminated altogether andthe Wenzel state becomes unstable at ambient conditions. Such robust surfaces,which defy classical expectations and can spontaneously recover theirsuperhydrophobicity, could have widespread importance, from underwateroperation to phase change heat transfer applications."
Modeling of the substrate influence on multielement THz detector  operation	2015	The development of THz multielement uncooled imagers based on focal planearrays (FPAs) requires an optimization of the system parameters to achieve ahomogeneous sensitivity of the array elements. Results of numerical simulationof the eight-element linear array of planar antennas with detecting elements,on a substrate of finite dimensions are presented. We establish how thesubstrate thickness h and the relative permittivity epsilon influence antennapattern and antenna-detector matching for each element. We show that theantenna pattern depends on the detector position more than the antenna-detectorimpedance matching. The gain of array elements, the antenna-detector matching,and the homogeneity of the detector sensitivity can be simultaneously optimizedby the proper choice of the substrate thickness h and the relative permittivityepsilon. We show that multielement systems with large substrate thickness andhigh relative permittivity are not suitable for the imaging systemimplementation. To achieve uniform multielement system sensitivity, substrateswith low permittivity (epsilon < 5) and/or low thickness (h < 60 mkm for the Sisubstrate) should be used. Finally, we investigate the operation of thedetector array with optimally chosen substrate parameters together with thefocusing lens, and show that the system is able to work as FPA withoutsignificant image corruption.
Efficient treatment of stacked metasurfaces for optimizing and enhancing  the range of accessible optical functionalities	2015	We present, discuss and validate an adapted S-matrix formalism for anefficient, simplified treatment of stacked homogeneous periodically structuredmetasurfaces operated under normally incident plane wave excitation. Theproposed formalism can be applied to any material system, arbitrarily shapedmetaatoms, at any frequency and with arbitrary subwavelength periods.Circumventing the introduction of any kind of effective parameters we directlyuse the S-parameters of the individual metasurfaces to calculate the responseof an arbitrary stack. In fact, the S-parameters are the complex parameters ofchoice fully characterizing the homogeneous metasurfaces, in particular withrespect to its polarization manipulating properties. Just as effective materialparameters like the permittivity and the permeability or wave parameters likethe propagation constant and the impedance, the stacking based upon S-matricescan be applied as long as the individual layers are decoupled with respect totheir near-fields. This requirement eventually sets the limits for using theoptical properties of the individual layers to calculate the response of thestacked system - this being the conceptual aim for any homogeneous metasurfaceor metamaterial layer and therefore the essence of what is eventually possiblewith homogeneous metasurfaces. As simple and appealing this approach is, aspowerful it is as well: Combining structured metasurface with each other aswell as with isotropic, anisotropic or chiral homogeneous layers is possible bysimple semi-analytical S-matrix multiplication. Hence, complex stacks andresonators can be set up, accurately treated and optimized with respect totheir dispersive polarization sensitive optical functionality without the needfor further rigorous full-wave simulations.
Perfect control of reflection and refraction using spatially dispersive  metasurfaces	2016	Non-uniform metasurfaces (electrically thin composite layers) can be used forshaping refracted and reflected electromagnetic waves. However, known designapproaches based on the generalized refraction and reflection laws do not allowrealization of perfectly performing devices: there are always some parasiticreflections into undesired directions. In this paper we introduce and discuss ageneral approach to the synthesis of metasurfaces for full control oftransmitted and reflected plane waves and show that perfect performance can berealized. The method is based on the use of an equivalent impedance matrixmodel which connects the tangential field components at the two sides on themetasurface. With this approach we are able to understand what physicalproperties of the metasurface are needed in order to perfectly realize thedesired response. Furthermore, we determine the required polarizabilities ofthe metasurface unit cells and discuss suitable cell structures. It appearsthat only spatially dispersive metasurfaces allow realization of perfectrefraction and reflection of incident plane waves into arbitrary directions. Inparticular, ideal refraction is possible only if the metasurface isbianisotropic (weak spatial dispersion), and ideal reflection withoutpolarization transformation requires spatial dispersion with a specific,strongly non-local response to the fields.
Dual approach to circuit quantization using loop charges	2016	The conventional approach to circuit quantization is based on node fluxes andtraces the motion of node charges on the islands of the circuit. However, forsome devices, the relevant physics can be best described by the motion ofpolarization charges over the branches of the circuit that are in generalrelated to the node charges in a highly nonlocal way. Here, we present amethod, dual to the conventional approach, for quantizing planar circuits interms of loop charges. In this way, the polarization charges are directlyobtained as the differences of the two loop charges on the neighboring loops.The loop charges trace the motion of fluxes through the circuit loops. We showthat loop charges yield a simple description of the flux transport acrossphase-slip junctions. We outline a concrete construction of circuits based onphase-slip junctions that are electromagnetically dual to arbitrary planarJosephson junction circuits. We argue that loop charges also yield a simpledescription of the flux transport in conventional Josephson junctions shuntedby large impedances. We show that a mixed circuit description in terms of nodefluxes and loop charges yields an insight into the flux decompactification of aJosephson junction shunted by an inductor. As an application, we show that thefluxonium qubit is well approximated as a phase-slip junction for theexperimentally relevant parameters. Moreover, we argue that the $0$-$\pi$ qubitis effectively the dual of a Majorana Josephson junction.
Effect of Temperature, Pressure and Aging time on the Relaxation  Dynamics of Bi0.9Gd0.1Fe0.9Mn0.1O3 System: Direct Evidence of Glassy State  and Pressure Induced Relaxor Behavior	2016	The fundamental aspects of relaxation dynamics in Bi0.9Gd0.1Fe0.9Mn0.1O3multiferroic system have been reported. The study was carried out employingdielectric relaxation spectroscopy covering eight decades in frequency 0.01to106 Hz and in a wide range of temperature 423 K to 153 K, hydrostaticpressure 0.1 MPa to 1765 MPa and aging time 0 s to 80000 s. The temperaturedependent dielectric response indicates three relaxations processes in thedynamic window of modulus formalism. Variable range hopping model of smallpolarons manifests the bulk conduction mechanism. The bulk and grain boundarycontributions have been estimated using impedance spectroscopy analysis andreveal that localized process dominates the relaxation. The direct evidence ofglassy feature is established below 200 K by aging experiments. Our findingsprovide a potential connection between nearly constant loss features appearingbelow 200 K with fastest relaxation of magnitude 0.16 eV. We also discuss thetime temperature superposition behavior using modulus scaling. A pressuredriven normal ferroelectric to relaxor behavior is witnessed above a criticalpressure as a result of relative competition between short range and long rangeforces. Our findings focus the role of high pressure as a fundamental bridgebetween normal ferroelectrics and relaxors. Intriguingly, there exists a directconnection between chemical pressure induced by substitution and externalhydrostatic pressure. These findings have robust fundamental importance ontheoretical elucidation of relaxation dynamics in perovskite systems.
Incorporating a Spatial Prior into Nonlinear D-Bar EIT imaging for  Complex Admittivities	2016	Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) aims to recover the internalconductivity and permittivity distributions of a body from electricalmeasurements taken on electrodes on the surface of the body. The reconstructiontask is a severely ill-posed nonlinear inverse problem that is highly sensitiveto measurement noise and modeling errors. Regularized D-bar methods have showngreat promise in producing noise-robust algorithms by employing a low-passfiltering of nonlinear (nonphysical) Fourier transform data specific to the EITproblem. Including prior data with the approximate locations of major organboundaries in the scattering transform provides a means of extending the radiusof the low-pass filter to include higher frequency components in thereconstruction, in particular, features that are known with high confidence.This information is additionally included in the system of D-bar equations withan independent regularization parameter from that of the extended scatteringtransform. In this paper, this approach is used in the 2-D D-bar method foradmittivity (conductivity as well as permittivity) EIT imaging. Noise-robustreconstructions are presented for simulated EIT data on chest-shaped phantomswith a simulated pneumothorax and pleural effusion. No assumption of thepathology is used in the construction of the prior, yet the method stillproduces significant enhancements of the underlying pathology (pneumothorax orpleural effusion) even in the presence of strong noise.
C60 as a probe for astrophysical environments	2016	The C60 molecule has been recently detected in a wide range of astrophysicalenvironments through its four active intramolecular vibrational modes (T1u)near 18.9, 17.4, 8.5, and 7.0 microns. The strengths of the mid-infraredemission bands have been used to infer astrophysical conditions in thefullerene-rich regions. Widely varying values of the relative intrinsicstrengths (RIS) of these four bands are reported in laboratory and theoreticalpapers, which impedes the derivation of the excitation mechanism of C60 in theastrophysical sources. The spectroscopic analysis of the C60 samples producedwith our method delivers highly reproducible RIS values of 100, 25 +- 1, 26 +-1, and 40 +- 4. A comparison of the inferred C60 emission band strengths withthe astrophysical data shows that the observed strengths cannot be explained interms of fluorescent or thermal emission alone. The large range in the observed17.4/18.9 emission ratios indicates that either the emission bands containsignificant contributions from emitters other than C60, or that the populationdistribution among the C60 vibrational modes is affected by physical processesother than thermal or UV excitation, such as chemo-luminescence from nascentC60 or possibly, Poincare fluorescence resulting from an inverse internalenergy conversion. We have carefully analyzed the effect of the weakly-activefundamental modes and second order modes in the mid-infrared spectrum of C60and propose that neutral C60 is the carrier of the unidentified emission bandat 6.49 microns which has been observed in fullerene-rich environments.
Growth of Stokes Waves Induced by Wind on a Viscous Liquid of Infinite  Depth	2017	The original investigation of Lamb (1932, {\S}349) for the effect ofviscosity on monochromatic surface waves is extended to account forsecond-order Stokes surface waves on deep water in the presence of surfacetension. This extension is used to evaluate interfacial impedance for Stokeswaves under the assumption that the waves are growing and hence the surfacewaves are unsteady. Thus, the previous investigation of Sajjadi et al. (2014)is further explored in that (i) the surface wave is unsteady and nonlinear, and(ii) the effect of the water viscosity, which affects surface stresses, istaken into account. The determination of energy-transfer parameter, from windto waves, are calculated through a turbulence closure model but it is shown thecontribution due to turbulent shear flow is some 20% lower than that obtainedpreviously. A derivation leading to an expression for the closed streamlines(Kelvin cat-eyes), which arise in the vicinity of the critical height, is foundfor unsteady surface waves. From this expression it is deduced that as wavesgrow or decay, the cats-eye are no longer symmetrical. Also investigated is theenergy transfer from wind to short Stokes waves through the viscous Reynoldsstresses in the immediate neighborhood of the water surface. It is shown thatthe resonance between the Tollmien-Schlichting waves for a given turbulent windvelocity profile and the free-surface Stokes waves give rise to an additionalcontribution to the growth of nonlinear surface waves.
Competition between electron pairing and phase coherence in  superconducting interfaces	2017	The large diversity of exotic electronic phases displayed by two-dimensionalsuperconductors confronts physicists with new challenges. These include therecently discovered quantum Griffith singularity in atomic Ga films,topological phases in proximized topological insulators and unconventionalIsing pairing in transition metal dichalcogenide layers. In LaAlO3/SrTiO3heterostructures, a gate tunable superconducting electron gas is confined in aquantum well at the interface between two insulating oxides. Remarkably, thegas coexists with both magnetism and strong Rashba spin-orbit coupling and is acandidate system for the creation of Majorana fermions. However, both theorigin of superconductivity and the nature of the transition to the normalstate over the whole doping range remain elusive. Missing such crucialinformation impedes harnessing this outstanding system for futuresuperconducting electronics and topological quantum computing. Here we showthat the superconducting phase diagram of LaAlO3/SrTiO3 is controlled by thecompetition between electron pairing and phase coherence. Through resonantmicrowave experiments, we measure the superfluid stiffness and infer the gapenergy as a function of carrier density. Whereas a good agreement with theBardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer (BCS) theory is observed at high carrier doping, wefind that the suppression of Tc at low doping is controlled by the loss ofmacroscopic phase coherence instead of electron pairing as in standard BCStheory. We find that only a very small fraction of the electrons condenses intothe superconducting state and propose that this corresponds to the weak fillingof a high-energy dxz/yz band, more apt to host superconductivity
Calculating polaron mobility in halide perovskites	2017	Lead halide perovskite semiconductors are soft, polar, materials. The strongdriving force for polaron formation (the dielectric electron-phonon coupling)is balanced by the light band effective-masses, leading to astrongly-interacting large-polaron. A first-principles prediction of mobilitywould help understand the fundamental mobility limits. Theories of mobilityneed to consider the polaron (rather than free-carrier) state due to the stronginteractions. In this material we expect that at room temperature polar-opticalphonon mode scattering will dominate, and so limit mobility. We calculate thetemperature-dependent polaron mobility of hybrid halide perovskites byvariationally solving the Feynman polaron model with the finite-temperaturefree-energies of \=Osaka. This model considers a simplified effective-massband-structure interacting with a continuum dielectric of characteristicresponse frequency. We parametrise the model fully from electronic-structurecalculations. In methylammonium lead iodide at 300 K we predict electron andhole mobilities of 133 and 94 cm^2/V/s respectively. These are in acceptableagreement with single-crystal measurements, suggesting that the intrinsic limitof the polaron charge carrier state has been reached. Repercussions forhot-electron photo-excited states are discussed. As well as mobility, the modelalso exposes the dynamic structure of the polaron. This can be used tointerpret impedance measurements of the charge-carrier state. We provide thephonon-drag mass-renormalisation, and scattering time constants. These could beused as parameters for larger-scale device models and band-structure dependentmobility simulations.
Reversible Jump Metropolis Light Transport using Inverse Mappings	2017	We study Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods operating in primary samplespace and their interactions with multiple sampling techniques. We observe thatincorporating the sampling technique into the state of the Markov Chain, asdone in Multiplexed Metropolis Light Transport (MMLT), impedes the ability ofthe chain to properly explore the path space, as transitions between samplingtechniques lead to disruptive alterations of path samples. To address thisissue, we reformulate Multiplexed MLT in the Reversible Jump MCMC framework(RJMCMC) and introduce inverse sampling techniques that turn light paths intothe random numbers that would produce them. This allows us to formulate a novelperturbation that can locally transition between sampling techniques withoutchanging the geometry of the path, and we derive the correct acceptanceprobability using RJMCMC. We investigate how to generalize this concept tonon-invertible sampling techniques commonly found in practice, and introduceprobabilistic inverses that extend our perturbation to cover most samplingmethods found in light transport simulations. Our theory reconciles theinverses with RJMCMC yielding an unbiased algorithm, which we call ReversibleJump MLT (RJMLT). We verify the correctness of our implementation in canonicaland practical scenarios and demonstrate improved temporal coherence, decreasein structured artifacts, and faster convergence on a wide variety of scenes.
Active elastohydrodynamics of vesicles in narrow, blind constrictions	2017	Fluid-resistance limited transport of vesicles through narrow constrictionsis a recurring theme in many biological and engineering applications. Inspiredby the motor-driven movement of soft membrane-bound vesicles into closedneuronal dendritic spines, here we study this problem using a combination ofpassive three-dimensional simulations and a simplified semi-analytical theoryfor active transport of vesicles that are forced through such constrictions bymolecular motors. We show that the motion of these objects is characterized bytwo dimensionless quantities related to the geometry and the strength offorcing relative to the vesicle elasticity. We use numerical simulations tocharacterize the transit time for a vesicle forced by fluid pressure through aconstriction in a channel, and find that relative to an open channel, transportinto a blind end leads to the formation of an effective lubrication layer thatstrongly impedes motion. When the fluid pressure forcing is complemented byforces due to molecular motors that are responsible for vesicle traffickinginto dendritic spines, we find that the competition between motor forcing andfluid drag results in multistable dynamics reminiscent of the real system. Ourstudy highlights the role of non-local hydrodynamic effects in determining thekinetics of vesicular transport in constricted geometries.
Modeling and simulation of an acoustic well stimulation method	2017	This paper presents a mathematical model and a numerical procedure tosimulate an acoustic well stimulation (AWS) method for enhancing thepermeability of the rock formation surrounding oil and gas wells. The AWSmethod considered herein aims to exploit the well-known permeability-enhancingeffect of mechanical vibrations in acoustically porous materials, bytransmitting time-harmonic sound waves from a sound source device---placedinside the well---to the well perforations made into the formation. Theefficiency of the AWS is assessed by quantifying the amount of acoustic energytransmitted from the source device to the rock formation in terms of theemission frequency and the well configuration. A simple methodology to findoptimal emission frequencies for a given well configuration is presented. Theproposed model is based on the Helmholtz equation and an impedance boundarycondition that effectively accounts for the porous solid-fluid interaction atthe interface between the rock formation and the well perforations. Exactnon-reflecting boundary conditions derived from Dirichlet-to-Neumann maps areutilized to truncate the circular cylindrical waveguides considered in themodel. The resulting boundary value problem is then numerically solved by meansof the finite element method. A variety of numerical examples are presented inorder to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed procedure for findingoptimal emission frequencies.
Adiponitrile-LiTFSI solution as alkylcarbonate free electrolyte for  LTO/NMC Li-ion batteries	2017	Recently, dinitriles (NC(CH2)nCN) and especially adiponitrile (ADN, n=4) haveattracted the attention as secure electrolyte solvents due to their chemicalstability, high boiling points, high flash points and low vapor pressure. Thegood solvating properties of ADN toward lithium salts and its highelectrochemical stability (~ 6V vs. Li/Li+) make it suitable for safer Li-ionscells without performances loss. In this study, ADN is used as a singleelectrolyte solvent with lithium bis(trimethylsulfonyl)imide (LiTFSI). Thiselectrolyte allows the use of aluminum collectors as almost no corrosion occursat voltages up to 4.2 V. Physico-chemical properties of ADN-LiTFSI electrolytesuch as salt dissolution, conductivity and viscosity were determined. Thecycling performances of batteries using Li4Ti5O12 (LTO) as anode andLiNi1/3Co1/3Mn1/3O2 (NMC) as cathode were determined. The results indicate thatLTO/NMC batteries exhibit excellent rate capabilities with a columbicefficiency close to 100%. As an example, cells were able to reach a capacity of165 mAh.g-1 at 0.1C and a capacity retention of more than 98% after 200 cyclesat 0.5C. In addition, electrodes analyses by SEM, XPS and electrochemicalimpedance spectroscopy after cycling confirming minimal surface changes of theelectrodes in the studied battery system
The regularized monotonicity method: detecting irregular indefinite  inclusions	2017	In inclusion detection in electrical impedance tomography, the support ofperturbations (inclusion) from a known background conductivity is typicallyreconstructed from idealized continuum data modelled by a Neumann-to-Dirichletmap. Only few reconstruction methods apply when detecting indefiniteinclusions, where the conductivity distribution has both more and lessconductive parts relative to the background conductivity; one such method isthe monotonicity method of Harrach, Seo, and Ullrich. We formulate the methodfor irregular indefinite inclusions, meaning that we make no regularityassumptions on the conductivity perturbations nor on the inclusion boundaries.We show, provided that the perturbations are bounded away from zero, that theouter support of the positive and negative parts of the inclusions can bereconstructed independently. Moreover, we formulate a regularization schemethat applies to a class of approximative measurement models, including theComplete Electrode Model, hence making the method robust against modellingerror and noise. In particular, we demonstrate that for a convergent family ofapproximative models there exists a sequence of regularization parameters suchthat the outer shape of the inclusions is asymptotically exactly characterized.Finally, a peeling-type reconstruction algorithm is presented and, for thefirst time in literature, numerical examples of monotonicity reconstructionsfor indefinite inclusions are presented.
On-Site Wireless Power Generation	2017	Conventional wireless power transfer systems consist of a microwave powergenerator and a microwave power receiver separated by some distance. To realizeefficient power transfer, the system is typically brought to resonance, and thecoupled-antenna mode is optimized to reduce radiation into the surroundingspace. In this scheme, any modification of the receiver position or of itselectromagnetic properties results in the necessity of dynamically tuning thewhole system to restore the resonant matching condition. It implies poorrobustness to the receiver location and load impedance, as well as additionalenergy consumption in the control network. In this study, we introduce a newparadigm for wireless power delivery based on which the whole system, includingtransmitter and receiver and the space in between, forms a unified microwavepower generator. In our proposed scenario the load itself becomes part of thegenerator. Microwave oscillations are created directly at the receiverlocation, eliminating the need for dynamical tuning of the system within therange of the self-oscillation regime. The proposed concept has relevantconnections with the recent interest in parity-time symmetric systems, in whichbalanced loss and gain distributions enable unusual electromagnetic responses.
MHD Pulsatile Two-Phase Blood Flow Through a Stenosed Artery with Heat  and Mass Transfer	2017	In this paper, effects of heat and mass transfer on two-phase pulsatile bloodflow through a narrowed stenosed artery with radiation and the chemicalreaction have been investigated. A vertical artery is assumed in which magneticfield is applied along the radial direction of the artery. The characteristicsof blood in narrow arteries are analyzed by considering blood as Newtonianfluid in both core as well as in plasma regions. Exact solutions have beenfound for velocity, energy and concentration equations of the blood flow. Tounderstand the behavior of blood flow, graphs of the velocity profile, wallshear stress, flow rate, flow impedance and concentration profile have beenportrayed for different values of the magnetic and radiation parameter. Inorder to validate our result, a comparative study has been presented betweenthe single-phase and two-phase model of the blood flow and it is observed thatthe two-phase model fits more accurately with the experimental data than thesingle phase model. For pulsatile flow, the phase difference between thepressure gradient and flow rate has been displayed with magnetic fieldparameter and height of the stenosis. Contour plots have been plotted for 10%,20% and 30% case of an arterial blockage.
Thermal regimes of Li-ion conductivity in beta-eucryptite	2017	While it is well established that ionic conduction in lithiumaluminosilicates proceeds via hopping of Li ions, the nature of the varioushoping-based mechanisms in different temperature regimes has not been fullyelucidated. The difficulties associated with investigating the conduction haveto do with the presence of grains and grain boundaries of differentorientations in these usually polycrystalline materials. Herein, we useelectrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) to investigate the ion conductionmechanisms in -eucryptite, which is a prototypical lithium aluminosilicate. Inthe absence of significant structural transitions in grain boundaries, we havefound that there are three conduction regimes for the one-dimensional ionicmotion along the c axis channels in the grains, and determined the activationenergies for each of these temperature regimes. Activation energies computedfrom molecular statics calculations of the potential energy landscapeencountered by Li ions suggest that at temperatures below 440 {\deg}Cconduction proceeds via cooperative or correlated motion, in agreement withestablished literature. Between 440 {\deg}C and 500{\deg}C, the activationbarriers extracted from EIS measurements are large and consistent with thosefrom atomistic calculations for uncorrelated Li ion hopping. Above 500 {\deg}Cthe activation barriers decrease significantly, which indicates that after thetransition to the Li-disordered phase of -eucryptite, the Li ion motion largelyregains the correlated character.
ChemKED: a human- and machine-readable data standard for chemical  kinetics experiments	2017	Fundamental experimental measurements of quantities such as ignition delaytimes, laminar flame speeds, and species profiles (among others) serveimportant roles in understanding fuel chemistry and validating chemical kineticmodels. However, despite both the importance and abundance of such informationin the literature, the community lacks a widely adopted standard format forthis data. This impedes both sharing and wide use by the community. Here weintroduce a new chemical kinetics experimental data format, ChemKED, and therelated Python-based package for validating and working with ChemKED-formattedfiles called PyKED. We also review past and related efforts, and motivate theneed for a new solution. ChemKED currently supports the representation ofautoignition delay time measurements from shock tubes and rapid compressionmachines. ChemKED-formatted files contain all of the information needed tosimulate experimental data points, including the uncertainty of the data.ChemKED is based on the YAML data serialization language, and is intended as ahuman- and machine-readable standard for easy creation and automated use.Development of ChemKED and PyKED occurs openly on GitHub under the BSD 3-clauselicense, and contributions from the community are welcome. Plans for futuredevelopment include support for experimental data from laminar flame, jetstirred reactor, and speciation measurements.
Accurate, Large Minibatch SGD: Training ImageNet in 1 Hour	2017	Deep learning thrives with large neural networks and large datasets. However,larger networks and larger datasets result in longer training times that impederesearch and development progress. Distributed synchronous SGD offers apotential solution to this problem by dividing SGD minibatches over a pool ofparallel workers. Yet to make this scheme efficient, the per-worker workloadmust be large, which implies nontrivial growth in the SGD minibatch size. Inthis paper, we empirically show that on the ImageNet dataset large minibatchescause optimization difficulties, but when these are addressed the trainednetworks exhibit good generalization. Specifically, we show no loss of accuracywhen training with large minibatch sizes up to 8192 images. To achieve thisresult, we adopt a hyper-parameter-free linear scaling rule for adjustinglearning rates as a function of minibatch size and develop a new warmup schemethat overcomes optimization challenges early in training. With these simpletechniques, our Caffe2-based system trains ResNet-50 with a minibatch size of8192 on 256 GPUs in one hour, while matching small minibatch accuracy. Usingcommodity hardware, our implementation achieves ~90% scaling efficiency whenmoving from 8 to 256 GPUs. Our findings enable training visual recognitionmodels on internet-scale data with high efficiency.
Hall Viscosity and the Acoustic Faraday Effect	2017	For more than 20 years, observation of the non-dissipative Hall viscosity inthe quantum Hall effect has been impeded by the difficulty to probe directlythe momentum of the two-dimensional electron gas. However, in three-dimensionalsystems such as superfluid ${}^{3}\mathrm{He}\!\!-\!\!\mathrm{B}$, the momentumdensity is readily probed through transverse acoustic waves. We show that in athree-dimensional elastic medium supporting transverse waves, a non-vanishingHall viscosity induces circular birefringence. Such an effect has been observedin ${}^{3}\mathrm{He}\!\!-\!\!\mathrm{B}$ in the presence of a weak magneticfield, and is known as the acoustic Faraday effect. The acoustic Faraday effecthas been understood in terms of the Zeeman splitting of the excited orderparameter modes which support the transverse wave propagation in thesuperfluid. We show that the Zeeman effect can generically lead to a non-zeroHall viscosity coefficient, and confirm this prediction using a simplephenomenological model for the ${}^{3}\mathrm{He}\!\!-\!\!\mathrm{B}$collective modes. Therefore, we claim that the observation of the acousticFaraday effect can be leveraged to make a direct observation of the Hallviscosity in superfluid ${}^{3}\mathrm{He}\!\!-\!\!\mathrm{B}$ in a magneticfield and other systems such as the crystalline$\mathrm{Tb}_{3}\mathrm{Ga}_{5}\mathrm{O}_{12}$ material.
Anonymization of System Logs for Privacy and Storage Benefits	2017	System logs constitute valuable information for analysis and diagnosis ofsystem behavior. The size of parallel computing systems and the number of theircomponents steadily increase. The volume of generated logs by the system is inproportion to this increase. Hence, long-term collection and storage of systemlogs is challenging. The analysis of system logs requires advanced textprocessing techniques. For very large volumes of logs, the analysis is highlytime-consuming and requires a high level of expertise. For many parallelcomputing centers, outsourcing the analysis of system logs to third parties isthe only affordable option. The existence of sensitive data within system logentries obstructs, however, the transmission of system logs to third parties.Moreover, the analytical tools for processing system logs and the solutionsprovided by such tools are highly system specific. Achieving a more generalsolution is only possible through the access and analysis system of logs ofmultiple computing systems. The privacy concerns impede, however, the sharingof system logs across institutions as well as in the public domain. This workproposes a new method for the anonymization of the information within systemlogs that employs de-identification and encoding to provide sharable systemlogs, with the highest possible data quality and of reduced size. The resultspresented in this work indicate that apart from eliminating the sensitive datawithin system logs and converting them into shareable data, the proposedanonymization method provides 25% performance improvement in post-processing ofthe anonymized system logs, and more than 50% reduction in their requiredstorage space.
Topology Estimation in Bulk Power Grids: Guarantees on Exact Recovery	2017	The topology of a power grid affects its dynamic operation and settlement inthe electricity market. Real-time topology identification can enable fastercontrol action following an emergency scenario like failure of a line. Thisarticle discusses a graphical model framework for topology estimation in bulkpower grids (both loopy transmission and radial distribution) usingmeasurements of voltage collected from the grid nodes. The graphical model forthe probability distribution of nodal voltages in linear power flow models isshown to include additional edges along with the operational edges in the truegrid. Our proposed estimation algorithms first learn the graphical model andsubsequently extract the operational edges using either thresholding or aneighborhood counting scheme. For grid topologies containing no three-nodecycles (two buses do not share a common neighbor), we prove that an exactextraction of the operational topology is theoretically guaranteed. Thisincludes a majority of distribution grids that have radial topologies. Forgrids that include cycles of length three, we provide sufficient conditionsthat ensure existence of algorithms for exact reconstruction. In particular,for grids with constant impedance per unit length and uniform injectioncovariances, this observation leads to conditions on geographical placement ofthe buses. The performance of algorithms is demonstrated in test casesimulations.
Shock-darkening in ordinary chondrites: determination of the  pressure-temperature conditions by shock physics mesoscale modeling	2017	We determined the shock-darkening pressure range in ordinary chondrites usingthe iSALE shock physics code. We simulated planar shock waves on a mesoscale ina sample layer at different nominal pressures. Iron and troilite grains wereresolved in a porous olivine matrix in the sample layer. We used equations ofstate (Tillotson EoS and ANEOS) and basic strength and thermal properties todescribe the material phases. We used Lagrangian tracers to record peak shockpressures in each material unit. The post-shock temperatures (and the fractionsof tracers experiencing temperatures above the melting point) for each materialwere estimated after the passage of the shock wave and after reflections of theshock at grain boundaries in the heterogeneous materials. The results showedthat shock-darkening, associated with troilite melt and the onset of olivinemelt, happened between 40 and 50 GPa - with 52 GPa being the pressure at whichall tracers in the troilite material reach the melting point. We demonstratethe difficulties of shock heating in iron and also the importance of porosity.Material impedances, grain shapes and the porosity models available in theiSALE code are discussed. We also discussed possible not-shock-related triggersfor iron melt.
Is Task Board Customization Beneficial? - An Eye Tracking Study	2017	The task board is an essential artifact in many agile development approaches.It provides a good overview of the project status. Teams often customize theirtask boards according to the team members' needs. They modify the structure ofboards, define colored codings for different purposes, and introduce differentcard sizes. Although the customizations are intended to improve the taskboard's usability and effectiveness, they may also complicate its comprehensionand use. The increased effort impedes the work of both the team and teamexternals. Hence, task board customization is in conflict with the agilepractice of fast and easy overview for everyone. In an eye tracking study with30 participants, we compared an original task board design with threecustomized ones to investigate which design shortened the required time toidentify a particular story card. Our findings yield that only the customizedtask board design with modified structures reduces the required time. Theoriginal task board design is more beneficial than individual colored codingsand changed card sizes. According to our findings, agile teams should rethinktheir current task board design. They may be better served by focusing on theoriginal task board design and by applying only carefully selected adjustments.In case of customization, a task board's structure should be adjusted sincethis is the only beneficial kind of customization, that additionally compliesmore precisely with the concept of fast and easy project overview.
Metadata in the BioSample Online Repository are Impaired by Numerous  Anomalies	2017	The metadata about scientific experiments are crucial for finding,reproducing, and reusing the data that the metadata describe. We present astudy of the quality of the metadata stored in BioSample--a repository ofmetadata about samples used in biomedical experiments managed by the U.S.National Center for Biomedical Technology Information (NCBI). We tested whether6.6 million BioSample metadata records are populated with values that fulfillthe stated requirements for such values. Our study revealed multiple anomaliesin the analyzed metadata. The BioSample metadata field names and their valuesare not standardized or controlled--15% of the metadata fields use field namesnot specified in the BioSample data dictionary. Only 9 out of 452BioSample-specified fields ordinarily require ontology terms as values, and thequality of these controlled fields is better than that of uncontrolled ones, aseven simple binary or numeric fields are often populated with inadequate valuesof different data types (e.g., only 27% of Boolean values are valid). Overall,the metadata in BioSample reveal that there is a lack of principled mechanismsto enforce and validate metadata requirements. The aberrancies in the metadataare likely to impede search and secondary use of the associated datasets.
Rainbow-trapping absorbers: Broadband, perfect and asymmetric sound  absorption by subwavelength panels with ventilation	2017	Perfect, broadband and asymmetric sound absorption is theoretically,numerically and experimentally reported by using subwavelength thickness panelsin a transmission problem. The panels are composed of a periodic array ofvarying cross-section waveguides, each of them being loaded by an array ofHelmholtz resonators (HRs) with graded dimensions. The low cut-off frequency ofthe absorption band is fixed by the resonance frequency of the deepest HR, thatreduces drastically the transmission. The preceding HR is designed with aslightly higher resonance frequency with a geometry that allows the impedancematching to the surrounding medium. Therefore, reflection vanishes and thestructure is critically coupled. This results in perfect sound absorption at asingle frequency. We report perfect absorption at 300 Hz for a structure whosethickness is 40 times smaller than the wavelength. Moreover, this process isrepeated by adding HRs to the waveguide, each of them with a higher resonancefrequency than the preceding one. Using this frequency cascade effect, wereport quasi-perfect sound absorption over almost two frequency octaves rangingfrom 300 to 1000 Hz for a panel composed of 9 resonators with a total thicknessof 11 cm, i.e., 10 times smaller than the wavelength at 300 Hz.
Topolectrical circuit realization of topological corner modes	2017	Quantized electric quadrupole insulators have recently been proposed as novelquantum states of matter in two spatial dimensions. Gapped otherwise, they canfeature zero-dimensional topological corner mid-gap states protected by thebulk spectral gap, reflection symmetries and a spectral symmetry. Here weintroduce a topolectrical circuit design for realizing such corner modesexperimentally and report measurements in which the modes appear as topologicalboundary resonances in the corner impedance profile of the circuit. Whereas thequantized bulk quadrupole moment of an electronic crystal does not have adirect analogue in the classical topolectrical-circuit framework, the cornermodes inherit the identical form from the quantum case. Due to the flexibilityand tunability of electrical circuits, they are an ideal platform for studyingthe reflection symmetry-protected character of corner modes in detail. Our worktherefore establishes an instance where topolectrical circuitry is employed tobridge the gap between quantum theoretical modelling and the experimentalrealization of topological band structures.
Influence of surface and bulk water ice on the reactivity of a  water-forming reaction	2017	On the surface of icy dust grains in the dense regions of the interstellarmedium a rich chemistry can take place. Due to the low temperature, reactionsthat proceed via a barrier can only take place through tunneling. The reactionH + H$_2$O$_2$ $\rightarrow$ H$_2$O + OH is such a case with a gas-phasebarrier of $\sim$26.5 kJ/mol. Still the reaction is known to be involved inwater formation on interstellar grains. Here, we investigate the influence of awater ice surface and of bulk ice on the reaction rate constant. Rate constantsare calculated using instanton theory down to 74 K. The ice is taken intoaccount via multiscale modeling, describing the reactants and the directsurrounding at the quantum mechanical level with density functional theory(DFT), while the rest of the ice is modeled on the molecular mechanical levelwith a force field. We find that H$_2$O$_2$ binding energies cannot be capturedby a single value, but rather depend on the number of hydrogen bonds withsurface molecules. In highly amorphous surroundings the binding site can blockthe routes of attack and impede the reaction. Furthermore, the activationenergies do not correlate with the binding energies of the same sites. Theunimolecular rate constants related to the Langmuir-Hinshelwood mechanismincrease as the activation energy decreases. Thus, we provide a lower limit forthe rate constant and argue that rate constants can have values up to two orderof magnitude larger than this limit.
Magnetic modeling of inflated low-mass stars using interior fields no  larger than ~10 kilogauss	2017	We have previously reported on models of low-mass stars in which the presenceof inflated radii is ascribed to magnetic fields which impede the onset ofconvection (e.g. MacDonald & Mullan [2017a] and citations therein). Some of ourmagneto-convection models have been criticized because, when they were firstreported by Mullan & MacDonald (2001), the deep interior fields were found tobe very large (50-100 MG). Such large fields are now known to be untenable. Forexample, Browning et al. (2016) used stability arguments to suggest thatinterior fields in low-mass stars cannot be larger than ~1 MG. Moreover, 3Dmodels of turbulent stellar dynamos suggest that fields generated in low-massinteriors may be not much stronger than 10-20 kG (Browning 2008). In thepresent paper, we present magneto-convective models of inflated low-mass starsin which the interior fields are not permitted to be stronger than 10 kG. Thesemodels are used to fit empirical data for 15 low-mass stars for which precisemasses and radii have been measured. We show that our 10 kG magneto-convectivemodels can replicate the empirical radii and effective temperatures for 14 ofthe stars. In the case of the remaining star (in the Praesepe cluster), twodifferent solutions have been reported in the literature. We find that one ofthese solutions (by Gillen et al. 2017) can be fitted well with our model usingthe nominal age of Praesepe (800 Myr). However, the second solution (by Krauset al. 2017) cannot be fitted unless the star's age is assumed to be muchyounger (~ 150 Myr).
Secure Communications for the Two-user Broadcast Channel with Random  Traffic	2017	In this work, we study the stability region of the two-user broadcast channel(BC) with bursty data arrivals and security constraints. We consider thescenario, where one of the receivers has a secrecy constraint and its packetsneed to be kept secret from the other receiver. This is achieved by employingfull-duplexing at the receiver with the secrecy constraint, so that ittransmits a jamming signal to impede the reception of the other receiver. Inthis context, the stability region of the two-user BC is characterized for thegeneral decoding case. Then, assuming two different decoding schemes therespective stability regions are derived. The effect of self-interference dueto the full-duplex operation on the stability region is also investigated. Thestability region of the BC with a secrecy constraint, where the receivers donot have full duplex capability can be obtained as a special case of theresults derived in this paper. In addition, the paper considers the problem ofmaximizing the saturated throughput of the queue, whose packets does notrequire to be kept secret under minimum service guarantees for the other queue.The results provide new insights on the effect of the secrecy constraint on thestability region of the BC. In particular, it is shown that the stabilityregion with secrecy constraint is sensitive to the coefficient ofself-interference cancelation under certain cases.
Should I Stay or Should I Go? On Forces that Drive and Prevent MBSE  Adoption in the Embedded Systems Industry	2017	[Context] Model-based Systems Engineering (MBSE) comprises a set of modelsand techniques that is often suggested as solution to cope with the challengesof engineering complex systems. Although many practitioners agree with thearguments on the potential benefits of the techniques, companies struggle withthe adoption of MBSE. [Goal] In this paper, we investigate the forces thatprevent or impede the adoption of MBSE in companies that develop embeddedsoftware systems. We contrast the hindering forces with issues and challengesthat drive these companies towards introducing MBSE. [Method] Our results arebased on 20 interviews with experts from 10 companies. Through exploratoryresearch, we analyze the results by means of thematic coding. [Results] Forcesthat prevent MBSE adoption mainly relate to immature tooling, uncertainty aboutthe return-on-investment, and fears on migrating existing data and processes.On the other hand, MBSE adoption also has strong drivers and participants havehigh expectations mainly with respect to managing complexity, adhering to newregulations, and reducing costs. [Conclusions] We conclude that bad experiencesand frustration about MBSE adoption originate from false or too highexpectations. Nevertheless, companies should not underestimate the necessaryefforts for convincing employees and addressing their anxiety.
A geometric approach for learning compliant motions from demonstration	2017	This paper proposes a method to learn from human demonstration compliantcontact motions, which take advantage of interaction forces between workpiecesto align them, even when contact force may occur from different directions ondifferent instances of reproduction. To manage the uncertainty in unstructuredconditions, the motions learned with our method can be reproduced with animpedance controller. Learning from Demonstration is used because the planningof compliant motions in 3-D is computationally intractable. The proposed methodwill learn an individual compliant motion, many of which can be combined tosolve more complex tasks. The method is based on measuring simultaneously thedirection of motion and the forces acting on the end-effector. From thesemeasurements we construct a set of constraints for motion directions which,with correct compliance, result in the observed motion. Constraints frommultiple demonstrations are projected into a 2-D angular coordinate systemwhere their intersection is determined to find a set of feasible desireddirections, of which a single motion direction is chosen. The work is based onthe assumption that movement in directions other than the desired direction iscaused by interaction forces. Using this assumption, we infer the number ofcompliant axes and, if required, their directions. Experiments with a KUKALWR4+ show that our method can successfully reproduce motions which requiretaking advantage of the environment.
Virtual acoustics in inhomogeneous media with single-sided access	2017	A virtual acoustic source inside a medium can be created by emitting atime-reversed point-source response from the enclosing boundary into themedium. However, in many practical situations, like in non-destructive testing,near-field acoustic holography or geophysical holography, the medium can beaccessed from one side only. In those cases the time-reversal approach is notexact, and it breaks down in inhomogeneous media with strong impedancecontrasts. Here, we demonstrate the experimental design and use of complexfocusing functions to create virtual acoustic sources and virtual receiversinside an inhomogeneous medium with single-sided access. The retrieved virtualacoustic responses between those sources and receivers mimic the complexpropagation and multiple scattering paths of waves that would be ignited byphysical sources and recorded by physical receivers inside the medium. Thepossibility to predict complex virtual acoustic responses between any twopoints inside an inhomogeneous medium, without needing a detailed model of themedium, has large potential for holographic imaging and monitoring of objectswith single-sided access, ranging from photoacoustic medical imaging to themonitoring of induced-earthquake waves all the way from the source to theearth's surface.
Photocathode Quantum Efficiency of Ultra-Thin Cs2Te Layers On Nb  Substrates	2017	The quantum efficiencies (QE) of photocathodes consisting of bulk Nbsubstrates coated with thin films of Cs2Te are reported. Using the standardrecipe for Cs2Te deposition developed for Mo substrates (220 {\AA} Tethickness), a QE ~11% - 13% at light wavelength of 248 nm is achieved for theNb substrates, consistent with that found on Mo. Systematic reduction of the Tethickness for both Mo and Nb substrates reveals a surprisingly high residual QE~ 6% for a Te layer as thin as 15 {\AA}. A phenomenological model based on theSpicer 3-Step model along with a solution of the Fresnel equations forreflectance, R, leads to a reasonable fit of the thickness dependence of QE andsuggests that layers thinner than 15 {\AA} may still have a relatively high QE.Preliminary investigation suggests an increased operational lifetime as well.Such an ultra-thin, semiconducting Cs2Te layer may be expected to produceminimal ohmic losses for RF frequencies ~ 1 GHz. The result thus opens the doorto the potential development of a Nb (or Nb3Sn) superconducting photocathodewith relatively high QE and minimal RF impedance to be used in asuperconducting radiofrequency (SRF) photoinjector.
Tailoring Semiconductor Lateral Multi-junctions for Giant  Photoconductivity Enhancement	2017	Semiconductor heterostructures have played a critical role as the enabler fornew science and technology. The emergence of transition metal dichalcogenides(TMDs) as atomically thin semiconductors has opened new frontiers insemiconductor heterostructures either by stacking different TMDs to formvertical heterojunctions or by stitching them laterally to form lateralheterojunctions via direct growth. In conventional semiconductorheterostructures, the design of multi-junctions is critical to achieve carrierconfinement. Analogously, we report successful synthesis of monolayerWS2/WS2(1-x)Se2x/WS2 multi-junction lateral heterostructure via direct growthby chemical vapor deposition. The grown structures are characterized by Raman,photoluminescence, and annular dark-field scanning transmission electronmicroscopy to determine its lateral compositional profile. More importantly,using microwave impedance microscopy, we demonstrate that the localphotoconductivity in the alloy region can be tailored and enhanced by 2 ordersof magnitude over pure WS2. Finite element analysis confirms that this effectis due to the carrier diffusion and confinement into the alloy region. Our workexemplifies the technological potential of atomically thin lateralheterostructures in optoelectronic applications.
N2N Learning: Network to Network Compression via Policy Gradient  Reinforcement Learning	2017	While bigger and deeper neural network architectures continue to advance thestate-of-the-art for many computer vision tasks, real-world adoption of thesenetworks is impeded by hardware and speed constraints. Conventional modelcompression methods attempt to address this problem by modifying thearchitecture manually or using pre-defined heuristics. Since the space of allreduced architectures is very large, modifying the architecture of a deepneural network in this way is a difficult task. In this paper, we tackle thisissue by introducing a principled method for learning reduced networkarchitectures in a data-driven way using reinforcement learning. Our approachtakes a larger `teacher' network as input and outputs a compressed `student'network derived from the `teacher' network. In the first stage of our method, arecurrent policy network aggressively removes layers from the large `teacher'model. In the second stage, another recurrent policy network carefully reducesthe size of each remaining layer. The resulting network is then evaluated toobtain a reward -- a score based on the accuracy and compression of thenetwork. Our approach uses this reward signal with policy gradients to trainthe policies to find a locally optimal student network. Our experiments showthat we can achieve compression rates of more than 10x for models such asResNet-34 while maintaining similar performance to the input `teacher' network.We also present a valuable transfer learning result which shows that policieswhich are pre-trained on smaller `teacher' networks can be used to rapidlyspeed up training on larger `teacher' networks.
Influence of Clustering on Cascading Failures in Interdependent Systems	2017	We study the influence of clustering, more specifically triangles, oncascading failures in interdependent networks or systems, in which we model thedependence between comprising systems using a dependence graph. First, wepropose a new model that captures how the presence of triangles in thedependence graph alters the manner in which failures transmit from affectedsystems to others. Unlike existing models, the new model allows us toapproximate the failure propagation dynamics using a multi-type branchingprocess, even with triangles. Second, making use of the model, we provide asimple condition that indicates how increasing clustering will affect thelikelihood that a random failure triggers a cascade of failures, which we callthe probability of cascading failures (PoCF). In particular, our conditionreveals an intriguing observation that the influence of clustering on PoCFdepends on the vulnerability of comprising systems to an increasing number offailed neighboring systems and the current PoCF, starting with different typesof failed systems. Our numerical studies hint that increasing clusteringimpedes cascading failures under both (truncated) power law and Poisson degreedistributions. Furthermore, our finding suggests that, as the degreedistribution becomes more concentrated around the mean degree with smallervariance, increasing clustering will have greater impact on the PoCF. Anumerical investigation of networks with Poisson and power law degreedistributions reflects this finding and demonstrates that increasing clusteringreduces the PoCF much faster under Poisson degree distributions in comparisonto power law degree distributions.
Clearing residual planetesimals by sweeping secular resonances in  transitional disks: a lone-planet scenario for the wide gaps in debris disks  around Vega and Fomalhaut	2017	Extended gaps in the debris disks of both Vega and Fomalhaut have beenobserved. These structures have been attributed to tidal perturbations bymultiple super-Jupiter gas giant planets. Within the current observationallimits, however, no such massive planets have been detected. Here we propose aless stringent `lone-planet' scenario to account for the observed structurewith a single eccentric gas giant and suggest that clearing of these wide gapsis induced by its sweeping secular resonance. During the depletion of the diskgas, the planet's secular resonance propagates inward and clears a wide gapover an extended region of the disk. Although some residual intermediate-sizeplanetesimals may remain in the gap, their surface density is too low to eitherproduce super-Earths or lead to sufficiently frequent disruptive collisions togenerate any observable dusty signatures. The main advantage of thislone-planet sweeping-secular-resonance model over the previous multiple gasgiant tidal truncation scenario is the relaxed requirement on the number of gasgiants. The observationally inferred upper mass limit can also be satisfiedprovided the hypothetical planet has a significant eccentricity. A significantfraction of solar or more massive stars bear gas giant planets with significanteccentricities. If these planets acquired their present-day kinematicproperties prior to the depletion of their natal disks, their sweeping secularresonance would effectively impede the retention of neighboring planets andplanetesimals over a wide range of orbital semi-major axes.
Uniqueness in inverse scattering problems with phaseless far-field data  at a fixed frequency	2017	This paper is concerned with uniqueness in inverse acoustic scattering withphaseless far-field data at a fixed frequency. The main difficulty of thisproblem is the so-called translation invariance property of the modulus of thefar-field pattern generated by one plane wave as the incident field. Based onour previous work (J. Comput. Phys. 345 (2017), 58-73), the translationinvariance property of the phaseless far-field pattern can be broken by usinginfinitely many sets of superpositions of two plane waves as the incidentfields at a fixed frequency. In this paper, we prove that the obstacle and theindex of refraction of an inhomogeneous medium can be uniquely determined bythe phaseless far-field patterns generated by infinitely many sets ofsuperpositions of two plane waves with different directions at a fixedfrequency under the condition that the obstacle is a priori known to be asound-soft or non-absorbing impedance obstacle and the index of refraction $n$of the inhomogeneous medium is real-valued and satisfies that either $n-1\gec_1$ or $n-1\le-c_1$ in the support of $n-1$ for some positive constant $c_1$.To the best of our knowledge, this is the first uniqueness result in inversescattering with phaseless far-field data. Our proofs are based essentially onthe limit of the normalized eigenvalues of the far-field operators which isalso established in this paper by using a factorization of the far-fieldoperators.
Pseudo-Linear Time-Invariant Magnetless Circulators Based on  Differential Spatiotemporal Modulation of Resonant Junctions	2017	In this paper, we present voltage- and current-mode differential magnetlessnon-reciprocal devices obtained by pairing two single-ended (SE) circulators,each consisting of three first-order bandpass or bandstop LC filters, connectedin either a wye or a delta topology. The resonant poles of each SE circulatorare modulated in time with 120 deg phase-shifted periodic signals, resulting insynthetic angular-momentum biasing achieved through spatiotemporal modulation(STM). We tailor the two SE circulators to exhibit a constant 180 deg phasedifference between their STM biases. Unlike conventional differentialtime-variant circuits, for which only the even or odd spurs are rejected, weshow that the proposed configuration cancels out all intermodulation (IM)products, thus making them operate alike linear time-invariant (LTI) circuitsfor an external observer. In turn, this property enhances all metrics of theresulting circulator, overcoming the limitations of SE architectures, andimproving insertion loss, impedance matching, bandwidth and noise figure. Weshow that this differential architecture also significantly relaxes therequired modulation parameters, both in frequency and amplitude. We develop arigorous small-signal model to guide the design of the proposed circuits and toget insights into their pseudo-LTI characteristics. Then, we validate thetheory with simulations and measurements showing remarkable performancecompared to the current state of the art of magnetless non-reciprocal devices.
Improving Viability of Electric Taxis by Taxi Service Strategy  Optimization: A Big Data Study of New York City	2017	Electrification of transportation is critical for a low-carbon society. Inparticular, public vehicles (e.g., taxis) provide a crucial opportunity forelectrification. Despite the benefits of eco-friendliness and energyefficiency, adoption of electric taxis faces several obstacles, includingconstrained driving range, long recharging duration, limited charging stationsand low gas price, all of which impede taxi drivers' decisions to switch toelectric taxis. On the other hand, the popularity of ride-hailing mobile appsfacilitates the computerization and optimization of taxi service strategies,which can provide computer-assisted decisions of navigation and roaming fortaxi drivers to locate potential customers. This paper examines the viabilityof electric taxis with the assistance of taxi service strategy optimization, incomparison with conventional taxis with internal combustion engines. A big datastudy is provided using a large dataset of real-world taxi trips in New YorkCity. Our methodology is to first model the computerized taxi service strategyby Markov Decision Process (MDP), and then obtain the optimized taxi servicestrategy based on NYC taxi trip dataset. The profitability of electric taxidrivers is studied empirically under various battery capacity and chargingconditions. Consequently, we shed light on the solutions that can improveviability of electric taxis.
Fast Bayesian experimental design: Laplace-based importance sampling for  the expected information gain	2017	In calculating expected information gain in optimal Bayesian experimentaldesign, the computation of the inner loop in the classical double-loop MonteCarlo requires a large number of samples and suffers from underflow if thenumber of samples is small. These drawbacks can be avoided by using animportance sampling approach. We present a computationally efficient method foroptimal Bayesian experimental design that introduces importance sampling basedon the Laplace method to the inner loop. We derive the optimal values for themethod parameters in which the average computational cost is minimizedaccording to the desired error tolerance. We use three numerical examples todemonstrate the computational efficiency of our method compared with theclassical double-loop Monte Carlo, and a more recent single-loop Monte Carlomethod that uses the Laplace method as an approximation of the return value ofthe inner loop. The first example is a scalar problem that is linear in theuncertain parameter. The second example is a nonlinear scalar problem. Thethird example deals with the optimal sensor placement for an electricalimpedance tomography experiment to recover the fiber orientation in laminatecomposites.
A Multi-Objective DIRECT Algorithm Towards Structural Damage  Identification with Limited Dynamic Response Information	2017	A major challenge in Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) is to accuratelyidentify both the location and severity of damage using the dynamic responseinformation acquired. While in theory the vibration-based and impedance-basedmethods may facilitate damage identification with the assistance of a crediblebaseline finite element model since the changes of stationary wave responsesare used in these methods, the response information is generally limited andthe measurements may be heterogeneous, making an inverse analysis usingsensitivity matrix difficult. Aiming at fundamental advancement, in thisresearch we cast the damage identification problem into an optimization problemwhere possible changes of finite element properties due to damage occurrenceare treated as unknowns. We employ the multiple damage location assurancecriterion (MDLAC), which characterizes the relation between measurements andpredictions (under sampled elemental property changes), as the vector-formobjective function. We then develop an enhanced, multi-objective version of theDIRECT approach to solve the optimization problem. The underlying idea of themulti-objective DIRECT approach is to branch and bound the unknown parametricspace to converge to a set of optimal solutions. A new sampling scheme isestablished, which significantly increases the efficiency in minimizing theerror between measurements and predictions. The enhanced DIRECT algorithm isparticularly suitable to solving for unknowns that are sparse, as in practicalsituations structural damage affect only a small number of finite elements. Anumber of test cases using vibration response information are executed todemonstrate the effectiveness of the new approach.
Thermal Simulations, Open Boundary Conditions and Switches	2017	"$SU(N)$ gauge theories on compact spaces have a non-trivial vacuum structurecharacterized by a countable set of topological sectors and their topologicalcharge. In lattice simulations, every topological sector needs to be explored anumber of times which reflects its weight in the path integral. Current latticesimulations are impeded by the so-called freezing of the topological chargeproblem. As the continuum is approached, energy barriers between topologicalsectors become well defined and the simulations get trapped in a given sector.A possible way out was introduced by L\""uscher and Schaefer using open boundarycondition in the time extent. However, this solution cannot be used for thermalsimulations, where the time direction is required to be periodic. In thisproceedings, we present results obtained using open boundary conditions inspace, at non-zero temperature. With these conditions, the topological chargeis not quantized and the topological barriers are lifted. A downside of thismethod are the strong finite-size effects introduced by the boundaryconditions. We also present some exploratory results which show how theseconditions could be used on an algorithmic level to reshuffle the system andgenerate periodic configurations with non-zero topological charge."
An Explanation of the Very Low Radio Flux of Young Planet-mass  Companions	2017	We report Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) 1.3 mmcontinuum upper limits for 5 planetary-mass companions DH Tau B, CT Cha B, GSC6214-210 B, 1RXS 1609 B, and GQ Lup B. Our survey, together with other ALMAstudies, have yielded null results for disks around young planet-masscompanions and placed stringent dust mass upper limits, typically less than 0.1M_earth, when assuming dust continuum is optically thin. Such low-mass gas/dustcontent can lead to a disk lifetime estimate (from accretion rates) muchshorter than the age of the system. To alleviate this timescale discrepancy, wesuggest that disks around wide companions might be very compact and opticallythick, in order to sustain a few Myr of accretion yet have very weak(sub)millimeter flux so as to still be elusive to ALMA. Our order-of-magnitudeestimate shows that compact optically-thick disks might be smaller than 1000R_jup and only emit ~micro-Jy of flux in the (sub)millimeter, but their averagetemperature can be higher than that of circumstellar disks. The high disktemperature could impede satellite formation, but it also suggests that mid- tofar-infrared might be more favorable than radio wavelengths to characterizedisk properties. Finally, the compact disk size might imply that dynamicalencounters between the companion and the star, or any other scatterers in thesystem, play a role in the formation of planetary-mass companions.
Electro-optomechanical equivalent circuits for quantum transduction	2017	Using the techniques of optomechanics, a high-$Q$ mechanical oscillator mayserve as a link between electromagnetic modes of vastly different frequencies.This approach has successfully been exploited for the frequency conversion ofclassical signals and has the potential of performing quantum state transferbetween superconducting circuitry and a traveling optical signal. Suchtransducers are often operated in a linear regime, where the hybrid system canbe described using linear response theory based on the Heisenberg-Langevinequations. While mathematically straightforward to solve, this approach yieldslittle intuition about the dynamics of the hybrid system to aid theoptimization of the transducer. As an analysis and design tool for suchelectro-optomechanical transducers, we introduce an equivalent circuitformalism, where the entire transducer is represented by an electrical circuit.Thereby we integrate the transduction functionality of optomechanical systemsinto the toolbox of electrical engineering allowing the use of itswell-established design techniques. This unifying impedance description can beapplied both for static (DC) and harmonically varying (AC) drive fields,accommodates arbitrary linear circuits, and is not restricted to theresolved-sideband regime. Furthermore, by establishing the quantizedinput-output formalism for the equivalent circuit, we obtain the scatteringmatrix for linear transducers using circuit analysis, and thereby have acomplete quantum mechanical characterization of the transducer. Hence, thismapping of the entire transducer to the language of electrical engineering bothsheds light on how the transducer performs and can at the same time be used tooptimize its performance by aiding the design of a suitable electrical circuit.
Multi-User Frequency-Selective Hybrid MIMO Demonstrated Using 60 GHz RF  Modules	2017	Given the high throughput requirement for 5G, merging millimeter wavetechnologies and multi-user MIMO seems a very promising strategy. As hardwarelimitations impede to realize a full digital architecture, hybrid MIMOarchitectures, using digital precoding and phased antenna arrays, areconsidered a feasible solution to implement multi-user MIMO at millimeter wave.However, real channel propagation and hardware non-idealities can significantlydegrade the performance of such systems. Experimenting the new architecture isthus crucial to confirm and to support system design. Nevertheless, hybrid MIMOsystems are not yet understood as the effects of the wide channel bandwidths atmillimeter wave, the non-ideal RF front end as well as the imperfections of theanalog beamforming are often neglected. In this paper, we present a 60 GHzMU-MIMO testbed using phased antenna arrays at both transmitter and receiver.The base station equipped with a 32 phased antenna array allocatessimultaneously two users. We show that frequency selective hybrid precoding canefficiently suppress inter-user interference enabling spatial multiplexing ininterference limited scenario doubling the throughput compared to a SISOscenario and compensating the frequency fluctuation of the channel. Inaddition, we report an EVM constellation improvement of 6 dB when comparing thehybrid MIMO architecture with a fully analog architecture.
Controlling $T_c$ of Iridium films using interfacial proximity effects	2017	High precision calorimetry using superconducting transition edge sensorsrequires the use of superconducting films with a suitable $T_c$, depending onthe application. To advance high-precision macrocalorimetry, we requirelow-$T_c$ films that are easy to fabricate. A simple and effective way tosuppress $T_c$ of superconducting Iridium through the proximity effect isdemonstrated by using Ir/Pt bilayers as well as Au/Ir/Au trilayers. While Ir/Aufilms fabricated by applying heat to the substrate during Ir deposition havebeen used in the past for superconducting sensors, we present results of $T_c$suppression on Iridium by deposition at room temperature in Au/Ir/Au trilayersand Ir/Pt bilayers in the range of $\sim$20-100~mK. Measurements of therelative impedance between the Ir/Pt bilayers and Au/Ir/Au trilayers fabricatedshow factor of $\sim$10 higher values in the Ir/Pt case. These new films couldplay a key role in the development of scalable superconducting transition edgesensors that require low-$T_c$ films to minimize heat capacity and maximizeenergy resolution, while keeping high-yield fabrication methods.
On existence and stability of equilibria of DC Microgrid with constant  power loads	2017	The problem of existence and stability of equilibria of DC microgirds withconstant power loads methods is addressed in this paper. Constant power loads(CPLs) often cause instability due to its negative impedance characteristics.What is the worse, CPLs may cause that the system admits no equilibria for itsnonlinearity. The purpose of paper can be summarized as: A) designing acontroller to overcome CPLs instability; B) obtaining the sufficient conditionsto guarantee the existence of the equilibria; C) Under the conditions ofequilibria existing, obtaining the sufficient conditions of local stability.For the first objective, the method based on virtual resistance and virtualinductance is proposed. For the second objective, we transform the problem ofsolvability of quadratic equations into the existence of the fixed point of amapping. Thus, the analytical sufficient conditions is obtained based on Tarskifixed point theorem. Moreover, a numerical method is also provided to reduceconservatism. For the third objective, the small-signal model is established topredict the system qualitative behavior around equilibria. The stabilityconditions are obtained by using quadratic eigenvalue problem (GEP) theorem.These explicit conditions are obtained as a function of system parameters andit lead to build reliable microgrid.
Vortices and the saturation of the vertical shear instability in  protoplanetary disks	2017	If sufficiently irradiated by its central star, a protoplanetary disks fallsinto an equilibrium state exhibiting vertical shear. This state may be subjectto a hydrodynamical instability, the `vertical shear instability' (VSI), whosebreakdown into turbulence transports a moderate amount of angular momentumwhile also facilitating planet formation, possibly via the production ofsmall-scale vortices. In this paper, we show that VSI modes (a) exhibitarbitrary spatial profiles and (b) remain nonlinear solutions to theincompressible local equations, no matter their amplitude. The modes arethemselves subject to parasitic Kelvin-Helmholtz instability, though the diskrotation significantly impedes the parasites and permits the VSI to attainlarge amplitudes (fluid velocities < 10% the sound speed). This `delay' insaturation probably explains the prominence of the VSI linear modes in globalsimulations. More generally, the parasites may set the amplitude of VSIturbulence in strongly irradiated disks. They are also important in breakingthe axisymmetry of the flow, via the unavoidable formation of vortices. Thevortices, however, are not aligned with the orbital plane and thus express apronounced $z$-dependence. We also briefly demonstrate that the vertical shearhas little effect on the magnetorotational instability, whereas magnetic fieldseasily quench the VSI, a potential issue in the ionised surface regions of thedisk and also at larger radii.
Enabling Fine-Grain Restricted Coset Coding Through Word-Level  Compression for PCM	2017	Phase change memory (PCM) has recently emerged as a promising technology tomeet the fast growing demand for large capacity memory in computer systems,replacing DRAM that is impeded by physical limitations. Multi-level cell (MLC)PCM offers high density with low per-byte fabrication cost. However, despitemany advantages, such as scalability and low leakage, the energy forprogramming intermediate states is considerably larger than programingsingle-level cell PCM. In this paper, we study encoding techniques to reducewrite energy for MLC PCM when the encoding granularity is lowered below thetypical cache line size. We observe that encoding data blocks at smallgranularity to reduce write energy actually increases the write energy becauseof the auxiliary encoding bits. We mitigate this adverse effect by 1) designingsuitable codeword mappings that use fewer auxiliary bits and 2) proposing a newWord-Level Compression (WLC) which compresses more than 91% of the memory linesand provides enough room to store the auxiliary data using a novel restrictedcoset encoding applied at small data block granularities.  Experimental results show that the proposed encoding at 16-bit datagranularity reduces the write energy by 39%, on average, versus the leadingencoding approach for write energy reduction. Furthermore, it improvesendurance by 20% and is more reliable than the leading approach. Hardwaresynthesis evaluation shows that the proposed encoding can be implementedon-chip with only a nominal area overhead.
Quantum Networks in Divergence-free Circuit QED	2017	Superconducting circuits are one of the leading quantum platforms for quantumtechnologies. With growing system complexity, it is of crucial importance todevelop scalable circuit models that contain the minimum information requiredto predict the behaviour of the physical system. Based on microwave engineeringmethods, divergent and non-divergent Hamiltonian models in circuit quantumelectrodynamics have been proposed to explain the dynamics of superconductingquantum networks coupled to infinite-dimensional systems, such as transmissionlines and general impedance environments. Here, we study systematically commonlinear coupling configurations between networks and infinite-dimensionalsystems. The main result is that the simple Lagrangian models for theseconfigurations present an intrinsic natural length that provides a naturalultraviolet cutoff. This length is due to the unavoidable dressing of theenvironment modes by the network. In this manner, the coupling parametersbetween their components correctly manifest their natural decoupling at highfrequencies. Furthermore, we show the requirements to correctly separateinfinite-dimensional coupled systems in local bases. We also compare ouranalytical results with other analytical and approximate methods available inthe literature. Finally, we propose several applications of these generalmethods to analog quantum simulation of multi-spin-boson models innon-perturbative coupling regimes.
Inverse design method for metalens with optical vortices towards light  focusing through localized phase retardation	2017	Metalenses can achieve diffraction-limited focusing through localized phasemanipulation of the incoming light beam. Because these structures areultrathin, less than a wavelength, this has the potential of achievingultrathin optical elements, with a thickness limited mainly by the mechanicalstrength of the transparent substrate. Recently proposed metalenses are basedon either dielectric nanofin arrays, or nanoparticles of large number, whichleads to severe manufacturing challenges. To overcome these challenges, thispaper predicts a new type of metalens with concentric-nanoring topology, wherethe number and size of the nanorings are determined using an inverse designmethod. By focusing the electrical field energy at a specified position, theconvex-like metalens is inversely predicted with desired numerical aperture anda diffraction-limited focal spot. The Poynting vector distribution founddemonstrates the mechanism of the lensing function, in which optical vorticesare generated in the nanorings to achieve a matching of the phase and impedancebetween the substrate and free space, and further, to form a sphericalwavefront and enhance the transmission of the optical energy. The inversedesign method can also be extended to predict an axicon-like metalens withfocal beam. The improved manufacturability is concluded from the geometry ofthe concentric-nanoring configurations.
TMCI and Space Charge II	2017	Transverse mode-coupling instability (TMCI) is known to limit bunchintensity. Since space charge (SC) changes coherent spectra, it affects theTMCI threshold. Generally, there are only two types of TMCI with respect to SC:the vanishing type and the strong space charge (SSC) type. For the former, thethreshold value of the wake tune shift is asymptotically proportional to the SCtune shift, as it was first observed twenty years ago by M. Blaskiewicz forexponential wakes. For the latter, the threshold value of the wake tune shiftis asymptotically inversely proportional to the SC, as it was shown by one ofthe authors. In the presented studies of various wakes, potential wells, andbunch distributions, the second type of instability was always observed forcosine wakes; it was also seen for the sine wakes in the case of a bunch withina square potential well. The vanishing TMCI was observed for all other wakesand distributions we discuss in this paper: always for the negative wakes, andalways, except the cosine wake, for parabolic potential wells. At the end ofthis paper, we consider high-frequency broadband wake, suggested as a modelimpedance for CERN SPS ring. As expected, TMCI is of the vanishing type in thiscase. Thus, SPS Q26 instability, observed at strong SC almost with the samebunch parameters as it would be observed without SC, cannot be TMCI.
Interplay of activation kinetics and the derivative conductance  determines resonance properties of neurons	2017	In a neuron with hyperpolarization activated current ($I_h$), the correctinput frequency leads to an enhancement of the output response. This behavioris known as resonance and is well described by the neuronal impedance. In asimple neuron model we derive equations for the neuron's resonance and we linkits frequency and existence with the biophysical properties of $I_h$. For asmall voltage change, the component of the ratio of current change to voltagechange ($dI/dV$) due to the voltage-dependent conductance change ($dg/dV$) isknown as derivative conductance ($G_h^{Der}$). We show that both $G_h^{Der}$and the current activation kinetics (characterized by the activation timeconstant $\tau_h$) are mainly responsible for controlling the frequency andexistence of resonance. The increment of both factors ($G_h^{Der}$ and$\tau_h$) greatly contributes to the appearance of resonance. We alsodemonstrate that resonance is voltage dependent due to the voltage dependenceof $G_h^{Der}$. Our results have important implications and can be used topredict and explain resonance properties of neurons with the $I_h$ current.
Injection locking of optomechanical oscillators via acoustic waves	2017	Injection locking is a powerful technique for synchronization of oscillatornetworks and controlling the phase and frequency of individual oscillatorsusing similar or other types of oscillators. Here, we present the firstdemonstration of injection locking of a radiation-pressure drivenoptomechanical oscillator (OMO) via acoustic waves. As opposed to previouslyreported techniques (based on pump modulation or direct application of amodulated electrostatic force), injection locking of OMO via acoustic wavesdoes not require optical power modulation or physical contact with the OMO andit can easily be implemented on various platforms. Using this approach we havelocked the phase and frequency of two distinct modes of a microtoroidal silicaOMO to a piezoelectric transducer (PZT). We have characterized the behavior ofthe injection locked OMO with three acoustic excitation configurations andshowed that even without proper acoustic impedance matching the OMO can belocked to the PZT and tuned over 17 kHz with only -30 dBm of RF power fed tothe PZT. The high efficiency, simplicity and scalability of the proposedapproach paves the road toward a new class of photonic systems that rely onsynchronization of several OMOs to a single or multiple RF oscillators withapplications in optical communication, metrology and sensing. Beyond itspractical applications, injection locking via acoustic waves can be used infundamental studies in quantum optomechanics where thermal and opticalisolation of the OMO are critical.
Stress-dependent electrical transport and its universal scaling in  granular materials	2017	We experimentally and numerically examine stress-dependent electricaltransport in granular materials to elucidate the origins of their universaldielectric response. The ac responses of granular systems under variedcompressive loadings consistently exhibit a transition from a resistive plateauat low frequencies to a state of nearly constant loss at high frequencies. Byusing characteristic frequencies corresponding to the onset of conductancedispersion and measured direct-current resistance as scaling parameters tonormalize the measured impedance, results of the spectra under different stressstates collapse onto a single master curve, revealing well-definedstress-independent universality. In order to model this electrical transport, acontact network is constructed on the basis of prescribed packing structures,which is then used to establish a resistor-capacitor network by consideringinteractions between individual particles. In this model thefrequency-dependent network response meaningfully reproduces the experimentallyobserved master curve exhibited by granular materials under various normalstress levels indicating this universal scaling behaviour is found to begoverned by i) interfacial properties between grains and ii) the networkconfiguration. The findings suggest the necessity of considering contactmorphologies and packing structures in modelling electrical responses usingnetwork-based approaches.
An Electrochemical Technique for Measurements of Electrical Conductivity  of Aqueous Electrolytes	2017	The technique presented here for the measurement of electrical conductivityis based on the principle that the current converges on a small disk electrode.Most of the ohmic resistance therefore lies within a narrow region surroundingthe disk. If the reference electrode is kept outside this zone, the potentialdifference between the working and the reference electrode includes practicallyall ohmic potential drops occurring in the solution. Moreover, this ohmic dropcan be related to the conductivity of the solution by an analytical expressionderived by Newman. At sufficiently high overpotentials, the rate of chargetransfer is limited by the conduction of current from the bulk solution to theelectrode. In this regime, the current varies linearly with the electrodepotential and the conductivity of the solution can be estimated from the slopeof the voltammogram using Newman's expression. The electrochemical reactionused for measuring conductivity of solutions of salts is the cathodic reductionof water and that used for aqueous acids is the cathodic reduction of hydrogenions. The technique has been used to measure conductivity of several commonaqueous electrolytes. A good agreement is found between the present techniqueand the conventional technique based on AC impedance analysis.
Elastic-net regularization for nonlinear electrical impedance tomography  with a splitting approach	2017	Image reconstruction of EIT mathematically is a typical nonlinear andseverely ill-posed inverse problem. Appropriate priors or penalties arerequired to enable the reconstruction. The commonly used L2-norm can enforcethe stability to preserve local smoothness, and the current L1-norm can enforcethe sparsity to preserve sharp edges. Considering the fact that L2-norm penaltyalways makes the solution overly smooth and L1-norm penalty always makes thesolution too sparse, elastic-net regularization approach with a convexcombination term of L1-norm and L2-norm emerges for fully nonlinear EIT inverseproblems. Our aim is to combine the strength of both terms: sparsity in thetransform domain and smoothness in the physical domain, in an attempt toimprove the reconstruction resolution and robustness to noise. Nonlinearity andnon-smoothness of the generated composite minimization problem make itchallenging to find an efficient numerical solution. Then we develop one simpleand fast numerical optimization scheme based on the split Bregman technique forthe joint penalties regularization. The method is validated using simulateddata for some typical conductivity distributions. Results indicate that theproposed inversion model with an appropriate parameter choice achieves anefficient regularization solution and enhances the quality of the reconstructedimage.
Efficient energy propagation through self-assembled gold nanoparticle  chain waveguides	2017	The strong interaction of light with metallic nanoparticles enables fieldconfinement well below the diffraction limit. Plasmonic waveguides consistingof metal nanoparticle chains could be used for the propagation of energy orinformation on the nanoscale, but high losses have thus far impeded practicalapplications. Here we demonstrate that efficient waveguiding is possiblethrough gold nanoparticle chains despite the high dissipative losses of gold. ADNA origami directed self-assembly of monocrystalline, spherical nanoparticlesallows the interparticle spacing to be decreased to 2 nm or below, which givesrise to lower-energy plasmon resonance modes. Our simulations imply that theselower energy modes allow efficient waveguiding but collapse if interparticlegap sizes are increased. Individual waveguides are characterized withnanometer-resolution by electron energy loss spectroscopy, and directedpropagation of energy towards a fluorescent nanodiamond and nanoscale energyconversion is shown by cathodoluminescence imaging spectroscopy on asingle-device level. With this approach, micrometer-long propagation lengthsmight be achieved, enabling applications in information technology, sensing andquantum optics.
Black-hole-regulated star formation in massive galaxies	2018	Super-massive black holes, with masses larger than a million times that ofthe Sun, appear to inhabit the centers of all massive galaxies.Cosmologically-motivated theories of galaxy formation need feedback from thesesuper-massive black holes to regulate star formation. In the absence of suchfeedback, state-of-the-art numerical simulations dramatically fail to reproducethe number density and properties of massive galaxies in the local Universe.However, there is no observational evidence of this strongly coupledco-evolution between super-massive black holes and star formation, impeding ourunderstanding of baryonic processes within galaxies. Here we show that the starformation histories (SFHs) of nearby massive galaxies, as measured from theirintegrated optical spectra, depend on the mass of the central super-massiveblack hole. Our results suggest that black hole mass growth scales with gascooling rate in the early Universe. The subsequent quenching of star formationtakes place earlier and more efficiently in galaxies hosting more massivecentral black holes. The observed relation between black hole mass and starformation efficiency applies to all generations of stars formed throughout agalaxy's life, revealing a continuous interplay between black hole activity andbaryon cooling.
Meltdown	2018	The security of computer systems fundamentally relies on memory isolation,e.g., kernel address ranges are marked as non-accessible and are protected fromuser access. In this paper, we present Meltdown. Meltdown exploits side effectsof out-of-order execution on modern processors to read arbitrary kernel-memorylocations including personal data and passwords. Out-of-order execution is anindispensable performance feature and present in a wide range of modernprocessors. The attack works on different Intel microarchitectures since atleast 2010 and potentially other processors are affected. The root cause ofMeltdown is the hardware. The attack is independent of the operating system,and it does not rely on any software vulnerabilities. Meltdown breaks allsecurity assumptions given by address space isolation as well asparavirtualized environments and, thus, every security mechanism building uponthis foundation. On affected systems, Meltdown enables an adversary to readmemory of other processes or virtual machines in the cloud without anypermissions or privileges, affecting millions of customers and virtually everyuser of a personal computer. We show that the KAISER defense mechanism forKASLR has the important (but inadvertent) side effect of impeding Meltdown. Westress that KAISER must be deployed immediately to prevent large-scaleexploitation of this severe information leakage.
Power generation from a radiative thermal source using a large-area  infrared rectenna	2018	Electrical power generation from a moderate temperature thermal source bymeans of direct conversion of infrared radiation is important and highlydesirable for energy harvesting from waste heat and micropower applications.Here, we demonstrate direct rectified power generation from an unbiasedlarge-area nanoantenna-coupled tunnel diode rectifier, called a rectenna. Usinga vacuum radiometric measurement technique with irradiation from atemperature-stabilized thermal source, a generated power density of 8 nW/cm$^2$is observed at a source temperature of 450C for the unbiased rectenna across anoptimized load resistance. The optimized load resistance for the peak powergeneration for each temperature coincides with the tunnel diode resistance atzero bias and corresponds to the impedance matching condition for a rectifyingantenna. Current voltage measurements of a thermally illuminated large-arearectenna show current zero crossing shifts into the second quadrant indicatingrectification. Photon-assisted tunneling in the unbiased rectenna is modeled asthe mechanism for the large short-circuit photocurrents observed where thephoton energy serves as an effective bias across the tunnel junction. Themeasured current and voltage across the load resistor as a function of thethermal source temperature represents direct current electrical powergeneration.
A modified fuzzy C means algorithm for shading correction in  craniofacial CBCT images	2018	CBCT images suffer from acute shading artifacts primarily due to scatter.Numerous image-domain correction algorithms have been proposed in theliterature that use patient-specific planning CT images to estimate shadingcontributions in CBCT images. However, in the context of radiosurgeryapplications such as gamma knife, planning images are often acquired throughMRI which impedes the use of polynomial fitting approaches for shadingcorrection. We present a new shading correction approach that is independent ofplanning CT images. Our algorithm is based on the assumption that true CBCTimages follow a uniform volumetric intensity distribution per material, andscatter perturbs this uniform texture by contributing cupping and shadingartifacts in the image domain. The framework is a combination of fuzzy C-meanscoupled with a neighborhood regularization term and Otsu's method. Experimentalresults on artificially simulated craniofacial CBCT images are provided todemonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm. Spatial non-uniformity isreduced from 16% to 7% in soft tissue and from 44% to 8% in bone regions. Withshading-correction, thresholding based segmentation accuracy for bone pixels isimproved from 85% to 91% when compared to thresholding withoutshading-correction. The proposed algorithm is thus practical and qualifies as aplug and play extension into any CBCT reconstruction software for shadingcorrection.
Quantification of Ion Migration in CH3NH3PbI3 Perovskite Solar Cells by  Transient Capacitance Measurements	2018	Solar cells based on organic-inorganic metal halide perovskites showefficiencies close to highly-optimized silicon solar cells. However, ionmigration in the perovskite films leads to device degradation and impedes largescale commercial applications. We use transient ion-drift measurements toquantify activation energy, diffusion coefficient, and concentration of mobileions in methylammonium lead triiodide (MAPbI3) perovskite solar cells, and findthat their properties change close to the tetragonal-to-orthorhombic phasetransition temperature. We identify three migrating ion species which weattribute to the migration of iodide (I-) and methylammonium (MA+). We findthat the concentration of mobile MA+ ions is one order of magnitude higher thanthe one of mobile I- ions, and that the diffusion coefficient of mobile MA+ions is three orders of magnitude lower than the one for mobile I- ions. Wefurthermore observe that the activation energy of mobile I- ions (0.29 eV) ishighly reproducible for different devices, while the activation energy ofmobile MA+ depends strongly on device fabrication. This quantification ofmobile ions in MAPbI3 will lead to a better understanding of ion migration andits role in operation and degradation of perovskite solar cells.
Temperature-Dependence of the Solid-Electrolyte Interphase  Overpotential: Part I. Two Parallel Mechanisms, One Phase Transition	2018	It has been shown recently that the overpotential originating from ionicconduction of alkali-ions through the inner dense solid-electrolyte interphase(SEI) is strongly non-linear. An empirical equation was proposed to merge themeasured resistances from both galvanostatic cycling (GS) and electrochemicalimpedance spectroscopy (EIS) at 25$^{\circ}$C. Here, this analysis is extendedto the full temperature range of batteries from -40$^{\circ}$C to+80$^{\circ}$C for Li, Na, K and Rb-metal electrodes in carbonate electrolytes.Two different transport mechanisms are found. The first one conductsalkali-ions at all measured temperatures. The second transport mechanismconducts ions for all seven measured Li-ion electrolytes and one out of fourNa-ion electrolytes, however, only above a certain critical temperature $T_C$.At $T_C$ a phase transition is observed switching-off the more efficienttransport mechanism and leaving only the general ion conduction mechanism. Theassociated overpotentials increase rapidly below $T_C$ depending on alkali-ion,salt and solvent and become a limiting factor during galvanostatic operation ofall Li-ion electrolytes at low temperature. In general, the current analysismerges the SEI resistances measured by EIS ranging from 26 $\Omega$cm$^2$ forthe best Li up to 292 M$\Omega$cm$^2$ for Rb electrodes to its galvanostaticresponse over seven orders of magnitude. The determined critical temperaturesare between 0-25$^{\circ}$C for the tested Li and above 50$^{\circ}$C for Naelectrolytes.
Characterisation of carbon fibre-reinforced polymer composites through  complex Radon-transform analysis of eddy-current data	2017	Maintaining the correct fibre orientations and stacking sequence incarbon-fibre reinforced polymers (CFRP) during manufacture is essential forachieving the required mechanical properties of a component. This paperpresents and evaluates a method for the rapid characterisation of the fibreorientations present in CFRP structures, and the differentiation of differentstacking sequences, through the Radon-transform analysis of complex-valuededdy-current testing (ECT) inspection data. A high-frequency (20 MHz)eddy-current inspection system was used to obtain 2D scans of a range of CFRPsamples of differing ply stacking sequences. The complex electrical impedancescan data was analysed using Radon-transform techniques to quickly and simplydetermine the dominant fibre orientations present in the structure. This methodis compared to 2D-fast Fourier transform (2D-FFT) analysis of the same data andshown to give superior quantitative results with comparatively fewercomputational steps and corrections. Further analysis is presenteddemonstrating and examining a method for preserving the complex informationinherent within the eddy-current scan data during Radon-transform analysis.This investigation shows that the real and imaginary components of the ECT dataencode information about the sacking sequence allowing the distinction betweencomposites with different stacking structures. This new analysis techniquecould be used for in-process analysis of CFRP structures as a more accuratecharacterisation method, reducing the chance of costly manufacturing errors.
Particle Production in Ultra-Strong Coupling Waveguide QED	2018	Understanding large-scale interacting quantum matter requires dealing withthe huge number of quanta that are produced by scattering even a few particlesagainst a complex quantum object. Prominent examples are found from high energycosmic ray showers to the optical or electrical driving of degenerate Fermigases. We tackle this challenge in the context of many-body quantum optics, asmotivated by the recent developments of circuit quantum electrodynamics atultrastrong coupling. The issue of particle production is addressedquantitatively with a simple yet powerful concept rooted in the quantumsuperposition principle. This key idea is illustrated by the study ofmulti-photon emission from a single two-level artificial atom coupled to a highimpedance waveguide. We find surprisingly that the off-resonant inelasticemission lineshape is dominated by broadband particle production, due to thelarge phase space associated with contributions that do not conserve the numberof excitations. Such frequency conversion processes produce striking signaturesin time correlation measurements, which can be tested experimentally in quantumwaveguides. These ideas open new directions for the simulation of a variety ofphysical systems, from polaron dynamics in solids to complex superconductingquantum architectures.
Using electropolymerization based doping for electro-addressable  functionalization of a multi-electrode array probe for nucleic acid detection	2017	Here, we report a facile method for electro-addressable functionalization ofa probe comprising of closely spaced three individually addressable carbonfiber electrodes for detection of nucleic acids. First, a multi electrode arrayprobe comprising three adjacent carbon fiber electrodes was fabricated throughpulling a three-barrel glass capillary with a single carbon fiber in eachbarrel using a micropuller. Second, electropolymerization based doping was usedfor electro-addressable functionalization of the multi-electrode array probe.To demonstrate that the current strategy works, anti-miR-34a was electrograftedon only one of three electrodes by electropolymerization of pyrrole on thespecific electrode. A second electrode was coated only with polypyrrole (PPy)and the third was left unmodified. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS)was used for analysis and the results clearly showed charge transfer resistanceof the PPy + anti-miR-34a modified electrode increased significantly afterhybridization, while charge transfer resistance of the other two electrodesremained almost constant. The results demonstrate that the present strategy hasgreat potential for constructing multiplex nucleic acid micro/nano biosensorsfor local and in situ detection of multiple nucleic acid molecules such asmiRNAs at a time.
Detection Games Under Fully Active Adversaries	2018	We study a binary hypothesis testing problem in which a defender must decidewhether or not a test sequence has been drawn from a given memoryless source$P_0$ whereas, an attacker strives to impede the correct detection. Withrespect to previous works, the adversarial setup addressed in this paperconsiders an attacker who is active under both hypotheses, namely, a fullyactive attacker, as opposed to a partially active attacker who is active underone hypothesis only. In the fully active setup, the attacker distorts sequencesdrawn both from $P_0$ and from an alternative memoryless source $P_1$, up to acertain distortion level, which is possibly different under the two hypotheses,in order to maximize the confusion in distinguishing between the two sources,i.e., to induce both false positive and false negative errors at the detector,also referred to as the defender. We model the defender-attacker interaction asa game and study two versions of this game, the Neyman-Pearson game and theBayesian game. Our main result is in the characterization of an attack strategythat is asymptotically both dominant (i.e., optimal no matter what thedefender's strategy is) and universal, i.e., independent of $P_0$ and $P_1$.From the analysis of the equilibrium payoff, we also derive the best achievableperformance of the defender, by relaxing the requirement on the exponentialdecay rate of the false positive error probability in the Neyman--Pearson setupand the tradeoff between the error exponents in the Bayesian setup. Suchanalysis permits to characterize the conditions for the distinguishability ofthe two sources given the distortion levels.
Quantum mechanics, ontology, and non-reflexive logics	2018	"This is a general philosophical paper where I overview some ideas concerningthe non-reflexive foundations of quantum mechanics (NRFQM). By NRFQM I meanformalism and an interpretation of QM that considers an involved ontology ofnon-individuals as explained in the text. Thus, I do not endorse a purelyinstrumentalist view of QM, but believe that it speaks of something, and then Itry to show that one of the plausible views of this `something' is as entitiesdevoid of identity conditions. Warning note: This is a revised version of apaper with the same name that was written by invitation to be published in abook titled \textit{The Mammoth Book on Quantum Mechanics Interpretations},edited by Open Academic Press, Berlin, and having as editor a certain UlfEdvinsson, who has invited me. The book was announced in the page of OAP andshould appear by 2016. This never happened. Later I discovered that OAP is in alist of predatory editorial houses and that ""Ulf Edvinsson"" is (apparently) afake name. Furthermore, I couldn't contact anyone responding by OAP to retiremy name from the announcement of the book and for impeding them to publish thepaper. I strongly apologize for such a fault, which is completely mine. Sincethe subject presented here has been among my preoccupations ever since I metFranscicso Antonio Doria for the first time (in 1987), it is a pleasure todedicate the stuff to him. And of course I thank the editors for accepting thisversion of the paper for this book."
Parametric amplification and squeezing with an ac- and dc-voltage biased  superconducting junction	2018	We theoretically investigate a near-quantum-limited parametric amplifierbased on the nonlinear dynamics of quasiparticles flowing through asuperconducting-insulator-superconducting junction. Photon-assisted tunneling,resulting from the combination of dc- and ac-voltage bias, gives rise to astrong parametric interaction for the electromagnetic modes reflected by thejunction coupled to a transmission line. We show phase-sensitive andphase-preserving amplification, together with single- and two-mode squeezing.For an aluminum junction pumped at twice the center frequency,$\omega_0/2\pi=6$~GHz, we predict narrow-band phase-sensitive amplification ofmicrowaves signals to more than 20 dB, and broadband phase-preservingamplification of 20 dB over a 1.2 GHz 3-dB bandwidth. We also predict single-and two-mode squeezing reaching more than -12 dB over 5.3 GHz 3-dB bandwidth.Moreover, with a simple impedance matching circuit, we demonstrate 3 dBbandwidth reaching 4.3 GHz for 20 dB of gain. A key feature of the device isthat its performance can be controlled in-situ with the applied dc- andac-voltage biases.
Dual Shapiro steps of a phase-slip junction in the presence of a  parasitic capacitance	2018	Bloch oscillations in a single Josephson junction in the phase-slip regimerelate current to frequency. They can be measured by applying a periodic driveto a DC-biased, small Josephson junction. Phase-locking between the periodicdrive and the Bloch oscillations then gives rise to steps at constant currentin the I-V curves, also known as dual Shapiro steps. Unlike conventionalShapiro steps, a measurement of these dual Shapiro steps is impeded by thepresence of a parasitic capacitance. This capacitance shunts the junctionresulting in a suppression of the amplitude of the Bloch oscillations. Thisdetrimental effect of the parasitic capacitance can be remedied by an on-chipsuperinductance. Additionally, we introduce a large off-chip resistance toprovide the necessary dissipation. We investigate the resulting system by a setof analytical and numerical methods. In particular, we obtain an explicitanalytical expression for the height of dual Shapiro steps as a function of theratio of the parasitic capacitance to the superinductance. Using this result,we provide a quantitative estimate of the dual Shapiro step height. Ourcalculations reveal that even in the presence of a parasitic capacitance, itshould be possible to observe Bloch oscillations with realistic experimentalparameters.
Kinematic Flexibility Analysis: Hydrogen Bonding Patterns Impart a  Spatial Hierarchy of Protein Motion	2018	Elastic network models (ENM) and constraint-based, topological rigidityanalysis are two distinct, coarse-grained approaches to study conformationalflexibility of macromolecules. In the two decades since their introduction,both have contributed significantly to insights into protein molecularmechanisms and function. However, despite a shared purpose of these approaches,the topological nature of rigidity analysis, and thereby the absence of motionmodes, has impeded a direct comparison. Here, we present an alternative,kinematic approach to rigidity analysis, which circumvents these drawbacks. Weintroduce a novel protein hydrogen bond network spectral decomposition, whichprovides an orthonormal basis for collective motions modulated by non-covalentinteractions, analogous to the eigenspectrum of normal modes, and decomposesproteins into rigid clusters identical to those from topological rigidity. Ourkinematic flexibility analysis bridges topological rigidity theory and ENM, andenables a detailed analysis of motion modes obtained from both approaches. Ouranalysis reveals that collectivity of protein motions, reported by the Shannonentropy, is significantly lower for rigidity theory versus normal modeapproaches. Strikingly, kinematic flexibility analysis suggests that thehydrogen bonding network encodes a protein-fold specific, spatial hierarchy ofmotions, which goes nearly undetected in ENM. This hierarchy reveals distinctmotion regimes that rationalize protein stiffness changes observed fromexperiment and molecular dynamics simulations. A formal expression for changesin free energy derived from the spectral decomposition indicates that motionsacross nearly 40% of modes obey enthalpy-entropy compensation. Taken together,our analysis suggests that hydrogen bond networks have evolved to modulateprotein structure and dynamics.
L1-Norm Batch Normalization for Efficient Training of Deep Neural  Networks	2018	Batch Normalization (BN) has been proven to be quite effective ataccelerating and improving the training of deep neural networks (DNNs).However, BN brings additional computation, consumes more memory and generallyslows down the training process by a large margin, which aggravates thetraining effort. Furthermore, the nonlinear square and root operations in BNalso impede the low bit-width quantization techniques, which draws muchattention in deep learning hardware community. In this work, we propose anL1-norm BN (L1BN) with only linear operations in both the forward and thebackward propagations during training. L1BN is shown to be approximatelyequivalent to the original L2-norm BN (L2BN) by multiplying a scaling factor.Experiments on various convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and generativeadversarial networks (GANs) reveal that L1BN maintains almost the sameaccuracies and convergence rates compared to L2BN but with higher computationalefficiency. On FPGA platform, the proposed signum and absolute operations inL1BN can achieve 1.5$\times$ speedup and save 50\% power consumption, comparedwith the original costly square and root operations, respectively. Thishardware-friendly normalization method not only surpasses L2BN in speed, butalso simplify the hardware design of ASIC accelerators with higher energyefficiency. Last but not the least, L1BN promises a fully quantized training ofDNNs, which is crucial to future adaptive terminal devices.
Voltage driven, local, and efficient excitation of nitrogen-vacancy  centers in diamond	2018	Magnetic sensing technology has found widespread application in industries asdiverse as transportation, medicine, and resource exploration. Such use casesoften require highly sensitive instruments to measure the extremely smallmagnetic fields involved, relying on difficult to integrate SuperconductingQuantum Interference Device (SQUID) and Spin-Exchange Relaxation Free (SERF)magnetometers. A potential alternative, nitrogen vacancy (NV) centers indiamond, has shown great potential as a high sensitivity and high resolutionmagnetic sensor capable of operating in an unshielded, room-temperatureenvironment. Transitioning NV center based sensors into practical devices,however, is impeded by the need for high power RF excitation to manipulatethem. Here we report an advance that combines two different physical phenomenato enable a highly efficient excitation of the NV centers: magnetoelastic driveof ferromagnetic resonance (FMR) and NV-magnon coupling. Our work demonstratesa new pathway to combine acoustics and magnonics that enables highly energyefficient and local excitation of NV centers without the need for any externalRF excitation, and thus could lead to completely integrated, on-chip, atomicsensors.
End-to-End Video Captioning with Multitask Reinforcement Learning	2018	Although end-to-end (E2E) learning has led to impressive progress on avariety of visual understanding tasks, it is often impeded by hardwareconstraints (e.g., GPU memory) and is prone to overfitting. When it comes tovideo captioning, one of the most challenging benchmark tasks in computervision, those limitations of E2E learning are especially amplified by the factthat both the input videos and output captions are lengthy sequences. Indeed,state-of-the-art methods for video captioning process video frames byconvolutional neural networks and generate captions by unrolling recurrentneural networks. If we connect them in an E2E manner, the resulting model isboth memory-consuming and data-hungry, making it extremely hard to train. Inthis paper, we propose a multitask reinforcement learning approach to trainingan E2E video captioning model. The main idea is to mine and construct as manyeffective tasks (e.g., attributes, rewards, and the captions) as possible fromthe human captioned videos such that they can jointly regulate the search spaceof the E2E neural network, from which an E2E video captioning model can befound and generalized to the testing phase. To the best of our knowledge, thisis the first video captioning model that is trained end-to-end from the rawvideo input to the caption output. Experimental results show that such a modeloutperforms existing ones to a large margin on two benchmark video captioningdatasets.
A ghost imaging modality in a random waveguide	2018	We study the imaging of a penetrable scatterer, aka target, in a waveguidewith randomly perturbed boundary. The target is located between a partiallycoherent source which transmits the wave, and a detector which measures thespatially integrated energy flux of the wave. The imaging is impeded by randomboundary scattering effects that accumulate as the wave propagates. We considera very large distance (range) between the target and the detector, where thatcumulative scattering is so strong that it distributes the energy evenly amongthe components (modes) of the wave. Conventional imaging is impossible in thisequipartition regime. Nevertheless, we show that the target can be located witha ghost imaging modality. This forms an image using the cross-correlation ofthe measured energy flux, integrated over the aperture of the detector, withthe time and space resolved energy flux in a reference waveguide, at the searchrange. We consider two reference waveguides: The waveguide with unperturbedboundary, in which we can calculate the energy flux, and the actual randomwaveguide, before the presence of the target, in which the energy flux shouldbe measured. We analyze the ghost imaging modality from first principles andshow that it can be efficient in a random waveguide geometry in which there isboth strong modal dispersion and mode coupling induced by scattering, providedthat the standard ghost imaging function is modified and integrated over asuitable time offset window in order to compensate for dispersion anddiffusion. The analysis quantifies the resolution of the image in terms of thesource and detector aperture, the range offset between the source and thetarget, and the duration of the measurements.
A HARDCORE model for constraining an exoplanet's core size	2018	The interior structure of an exoplanet is hidden from direct view yet likelyplays a crucial role in influencing the habitability of the Earth analogues.Inferences of the interior structure are impeded by a fundamental degeneracythat exists between any model comprising more than two layers and observationsconstraining just two bulk parameters: mass and radius. In this work, we showthat although the inverse problem is indeed degenerate, there exists twoboundary conditions that enables one to infer the minimum and maximum coreradius fraction, CRFmin and CRFmax. These hold true even for planets with lightvolatile envelopes, but require the planet to be fully differentiated and thatlayers denser than iron are forbidden. With both bounds in hand, a marginal CRFcan also be inferred by sampling in-between. After validating on the Earth, weapply our method to Kepler-36b and measure CRFmin = (0.50 +/- 0.07), CRFmax =(0.78 +/- 0.02), and CRFmarg = (0.64 +/- 0.11), broadly consistent with theEarth's true CRF value of 0.55. We apply our method to a suite of hypotheticalmeasurements of synthetic planets to serve as a sensitivity analysis. We findthat CRFmin and CRFmax have recovered uncertainties proportional to therelative error on the planetary density, but CRFmarg saturates to between 0.03and 0.16 once delta rho/rho drops below 1-2 per cent. This implies that massand radius alone cannot provide any better constraints on internal compositiononce bulk density constraints hit around a per cent, providing a clear targetfor observers.
Ekiden: A Platform for Confidentiality-Preserving, Trustworthy, and  Performant Smart Contract Execution	2018	Smart contracts are applications that execute on blockchains. Today theymanage billions of dollars in value and motivate visionary plans for pervasiveblockchain deployment. While smart contracts inherit the availability and othersecurity assurances of blockchains, however, they are impeded by blockchains'lack of confidentiality and poor performance.  We present Ekiden, a system that addresses these critical gaps by combiningblockchains with Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs). Ekiden leverages anovel architecture that separates consensus from execution, enabling efficientTEE-backed confidentiality-preserving smart-contracts and high scalability. Ourprototype (with Tendermint as the consensus layer) achieves example performanceof 600x more throughput and 400x less latency at 1000x less cost than theEthereum mainnet.  Another contribution of this paper is that we systematically identify andtreat the pitfalls arising from harmonizing TEEs and blockchains. Treatedseparately, both TEEs and blockchains provide powerful guarantees, buthybridized, though, they engender new attacks. For example, in naive designs,privacy in TEE-backed contracts can be jeopardized by forgery of blocks, aseemingly unrelated attack vector. We believe the insights learned from Ekidenwill prove to be of broad importance in hybridized TEE-blockchain systems.
Pd$_{2}$Se$_{3}$ Monolayer: A Promising Two Dimensional Thermoelectric  Material with Ultralow Lattice Thermal Conductivity and High Power Factor	2018	"A high power factor and low lattice thermal conductivity are two essentialingredients of highly efficient thermoelectric materials. Although monolayersof transition metal dichalcogenides possess high power factors, high latticethermal conductivities significantly impede their practical applications. Ourfirst-principles calculations show that these two ingredients are wellfulfilled in the recently synthesized Pd$_{2}$Se$_{3}$ monolayer, whose crystalstructure is composed of [Se$_{2}$]$^{2-}$ dimers, Se$^{2-}$ anions, andPd$^{2+}$ cations coordinated in a square planar manner. Our detailed analysisof third-order interatomic force constants reveals that the anharmonicity andsoft phonon modes associated with [Se$_2$]$^{2-}$ dimers lead to ultra-lowlattice thermal conductivities in Pd$_{2}$Se$_{3}$ monolayers (1.5 and 2.9Wm$^{-1}$K$^{-1}$ along the $a$- and $b$-axes at 300\,K respectively), whichare comparable to those of high-performance bulk thermoelectric materials suchas PbTe. Moreover, the ""pudding-mold"" type band structure, caused by Pd$^{2+}$($d^{8}$) cations coordinated in a square planar crystal field, leads to highpower factors in Pd$_{2}$Se$_{3}$ monolayers. Consequently, both electron andhole doped thermoelectric materials with a considerably high $zT$ can beachieved at moderate carrier concentrations, suggesting that Pd$_{2}$Se$_{3}$is a promising two-dimensional thermoelectric material."
Putting Question-Answering Systems into Practice: Transfer Learning for  Efficient Domain Customization	2018	Traditional information retrieval (such as that offered by web searchengines) impedes users with information overload from extensive result pagesand the need to manually locate the desired information therein. Conversely,question-answering systems change how humans interact with information systems:users can now ask specific questions and obtain a tailored answer - bothconveniently in natural language. Despite obvious benefits, their use is oftenlimited to an academic context, largely because of expensive domaincustomizations, which means that the performance in domain-specificapplications often fails to meet expectations. This paper proposescost-efficient remedies: (i) we leverage metadata through a filteringmechanism, which increases the precision of document retrieval, and (ii) wedevelop a novel fuse-and-oversample approach for transfer learning in order toimprove the performance of answer extraction. Here knowledge is inductivelytransferred from a related, yet different, tasks to the domain-specificapplication, while accounting for potential differences in the sample sizesacross both tasks. The resulting performance is demonstrated with actual usecases from a finance company and the film industry, where fewer than 400question-answer pairs had to be annotated in order to yield significantperformance gains. As a direct implication to management, this presents apromising path to better leveraging of knowledge stored in information systems.
Keep it Unreal: Bridging the Realism Gap for 2.5D Recognition with  Geometry Priors Only	2018	With the increasing availability of large databases of 3D CAD models,depth-based recognition methods can be trained on an uncountable number ofsynthetically rendered images. However, discrepancies with the real dataacquired from various depth sensors still noticeably impede progress. Previousworks adopted unsupervised approaches to generate more realistic depth data,but they all require real scans for training, even if unlabeled. This stillrepresents a strong requirement, especially when consideringreal-life/industrial settings where real training images are hard or impossibleto acquire, but texture-less 3D models are available. We thus propose a novelapproach leveraging only CAD models to bridge the realism gap. Purely trainedon synthetic data, playing against an extensive augmentation pipeline in anunsupervised manner, our generative adversarial network learns to effectivelysegment depth images and recover the clean synthetic-looking depth informationeven from partial occlusions. As our solution is not only fully decoupled fromthe real domains but also from the task-specific analytics, the pre-processedscans can be handed to any kind and number of recognition methods also trainedon synthetic data. Through various experiments, we demonstrate how thissimplifies their training and consistently enhances their performance, withresults on par with the same methods trained on real data, and better thanusual approaches doing the reverse mapping.
Circuit theory in projective space and homogeneous circuit models	2018	This paper presents a general framework for linear circuit analysis based onelementary aspects of projective geometry. We use a flexible approach in whichno a priori assignment of an electrical nature to the circuit branches isnecessary. Such an assignment is eventually done just by setting certain modelparameters, in a way which avoids the need for a distinction between voltageand current sources and, additionally, makes it possible to get rid of voltage-or current-control assumptions on the impedances. This paves the way for acompletely general $m$-dimensional reduction of any circuit defined by $m$two-terminal, uncoupled linear elements, contrary to most classical methodswhich at one step or another impose certain restrictions on the alloweddevices. The reduction has the form $$\begin{pmatrix} AP \\ BQ \end{pmatrix} u= \begin{pmatrix} AQ \\ -BP \end{pmatrix} \bar{s}.$$ Here, $A$ and $B$ capturethe graph topology, whereas $P$, $Q$, $\bar{s}$ comprise homogeneousdescriptions of all the circuit elements; the unknown $u$ is an $m$-dimensionalvector of (say) ``seed'' variables from which currents and voltages areobtained as $i=Pu -Q\bar{s}$, $v=Qu + P\bar{s}$. Computational implementationsare straightforward. These models allow for a general characterization ofnon-degenerate configurations in terms of the multihomogeneous Kirchhoffpolynomial, and in this direction we present some results of independentinterest involving the matrix-tree theorem. Our approach can be easily combinedwith classical methods by using homogeneous descriptions only for certainbranches, yielding partially homogeneous models. We also indicate how toaccommodate controlled sources and coupled devices in the homogeneousframework. Several examples illustrate the results.
Energy-based Stabilization of Network Flows in Multi-machine Power  Systems	2018	This paper considers the network flow stabilization problem in power systemsand adopts an output regulation viewpoint. Building upon the structure of aheterogeneous port-Hamiltonian model, we integrate network aspects and developa systematic control design procedure. First, the passive output is selected toencode two objectives: consensus in angular velocity and constant excitationcurrent. Second, the non-Euclidean nature of the angle variable reveals thegeometry of a suitable target set, which is compact and attractive for the zerodynamics. On this set, circuit-theoretic aspects come into play, giving rise toa network potential function which relates the electrical circuit variables tothe machine rotor angles. As it turns out, this energy function is convex inthe edge variables, concave in the node variables and, most importantly, can beoptimized via an intrinsic gradient flow, with its global minimum correspondingto angle synchronization. The third step consists of explicitly deriving thesteady-state-inducing control action by further refining this sequence ofcontrol-invariant sets. Analogously to solving the so called regulatorequations, we obtain an impedance-based network flow map leading to novel errorcoordinates and a shifted energy function. The final step amounts to decouplingthe rotor current dynamics via feedback-linearziation resulting in a cascadewhich is used to construct an energy-based controller hierarchically.
Mining within-trial oscillatory brain dynamics to address the  variability of optimized spatial filters	2018	Data-driven spatial filtering algorithms optimize scores such as the contrastbetween two conditions to extract oscillatory brain signal components. Mostmachine learning approaches for filter estimation, however, disregardwithin-trial temporal dynamics and are extremely sensitive to changes intraining data and involved hyperparameters. This leads to highly variablesolutions and impedes the selection of a suitable candidate for,e.g.,~neurotechnological applications. Fostering component introspection, wepropose to embrace this variability by condensing the functional signatures ofa large set of oscillatory components into homogeneous clusters, eachrepresenting specific within-trial envelope dynamics.  The proposed method is exemplified by and evaluated on a complex hand forcetask with a rich within-trial structure. Based on electroencephalography dataof 18 healthy subjects, we found that the components' distinct temporalenvelope dynamics are highly subject-specific. On average, we obtained sevenclusters per subject, which were strictly confined regarding their underlyingfrequency bands. As the analysis method is not limited to a specific spatialfiltering algorithm, it could be utilized for a wide range ofneurotechnological applications, e.g., to select and monitor functionallyrelevant features for brain-computer interface protocols in strokerehabilitation.
Estimation and Tracking of AP-diameter of the Inferior Vena Cava in  Ultrasound Images Using a Novel Active Circle Algorithm	2018	Medical research suggests that the anterior-posterior (AP)-diameter of theinferior vena cava (IVC) and its associated temporal variation as imaged bybedside ultrasound is useful in guiding fluid resuscitation of thecritically-ill patient. Unfortunately, indistinct edges and gaps in vesselwalls are frequently present which impede accurate estimation of the IVCAP-diameter for both human operators and segmentation algorithms. The majorityof research involving use of the IVC to guide fluid resuscitation involvesmanual measurement of the maximum and minimum AP-diameter as it varies overtime. This effort proposes using a time-varying circle fitted inside thetypically ellipsoid IVC as an efficient, consistent and novel approach totracking and approximating the AP-diameter even in the context of poor imagequality. In this active-circle algorithm, a novel evolution functional isproposed and shown to be a useful tool for ultrasound image processing. Theproposed algorithm is compared with an expert manual measurement, andstate-of-the-art relevant algorithms. It is shown that the algorithmoutperforms other techniques and performs very close to manual measurement.
Interferometric Imaging of Nonlocal Electromechanical Power Transduction  in Ferroelectric Domains	2018	The electrical generation and detection of elastic waves are the foundationfor acousto-electronic and acousto-optic systems. For surface-acoustic-wavedevices, micro-/nano-electromechanical systems, and phononic crystals,tailoring the spatial variation of material properties such as piezoelectricand elastic tensors may bring significant improvements to the systemperformance. Due to the much smaller speed of sound than speed of light insolids, it is desirable to study various electroacoustic behaviors at themesoscopic length scale. In this work, we demonstrate the interferometricimaging of electromechanical power transduction in ferroelectric lithiumniobate domain structures by microwave impedance microscopy. In sharp contrastto the traditional standing-wave patterns caused by the superposition ofcounter-propagating waves, the constructive and destructive fringes inmicrowave dissipation images exhibit an intriguing one-wavelength periodicity.We show that such unusual interference patterns, which are fundamentallydifferent from the acoustic displacement fields, stem from the nonlocalinteraction between electric fields and elastic waves. The results arecorroborated by numerical simulations taking into account the sign reversal ofpiezoelectric tensor in oppositely polarized domains. Our work paves new waysto probe nanoscale electroacoustic phenomena in complex structures bynear-field electromagnetic imaging.
A distributed electrical model for superconducting nanowire single  photon detectors	2018	To analyze the switching dynamics and output performance of a superconductingnanowire single photon detector (SNSPD), the nanowire is usually modelled as aninductor in series with a time-varying resistor induced by absorption of aphoton. Our recent experimental results show that, due to the effect of kineticinductance, for a SNSPD made of a nanowire of sufficient length, its geometrylength can be comparable to or even longer than the effective wavelength offrequencies contained in the output pulse. In other words, a superconductingnanowire can behave as a distributed transmission line so that the readoutpulse depends on the photon detection location and the transmission lineproperties of the nanowire. Here, we develop a distributed model for asuperconducting nanowire and apply it to simulate the output performance of along nanowire designed into a coplanar waveguide. We compare this coplanarwaveguide geometry to a conventional meander nanowire geometry. The simulationresults agree well with our experimental observations. With this distributedmodel, we discussed the importance of microwave design of a nanowire and howimpedance matching can affect the output pulse shape. We also discuss how thedistributed model affects the growth and decay of the photon-triggeredresistive hotspot.
Sensitive singular-phase optical detection without phase measurements  with Tamm plasmons	2018	Spectrally-tailored interactions of light with material interfaces offer manyexciting applications in sensing, photo-detection, and optical energyconversion. In particular, complete suppression of light reflectance at selectfrequencies accompanied by sharp phase variations in the reflected signal formsthe basis for the development of ultra-sensitive singular-phase opticaldetection schemes such as Brewster and surface plasmon interferometry. However,both the Brewster effect and surface-plasmon-mediated absorption on planarinterfaces are limited to one polarization of the incident light and obliqueexcitation angles, and may have limited bandwidth dictated by the materialdielectric index and plasma frequency. To alleviate these limitations, wedesign narrow-band super-absorbers composed of plasmonic materials embeddedinto dielectric photonic nanostructures with topologically-protectedinterfacial Tamm plasmon states. These structures have planar geometry and donot require nanopatterning to achieve perfect absorption of both polarizationsof the incident light in a wide range of incident angles, including the normalincidence. Their absorption lines are tunable across a very broad spectralrange via engineering of the photon bandstructure of the dielectric photonicnanostructures to achieve reversal of the geometrical phase across theinterface with the plasmonic absorber. We outline the design strategy toachieve perfect absorptance in Tamm structures with dissipative losses viaconjugate impedance matching. We further demonstrate via modeling how thesestructures can be engineered to support sharp asymmetric amplitude resonances,which can be used to improve the sensitivity of optical sensors in theamplitude-only detection scheme that does not require use of bulky andexpensive ellipsometry equipment.
Adaptation and Abstract Runtime Models	2018	Runtime adaptability is often a crucial requirement for today's complexsoftware systems. Several approaches use an architectural model as a runtimerepresentation of a managed system for monitoring, reasoning and performingadaptation. To ease the causal connection between a system and a model, thesemodels are often closely related to the implementation and at a rather lowlevel of abstraction. This makes them as complex as the implementation and itimpedes reusability and extensibility of autonomic managers. Moreover, themodels often do not cover different concerns, like security or performance, andtherefore they do not support several self-management capabilities at once. Inthis paper we propose a model-driven approach that provides multiplearchitectural runtime models at different levels of abstraction as a basis foradaptation. Each runtime model abstracts from the underlying system andplatform leveraging reusability and extensibility of managers that work onthese models. Moreover, each model focuses on a specific concern whichsimplifies the work of autonomic managers. The different models are maintainedautomatically at runtime using model-driven engineering techniques that alsoreduce development efforts. Our approach has been implemented for the broadlyadopted Enterprise Java Beans component standard and its application ispresented in a self-healing scenario requiring structural adaptation.
Physical descriptor for the Gibbs energy of inorganic crystalline solids  and temperature-dependent materials chemistry	2018	The Gibbs energy, G, determines the equilibrium conditions of chemicalreactions and materials stability. Despite this fundamental and ubiquitousrole, G has been tabulated for only a small fraction of known inorganiccompounds, impeding a comprehensive perspective on the effects of temperatureand composition on materials stability and synthesizability. Here, we use theSISSO (sure independence screening and sparsifying operator) approach toidentify a simple and accurate descriptor to predict G for stoichiometricinorganic compounds with ~50 meV/atom (~1 kcal/mol) resolution, and withminimal computational cost, for temperatures ranging from 300-1800 K. We thenapply this descriptor to ~30,000 known materials curated from the InorganicCrystal Structure Database (ICSD). Using the resulting predicted thermochemicaldata, we generate thousands of temperature-dependent phase diagrams to provideinsights into the effects of temperature and composition on materialssynthesizability and stability and to establish the temperature-dependent scaleof metastability for inorganic compounds.
Amplifier for scanning tunneling microscopy at MHz frequencies	2018	Conventional scanning tunneling microscopy (STM) is limited to a bandwidth ofcirca 1kHz around DC. Here, we develop, build and test a novel amplifiercircuit capable of measuring the tunneling current in the MHz regime whilesimultaneously performing conventional STM measurements. This is achieved withan amplifier circuit including a LC tank with a quality factor exceeding 600and a home-built, low-noise high electron mobility transistor (HEMT). Theamplifier circuit functions while simultaneously scanning with atomicresolution in the tunneling regime, i.e. at junction resistances in the rangeof giga-ohms, and down towards point contact spectroscopy. To enable highsignal-to-noise and meet all technical requirements for the inclusion in acommercial low temperature, ultra-high vacuum STM, we use superconductingcross-wound inductors and choose materials and circuit elements with low heatload. We demonstrate the high performance of the amplifier by spatially mappingthe Poissonian noise of tunneling electrons on an atomically clean Au(111)surface. We also show differential conductance spectroscopy measurements at3MHz, demonstrating superior performance over conventional spectroscopytechniques. Further, our technology could be used to perform impedance matchedspin resonance and distinguish Majorana modes from more conventional edgestates.
Infrastructure Quality Assessment in Africa using Satellite Imagery and  Deep Learning	2018	The UN Sustainable Development Goals allude to the importance ofinfrastructure quality in three of its seventeen goals. However, monitoringinfrastructure quality in developing regions remains prohibitively expensiveand impedes efforts to measure progress toward these goals. To this end, weinvestigate the use of widely available remote sensing data for the predictionof infrastructure quality in Africa. We train a convolutional neural network topredict ground truth labels from the Afrobarometer Round 6 survey using Landsat8 and Sentinel 1 satellite imagery.  Our best models predict infrastructure quality with AUROC scores of 0.881 onElectricity, 0.862 on Sewerage, 0.739 on Piped Water, and 0.786 on Roads usingLandsat 8. These performances are significantly better than models thatleverage OpenStreetMap or nighttime light intensity on the same tasks. We alsodemonstrate that our trained model can accurately make predictions in an unseencountry after fine-tuning on a small sample of images. Furthermore, the modelcan be deployed in regions with limited samples to predict infrastructureoutcomes with higher performance than nearest neighbor spatial interpolation.
Charge transport mechanism in networks of armchair graphene nanoribbons	2018	In graphene nanoribbons (GNRs), the lateral confinement of charge carriersopens a band gap, the key feature to enable novel graphene-based electronics.Successful synthesis of GNRs has triggered efforts to realize field-effecttransistors (FETs) based on single ribbons. Despite great progress, reliableand reproducible fabrication of single-ribbon FETs is still a challenge thatimpedes applications and the understanding of the charge transport. Here, wepresent reproducible fabrication of armchair GNR-FETs based on a network ofnanoribbons and analyze the charge transport mechanism using nine-atom wideand, in particular, five-atom-wide GNRs with unprecedented conductivity. Weshow formation of reliable Ohmic contacts and a yield of functional FETs closeto unity by lamination of GNRs on the electrodes. Modeling the charge carriertransport in the networks reveals that this process is governed by inter-ribbonhopping mediated by nuclear tunneling, with a hopping length comparable to thephysical length of the GNRs. Furthermore, we demonstrate that nuclear tunnelingis a general charge transport characteristic of the GNR networks by using twodifferent GNRs. Overcoming the challenge of low-yield single-ribbon transistorsby the networks and identifying the corresponding charge transport mechanismputs GNR-based electronics in a new perspective.
Clocking the Evolution of Post-Starburst Galaxies: Methods and First  Results	2018	"Detailed modeling of the recent star formation histories (SFHs) ofpost-starburst (or ""E+A"") galaxies is impeded by the degeneracy between thetime elapsed since the starburst ended (post-burst age), the fraction ofstellar mass produced in the burst (burst strength), and the burst duration. Toresolve this issue, we combine GALEX ultraviolet photometry, SDSS photometryand spectra, and new stellar population synthesis models to fit the SFHs of 532post-starburst galaxies. In addition to an old stellar population and a recentstarburst, 48% of the galaxies are best fit with a second recent burst. Lowerstellar mass galaxies (log M$_\star$/M$_\odot<10.5$) are more likely toexperience two recent bursts, and the fraction of their young stellar mass ismore strongly anti-correlated with their total stellar mass. Applying ourmethodology to other, younger post-starburst samples, we identify likelyprogenitors to our sample and examine the evolutionary trends of molecular gasand dust content with post-burst age. We discover a significant (4$\sigma$)decline, with a 117-230 Myr characteristic depletion time, in the molecular gasto stellar mass fraction with the post-burst age. The implied rapid gasdepletion rate of 2-150 M$_\odot$yr$^{-1}$ cannot be due to current starformation, given the upper limits on the current SFRs in these post-starbursts.Nor are stellar winds or SNe feedback likely to explain this decline. Instead,the decline points to the expulsion or destruction of molecular gas inoutflows, a possible smoking gun for AGN feedback."
Uniqueness in inverse scattering problems with phaseless far-field data  at a fixed frequency. II	2018	This paper is concerned with uniqueness in inverse acoustic scattering withphaseless far-field data at a fixed frequency. In our previous work ({\em SIAMJ. Appl. Math. \bf78} (2018), 1737-1753), by utilizing spectral properties ofthe far-field operator we proved for the first time that the obstacle and theindex of refraction of an inhomogeneous medium can be uniquely determined bythe phaseless far-field patterns generated by infinitely many sets ofsuperpositions of two plane waves with different directions at a fixedfrequency under the a priori assumption that the obstacle is known to be asound-soft or non-absorbing impedance obstacle and the index of refraction $n$of the inhomogeneous medium is real-valued and satisfies that either $n-1\gec_1$ or $n-1\le-c_1$ in the support of $n-1$ for some positive constant $c_1$.In this paper, we remove the a priori assumption on the obstacle and the indexof refraction of the inhomogeneous medium by adding a reference ball to thescattering system together with a simpler method of using Rellich's lemma andGreen's representation formula for the scattering solutions. Further, our newmethod is also used to prove uniqueness in determining a locally rough surfacefrom the phaseless far-field patterns corresponding to infinitely many sets ofsuperpositions of two plane waves with different directions as the incidentfields at a fixed frequency.
Pulsed Self-Oscillating Nonlinear Systems for Robust Wireless Power  Transfer	2018	While wired-power-transfer devices ensure robust power delivery even if thereceiver position or load impedance changes, achieving the robustness ofwireless power transfer (WPT) is challenging. Conventional solutions are basedon additional control circuits for dynamic tuning. Here, we propose a robustWPT system in which no additional tuning circuitry is required for robustoperation. This is achieved by our systematically designing the load and thecoupling link to be parts of the feedback circuit. Therefore, the WPT operationis automatically adjusted to the optimal working condition under a wide rangeof load and receiver positions. In addition, pulsed oscillations instead ofsingle-harmonic oscillation are adopted to increase the overall efficiency. Anexample system is designed with the use of a capacitive coupling link. Itrealizes a virtual, nearly-ideal oscillating voltage source at the load site,giving efficient power transfer comparable to that of the idealwired-connection scenario. We numerically and experimentally verify therobustness of the WPT system under the variations of load and coupling, wherecoupling is changing by our varying the alignment of aluminum plates. Theworking frequency and the transferred power agree well with analytical models.The proposed paradigm can have a significant impact on future high-performanceWPT devices. The designed system can also work as a smart table supportingmultiple receivers with robust and efficient operation.
Coexistence of weak and strong coupling with a quantum dot in a photonic  molecule	2018	We study the emission from a molecular photonic cavity formed by two proximalphotonic crystal defect cavities containing a small number (<3) of In(Ga)Asquantum dots. Under strong excitation we observe photoluminescence from thebonding and antibonding modes in excellent agreement with expectations fromnumerical simulations. Power dependent measurements reveal an unexpected peak,emerging at an energy between the bonding and antibonding modes of themolecule. Temperature dependent measurements show that this unexpected featureis photonic in origin. Time-resolved measurements show the emergent peakexhibits a lifetime $\tau_M=0.75 \, \pm 0.1 \, ns $, similar to both bondingand antibonding coupled modes. Comparison of experimental results withtheoretical expectations reveal that this new feature arises from a coexistenceof weak- and strong-coupling, due to the molecule emitting in an environmentwhose configuration permits or, on the contrary, impedes its strong-coupling.This scenario is reproduced theoretically for our particular geometry with amaster equation reduced to the key ingredients of its dynamics. Excellentqualitative agreement is obtained between experiment and theory, showing howsolid-state cavity QED can reveal new regimes of light-matter interaction.
Statistical mechanics of an elastically pinned membrane: Equilibrium  dynamics and power spectrum	2018	In biological settings membranes typically interact locally with othermembranes or the extracellular matrix in the exterior, as well as with internalcellular structures such as the cytoskeleton. Characterization of the dynamicproperties of such interactions presents a difficult task. Significant progresshas been achieved through simulations and experiments, yet analytical progressin modelling pinned membranes has been impeded by the complexity of governingequations. Here we circumvent these difficulties by calculating analyticallythe time-dependent Green's function of the operator governing the dynamics ofan elastically pinned membrane in a hydrodynamic surrounding and subject toexternal forces. This enables us to calculate the equilibrium power spectraldensity for an overdamped membrane pinned by an elastic, permanently-attachedspring subject to thermal excitations. By considering the effects of the finiteexperimental resolution on the measured spectra, we show that the elasticity ofthe pinning can be extracted from the experimentally measured spectrum.Membrane fluctuations can thus be used as a tool to probe mechanical propertiesof the underlying structures. Such a tool may be particularly relevant in thecontext of cell mechanics, where the elasticity of the membrane's attachment tothe cytoskeleton could be measured.
Self-healing high-dimensional quantum key distribution using hybrid  spin-orbit Bessel states	2018	Using spatial modes for quantum key distribution (QKD) has become highlytopical due to their infinite dimensionality, promising high informationcapacity per photon. However, spatial distortions reduce the feasible secretkey rates and compromise the security of a quantum channel. In an extreme formsuch a distortion might be a physical obstacle, impeding line-of-sight forfree-space channels. Here, by controlling the radial degree of freedom of aphoton's spatial mode, we are able to demonstrate hybrid high-dimensional QKDthrough obstacles with self-reconstructing single photons. We constructhigh-dimensional mutually unbiased bases using spin-orbit hybrid states thatare radially modulated with a non-diffracting Bessel-Gaussian (BG) profile, andshow secure transmission through partially obstructed quantum links. Using aprepare-measure protocol we report higher quantum state self-reconstruction andinformation retention for the non-diffracting BG modes as compared toLaguerre-Gaussian modes, obtaining a quantum bit error rate (QBER) that is upto 3 times lower. This work highlights the importance of controlling the radialmode of single photons in quantum information processing and communication aswell as the advantages of QKD with hybrid states.
A 28/37/39GHz Multiband Linear Doherty Power Amplifier in Silicon for 5G  Applications	2018	"This paper presents the first multiband mm-wave linear Doherty PA in siliconfor broadband 5G applications. We introduce a new transformer-based on-chipDoherty power combiner, which can reduce the impedance transformation ratio inpower back-off (PBO) and thus improve the bandwidth and power-combiningefficiency. We also devise a ""driver-PA co-design"" method, which createspower-dependent uneven feeding in the Doherty PA and enhances the Dohertyoperation without any hardware overhead or bandwidth compromise. For the proofof concept, we implement a 28/37/39-GHz PA fully integrated in a standard130-nm SiGe BiCMOS process, which occupies 1.8mm2. The PA achieves a 52% -3-dBsmall-signal S21 bandwidth and a 40% -1-dB large-signal saturated output power(Psat) bandwidth. At 28/37/39GHz, the PA achieves +16.8/+17.1/+17-dBm Psat,+15.2/+15.5/+15.4-dBm P1dB, and superior 1.72/1.92/1.62 times efficiencyenhancement over class-B operation at 5.9/6/6.7-dB PBO. Moreover, the PAdemonstrates multi-Gb/s data rates with excellent efficiency and linearity for64QAM in all the three 5G bands. This PA advances the state of the art forDoherty, wideband, and 5G silicon PAs in mm-wave bands. It supports drop-inupgrade for current PAs in existing mm-wave systems and opens doors to compactsystem solutions for future multiband 5G massive MIMO and phased-arrayplatforms."
Influence of particle size and agglomeration in solid oxide fuel cell  cathodes using manganite nanoparticles	2018	In this work we studied the influence of particle size and agglomeration inthe performance of solid oxide fuel cell cathodes made with nanoparticles ofLa0.8Sr0.2MnO3. We followed two synthesis routes based on the Liquid Mixmethod. In both procedures we introduced additional reagents in order toseparated the manganite particles. We evaluated cathodic performance byElectrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy in symmetrical(CATHODE/ELECTROLYTE/CATHODE) cells. Particle size was tuned by the temperatureused for cathode sintering. Our results show that deagglomeration of theparticles, serves to improve the cathodes performance. However, the dependenceof the performance with the size of the particles is not clear, as differenttrends were obtained for each synthesis route. As a common feature, thecathodes with the lowest area specific resistance are the ones sintered at thelargest temperature. This result indicates that an additional factor relatedwith the quality of the cathode/electrolyte sintering, is superimposed with theinfluence of particle size, however further work is needed to clarify thisissue. The enhancement obtained by deagglomeration suggest that the use of thiskind of methods deserved to be considered to develop high performanceelectrodes for solid oxide fuel cells.
Automated Phenotyping of Epicuticular Waxes of Grapevine Berries Using  Light Separation and Convolutional Neural Networks	2018	In viticulture the epicuticular wax as the outer layer of the berry skin isknown as trait which is correlated to resilience towards Botrytis bunch rot.Traditionally this trait is classified using the OIV descriptor 227 (berrybloom) in a time consuming way resulting in subjective and error-pronephenotypic data. In the present study an objective, fast and sensor-basedapproach was developed to monitor berry bloom. From the technicalpoint-of-view, it is known that the measurement of different illuminationcomponents conveys important information about observed object surfaces. AMobile Light-Separation-Lab is proposed in order to captureillumination-separated images of grapevine berries for phenotyping thedistribution of epicuticular waxes (berry bloom). For image analysis, anefficient convolutional neural network approach is used to derive theuniformity and intactness of waxes on berries. Method validation over sixgrapevine cultivars shows accuracies up to $97.3$%. In addition, electricalimpedance of the cuticle and its epicuticular waxes (described as an indicatorfor the thickness of berry skin and its permeability) was correlated to thedetected proportion of waxes with $r=0.76$. This novel, fast and non-invasivephenotyping approach facilitates enlarged screenings within grapevine breedingmaterial and genetic repositories regarding berry bloom characteristics and itsimpact on resilience towards Botrytis bunch rot.
Advanced ACTPol TES Device Parameters and Noise Performance in Fielded  Arrays	2018	The Advanced ACTPol (AdvACT) upgrade to the Atacama Cosmology Telescope (ACT)features arrays of aluminum manganese transition-edge sensors (TESes) optimizedfor ground-based observations of the Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB). Arraytesting shows highly responsive detectors with anticipated in-band noiseperformance under optical loading. We report on TES parameters measured withimpedance data taken on a subset of TESes. We then compare modeled noisespectral densities to measurements. We find excess noise at frequencies around100 Hz, nearly outside of the signal band of CMB measurements. In addition, wedescribe full-array noise measurements in the laboratory and in the field fortwo new AdvACT mid-frequency arrays, sensitive at bands centered on 90 and 150GHz, and data for the high-frequency array (150/230 GHz) as deployed.
Imaging Quantum Spin Hall Edges in Monolayer WTe2	2018	A two-dimensional (2D) topological insulator (TI) exhibits the quantum spinHall (QSH) effect, in which topologically protected spin-polarized conductingchannels exist at the sample edges. Experimental signatures of the QSH effecthave recently been reported for the first time in an atomically thin material,monolayer WTe2. Electrical transport measurements on exfoliated samples andscanning tunneling spectroscopy on epitaxially grown monolayer islands signalthe existence of edge modes with conductance approaching the quantized value.Here, we directly image the local conductivity of monolayer WTe2 devices usingmicrowave impedance microscopy, establishing beyond doubt that conduction isindeed strongly localized to the physical edges at temperatures up to 77 K andabove. The edge conductivity shows no gap as a function of gate voltage, rulingout trivial conduction due to band bending or in-gap states, and is suppressedby magnetic field as expected. Interestingly, we observe additional conductinglines and rings within most samples which can be explained by edge statesfollowing boundaries between topologically trivial and non-trivial regions.These observations will be critical for interpreting and improving theproperties of devices incorporating WTe2 or other air-sensitive 2D materials.At the same time, they reveal the robustness of the QSH channels and thepotential to engineer and pattern them by chemical or mechanical means in themonolayer material platform.
Effects of neutrino mass and asymmetry on cosmological structure  formation	2018	Light but massive cosmological neutrinos do not cluster significantly onsmall scales, due to their high thermal velocities. With finite masses,cosmological neutrinos become part of the total matter field and contribute toits smoothing. Structure formation in the presence of massive neutrinos istherefore impeded compared to that in the standard $\Lambda$CDM cosmology withmassless neutrinos. Neutrinos' masses also distort the anisotropy powerspectrum of cosmic microwave background (CMB). Furthermore, a finite chemicalpotential $\mu$ for cosmological neutrinos, still allowed by current data,would have a non-negligible impact on CMB and structure formation. Weconsistently evaluate effects of neutrino masses and chemical potentials on thematter power spectrum by use of a neutrino-involved N-body simulation, withcosmological parameters obtained from a Markov-Chian Moonte-Carlo (MCMC)refitting of CMB data. Our results show that while a finite averaged neutrinomass $m_\nu$ tends to suppress the matter power spectrum in a range of wavenumbers, the neutrino degeneracy parameters ${\xi_i \equiv \mu_i /T}$ ($i=$1,2, 3) enhance the latter, leading to a large parameter degeneracy between$m_\nu$ and $\xi_i$. We provide an empirical formula for the effects on thematter power spectrum in a selected range of wave numbers induced by $m_\nu$and $\eta \equiv \sqrt{\sum_i \xi^2_i}$. Observing a strong correlation between$m_\nu$ and $\eta$, we propose a single redshift-independent parameter $m_\nu -\frac{4}{3}\eta^2$ to characterize the neutrino effects on the matter powerspectrum.
Intrusion Prediction with System-call Sequence-to-Sequence Model	2018	The advanced development of the Internet facilitates efficient informationexchange while also been exploited by adversaries. Intrusion detection system(IDS) as an important defense component of network security has always beenwidely studied in security research. However, research on intrusion prediction,which is more critical for network security, is received less attention. Weargue that the advanced anticipation and timely impede of invasion is morevital than simple alarms in security defenses. General research methodsregarding prediction are analyzing short term of system-calls to predictforthcoming abnormal behaviors. In this paper we take advantages of theremarkable performance of recurrent neural networks (RNNs) in dealing with longsequential problem, introducing the sequence-to-sequence model into ourintrusion prediction work. By semantic modeling system-calls we build a robustsystem-call sequence-to-sequence prediction model. With taking the system-calltraces invoked during the program running as known prerequisite, our modelpredicts sequence of system-calls that is most likely to be executed in a nearfuture period of time that enabled the ability of monitoring system status andprophesying the intrusion behaviors. Our experiments show that the predictmethod proposed in this paper achieved well prediction performance on ADFALDintrusion detection test data set. Moreover, the predicted sequence, combinedwith the known invoked traces of system, significantly improves the performanceof intrusion detection verified on various classifiers.
Underlying burning resistant mechanisms for titanium alloy	2018	"The ""titanium fire"" as produced during high pressure and friction is themajor failure scenario for aero-engines. To alleviate this issue, Ti-V-Cr andTi-Cu-Al series burn resistant titanium alloys have been developed. However,which burn resistant alloy exhibit better property with reasonable cost needsto be evaluated. This work unveils the burning mechanisms of these alloys anddiscusses whether burn resistance of Cr and V can be replaced by Cu, on whichthorough exploration is lacking. Two representative burn resistant alloys areconsidered, including Ti14(Ti-13Cu-1Al-0.2Si) andTi40(Ti-25V-15Cr-0.2Si)alloys. Compared with the commercial non-burn resistanttitanium alloy, i.e., TC4(Ti-6Al-4V)alloy, it has been found that both Ti14 andTi40 alloys form ""protective"" shields during the burning process. Specifically,for Ti14 alloy, a clear Cu-rich layer is formed at the interface betweenburning product zone and heat affected zone, which consumes oxygen by producingCu-O compounds and impedes the reaction with Ti-matrix. This work hasestablished a fundamental understanding of burning resistant mechanisms fortitanium alloys. Importantly, it is found that Cu could endow titanium alloyswith similar burn resistant capability as that of V or Cr, which opens acost-effective avenue to design burn resistant titanium alloys."
Ion velocity and electron temperature inside and around the diamagnetic  cavity of comet 67P	2018	A major point of interest in cometary plasma physics has been the diamagneticcavity, an unmagnetized region in the inner-most part of the coma. Here, wecombine Langmuir and Mutual Impedance Probe measurements to investigate ionvelocities and electron temperatures in the diamagnetic cavity of comet 67P,probed by the Rosetta spacecraft. We find ion velocities generally in the range2-4 km/s, significantly above the expected neutral velocity $\lesssim$1~km/s,showing that the ions are (partially) decoupled from the neutrals, indicatingthat ion-neutral drag was not responsible for balancing the outside magneticpressure. Observations of clear wake effects on one of the Langmuir probesshowed that the ion flow was close to radial and supersonic, at least w.r.t.the perpendicular temperature, inside the cavity and possibly in thesurrounding region as well. We observed spacecraft potentials $\lesssim$-5~Vthroughout the cavity, showing that a population of warm ($\sim$5~eV) electronswas present throughout the parts of the cavity reached by Rosetta. Also, apopulation of cold ($\lesssim0.1$~eV) electrons was consistently observedthroughout the cavity, but less consistently in the surrounding region,suggesting that while Rosetta never entered a region of collisionally coupledelectrons, such a region was possibly not far away during the cavity crossings.
Planet formation inside proto-giants: First 3D simulations	2018	"Numerical simulations of pebble dynamics inside gas clumps formed bygravitational instability of protoplanetary discs are presented. We find thatdust-mediated Rayleigh-Taylor instabilities transport pebbles inward rapidlyvia dense metal-rich ""fingers"". This speeds up sedimentation of small pebblesby up to two orders of magnitude and yet does not impede grain growth becausegrains of all sizes sediment at the same collective speed as long as Stokesnumber is less than unity. In simulations with a fixed pebble size, solidplanetary cores form if pebble size exceeds a few cm. Pebble growth leads tocore formation in some hundreds of years even when pebbles injected into clumpsare of mm or smaller sizes. Properties of the gas clump dictate what kind ofcores can be made. Low central temperature clumps allow formation of solidcores out of refractory materials, whereas in the highest temperature clumpspebbles of any composition are vaporised and make fuzzy cores only. Theseresults confirm that gravitational instability of protoplanetary discs is arobust mechanism of hatching cores from sub-Earth to Neptune mass, as well asgas giants with massive cores, solid or fuzzy. This mode of planet formation isespecially promising for environs too young and distant (such as theALMA-observed HL Tau disc) or too violent (such as circum-binary planets) toform via the Core Accretion scenarios."
Inter-IC for Wearables (I2We): Power and Data Transfer over Double-sided  Conductive Textile	2018	We propose a power and data transfer network on a conductive fabric materialbased on an existing serial communication protocol, Inter-Integrated Circuit(I2C). We call the proposed network Inter-IC for Wearables (I2We). Continuousdc power and I2C-formatted data are simultaneously transferred to tiny sensornodes distributed on a double-sided conductive textile. The textile has twoconductive sides isolated from each other and is used as a single planartransmission line. I2C data are transferred along with dc power supply based onfrequency division multiplexing (FDM). Two carriers are modulated with theclock (SCL) and the data (SDA) signals of I2C. A modulation and demodulationcircuit is designed to enable using off-the-shelf I2C-interfaced sensor ICs.One significant originality of this work is that a special filter to enablepassive modulation is designed by locating its impedance poles and zeros atappropriate frequencies. The proposed scheme enables flexible implementation ofwearable sensor systems in which multiple off-the-shelf tiny sensors aredistributed all over a wear.
Learning from Demonstration for Hydraulic Manipulators	2018	This paper presents, for the first time, a method for learning in-contacttasks from a teleoperated demonstration with a hydraulic manipulator. Due tothe use of extremely powerful hydraulic manipulator, a force-reflectedbilateral teleoperation is the most reasonable method of giving a humandemonstration. An advanced subsystem-dynamic-based control design framework,virtual decomposition control (VDC), is used to design a stability-guaranteedcontroller for the teleoperation system, while taking into account the fullnonlinear dynamics of the master and slave manipulators. The use of fragileforce/ torque sensor at the tip of the hydraulic slave manipulator is avoidedby estimating the contact forces from the manipulator actuators' chamberpressures. In the proposed learning method, it is observed that asurface-sliding tool has a friction-dependent range of directions (between theactual direction of motion and the contact force) from which the manipulatorcan apply force to produce the sliding motion. By this intuition, anintersection of these ranges can be taken over a motion to robustly find adesired direction for the motion from one or more demonstrations. The compliantaxes required to reproduce the motion can be found by assuming that all motionsoutside the desired direction is caused by the environment, signalling the needfor compliance. Finally, the learning method is incorporated to a novelVDC-based impedance control method to learn compliant behaviour fromteleoperated human demonstrations. Experiments with 2-DOF hydraulic manipulatorwith a 475kg payload demonstrate the suitability and effectiveness of theproposed method to perform learning from demonstration (LfD) with heavy-dutyhydraulic manipulators.
Power Flow Analysis Using Graph based Combination of Iterative Methods  and Vertex Contraction Approach	2018	Compared with relational database (RDB), graph database (GDB) is a moreintuitive expression of the real world. Each node in the GDB is a both storageand logic unit. Since it is connected to its neighboring nodes through edges,and its neighboring information could be easily obtained in one-step graphtraversal. It is able to conduct local computation independently and all nodescan do their local work in parallel. Then the whole system can be maximallyanalyzed and assessed in parallel to largely improve the computationperformance without sacrificing the precision of final results. This paperfirstly introduces graph database, power system graph modeling and potentialgraph computing applications in power systems. Two iterative methods based ongraph database and PageRank are presented and their convergence are discussed.Vertex contraction is proposed to improve the performance by eliminatingzero-impedance branch. A combination of the two iterative methods is proposedto make use of their advantages. Testing results based on a provincial 1425-bussystem demonstrate that the proposed comprehensive approach is a good candidatefor power flow analysis.
Gate-based single-shot readout of spins in silicon	2018	Electron spins in silicon quantum dots provide a promising route towardsrealising the large number of coupled qubits required for a useful quantumprocessor. At present, the requisite single-shot spin qubit measurements areperformed using on-chip charge sensors, capacitively coupled to the quantumdots. However, as the number of qubits is increased, this approach becomesimpractical due to the footprint and complexity of the charge sensors, combinedwith the required proximity to the quantum dots. Alternatively, the spin statecan be measured directly by detecting the complex impedance of spin-dependentelectron tunnelling between quantum dots. This can be achieved usingradio-frequency reflectometry on a single gate electrode defining the quantumdot itself, significantly reducing gate count and architectural complexity, butthus far it has not been possible to achieve single-shot spin readout usingthis technique. Here, we detect single electron tunnelling in a double quantumdot and demonstrate that gate-based sensing can be used to read out theelectron spin state in a single shot, with an average readout fidelity of 73%.The result demonstrates a key step towards the readout of many spin qubits inparallel, using a compact gate design that will be needed for a large-scalesemiconductor quantum processor.
Circuit Quantum Simulation of a Tomonaga-Luttinger Liquid with an  Impurity	2018	The Tomonaga-Luttinger liquid (TLL) concept is believed to genericallydescribe the strongly-correlated physics of one-dimensional systems at lowtemperatures. A hallmark signature in 1D conductors is the quantum phasetransition between metallic and insulating states induced by a single impurity.However, this transition impedes experimental explorations of real-world TLLs.Furthermore, its theoretical treatment, explaining the universal energyrescaling of the conductance at low temperatures, has so far been achievedexactly only for specific interaction strengths. Quantum simulation can providea powerful workaround. Here, a hybrid metal-semiconductor dissipative quantumcircuit is shown to implement the analogue of a TLL of adjustable electronicinteractions comprising a single, fully tunable scattering impurity.Measurements reveal the renormalization group `beta-function' for theconductance that completely determines the TLL universal crossover to aninsulating state upon cooling. Moreover, the characteristic scaling energylocating at a given temperature the position within this conductancerenormalization flow is established over nine decades versus circuitparameters, and the out-of-equilibrium regime is explored. With the quantumsimulator quality demonstrated from the precise parameter-free validation ofexisting and novel TLL predictions, quantum simulation is achieved in a strongsense, by elucidating interaction regimes which resist theoretical solutions.
Efficient Uncertainty Evaluation of Vector Network Analyser Measurements  Using Two-Tier Bayesian Analysis and Monte Carlo Method	2018	Antennas are a key element in any communication system and vector networkanalyser (VNA) is popular tool for charactering antenna impedance bandwidth. Inthis paper, an efficient uncertainty evaluation method is proposed for VNAmeasurement based on its uncertainty propagation mechanism using Bayesiananalysis and Monte Carlo method. The proposed method is generic and can beapplied to VNA with arbitrary number of ports. In order to obtain the completeinformation of measurement uncertainty distribution, a two-tier Bayesiananalytic process is carried out. The proposed method contains three steps. Inthe first step, the posterior distribution of each uncertainty source of VNAcalibrations is deduced by the use of prior and current sample informationthrough the first-tier Bayesian analysis. In the second step, the obtainedposterior distributions of uncertainty sources are taken into the Monte Carlosimulation of one-port VNA measurement uncertainties. In the last step, theresults obtained in the second step are used as the prior distribution of thesecondary Bayesian evaluation, then the evaluation results of the measurementuncertainty can be obtained with the means, variances and skewness of theprobabilistic distribution. The numerical analysis using an antenna measurementresults demonstrate the high-efficiency and reliability of this proposedmethod.
A Unified Framework for the Teleoperation of Surgical Robots in  Constrained Workspaces	2018	In adult laparoscopy, robot-aided surgery is a reality in thousands ofoperating rooms worldwide, owing to the increased dexterity provided by therobotic tools. Many robots and robot control techniques have been developed toaid in more challenging scenarios, such as pediatric surgery and microsurgery.However, the prevalence of case-specific solutions, particularly those focusedon non-redundant robots, reduces the reproducibility of the initial results inmore challenging scenarios. In this paper, we propose a general framework forthe control of surgical robotics in constrained workspaces under teleoperation,regardless of the robot geometry. Our technique is divided into a slave-sideconstrained optimization algorithm, which provides virtual fixtures, and withCartesian impedance on the master side to provide force feedback. Experimentswith two robotic systems, one redundant and one non-redundant, show that smoothteleoperation can be achieved in adult laparoscopy and infant surgery.
Morpho-elastic model of the tortuous tumour vessels	2018	Solid tumours have the ability to assemble their own vascular network foroptimizing their access to the vital nutrients. These new capillaries aremorphologically different from normal physiological vessels. In particular,they have a much higher spatial tortuosity forcing an impaired flow within theperitumoral area. This is a major obstacle for the efficient delivery ofantitumoral drugs. This work proposes a morpho-elastic model of the tumourvessels. A tumour capillary is considered as a growing hyperelastic tube thatis spatially constrained by a linear elastic environment, representing theinterstitial matter. We assume that the capillary is an incompressibleneo-Hookean material, whose growth is modeled using a multiplicativedecomposition of the deformation gradient. We study the morphological stabilityof the capillary by means of the method of incremental deformations superposedon finite strains, solving the corresponding incremental problem using theStroh formulation and the impedance matrix method. The incompatible axialgrowth of the straight capillary is found to control the onset of a bifurcationtowards a tortuous shape. The post-buckling morphology is studied using a mixedfinite element formulation in the fully nonlinear regime. The proposed modelhighlights how the geometrical and the elastic properties of the capillary andthe surrounding medium concur to trigger the loss of marginal stability of thestraight capillary and the nonlinear development of its spatial tortuosity.
Non-Iterative Characteristics Analysis for High-Pressure Ramp Loading	2018	In the canonical ramp compression experiment, a smoothly-increasing load isapplied to the surface of the sample, and the particle velocity history ismeasured at two or more different distances into the sample, at interfaceswhere the surface of the sample can be probed. The velocity histories are usedto deduce a stress-density relation, usually using iterative Lagrangiananalysis to account for the perturbing effect of the impedance mismatch at theinterface. In that technique, a stress- density relation is assumed in order tocorrect for the perturbation, and is adjusted until it becomes consistent withthe deduced stress-density relation. This process is subject to the usualdifficulties of nonlinear optimization, such as the existence of local minima(sensitivity to the initial guess), possible failure to converge, andrelatively large computational effort. We show that, by considering theinteraction of successive characteristics reaching the interfaces, thestress-density relation can be deduced directly by recursion rather thaniteration. This calculation is orders of magnitude faster than iterativeanalysis, and does not require an initial guess. Direct recursion may be lesssuitable for very noisy data, but it was robust when applied to trial data. Thestress-density relation deduced was identical to the result from iterativeLagrangian analysis.
Finite bending and pattern evolution of the associated instability for a  dielectric elastomer slab	2018	We investigate the finite bending and the associated bending instability ofan incompressible dielectric slab subject to a combination of applied voltageand axial compression, using nonlinear electro-elasticity theory and itsincremental version. We first study the static finite bending deformation ofthe slab. We then derive the three-dimensional equations for the onset ofsmall-amplitude wrinkles superimposed upon the finite bending. We use thesurface impedance matrix method to build a robust numerical procedure forsolving the resulting dispersion equations and determining the wrinkled shapeof the slab at the onset of buckling. Our analysis is valid for dielectricsmodeled by a general free energy function. We then present illustrativenumerical calculations for ideal neo-Hookean dielectrics. In that case, weprovide an explicit treatment of the boundary value problem of the finitebending and derive closed-form expressions for the stresses and electric fieldin the body. For the incremental deformations, we validate our analysis byrecovering existing results in more specialized contexts. We show that theapplied voltage has a destabilizing effect on the bending instability of theslab, while the effect of the axial load is more complex: when the voltage isapplied, changing the axial loading will influence the true electric field inthe body, and induce competitive effects between the circumferentialinstability due to the voltage and the axial instability due to the axialcompression. We even find circumstances where both instabilities cohabit tocreate two-dimensional patterns on the inner face of the bent sector.
Multi-objective shape optimization of radio frequency cavities using an  evolutionary algorithm	2018	Radio frequency (RF) cavities are commonly used to accelerate chargedparticle beams. The shape of the RF cavity determines the resonantelectromagnetic fields and frequencies, which need to satisfy a variety ofrequirements for a stable and efficient acceleration of the beam. For example,the accelerating frequency has to match a given target frequency, the shuntimpedance usually has to be maximized, and the interaction of higher ordermodes with the beam minimized. In this paper we formulate such problems asconstrained multi-objective shape optimization problems, use a massivelyparallel implementation of an evolutionary algorithm to find an approximationof the Pareto front, and employ a penalty method to deal with the constraint onthe accelerating frequency. Considering vacuated axisymmetric RF cavities, weparameterize and mesh their cross section and then solve time-harmonicMaxwell's equations with perfectly electrically conducting boundary conditionsusing a fast 2D Maxwell eigensolver. The specific problem we focus on is thehypothetical problem of optimizing the shape of the main RF cavity of theplanned upgrade of the Swiss Synchrotron Light Source (SLS), called SLS-2. Weconsider different objectives and geometry types and show the obtained results,i.e. the computed Pareto front approximations and the RF cavity shapes withdesired properties. Finally, we compare these newfound cavity shapes with thecurrent cavity of SLS.
Quasi-universality in single-cell sequencing data	2018	The development of single-cell technologies provides the opportunity toidentify new cellular states and reconstruct novel cell-to-cell relationships.Applications range from understanding the transcriptional and epigeneticprocesses involved in metazoan development to characterizing distinct cellstypes in heterogeneous populations like cancers or immune cells. However,analysis of the data is impeded by its unknown intrinsic biological andtechnical variability together with its sparseness; these factors complicatethe identification of true biological signals amidst artifact and noise. Herewe show that, across technologies, roughly 95% of the eigenvalues derived fromeach single-cell data set can be described by universal distributions predictedby Random Matrix Theory. Interestingly, 5% of the spectrum shows deviationsfrom these distributions and present a phenomenon known as eigenvectorlocalization, where information tightly concentrates in groups of cells. Someof the localized eigenvectors reflect underlying biological signal, and someare simply a consequence of the sparsity of single cell data; roughly 3% isartifactual. Based on the universal distributions and a technique for detectingsparsity induced localization, we present a strategy to identify the residual2% of directions that encode biological information and thereby denoisesingle-cell data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach bycomparing with standard single-cell data analysis techniques in a variety ofexamples with marked cell populations.
Multi-scale uncertainty quantification in geostatistical seismic  inversion	2018	Geostatistical seismic inversion is commonly used to infer the spatialdistribution of the subsurface petro-elastic properties by perturbing the modelparameter space through iterative stochastic sequentialsimulations/co-simulations. The spatial uncertainty of the inferredpetro-elastic properties is represented with the updated a posteriori variancefrom an ensemble of the simulated realizations. Within this setting, thelarge-scale geological (metaparameters) used to generate the petro-elasticrealizations, such as the spatial correlation model and the global a prioridistribution of the properties of interest, are assumed to be known andstationary for the entire inversion domain. This assumption leads tounderestimation of the uncertainty associated with the inverted models. Wepropose a practical framework to quantify uncertainty of the large-scalegeological parameters in seismic inversion. The framework couplesgeostatistical seismic inversion with a stochastic adaptive sampling andBayesian inference of the metaparameters to provide a more accurate andrealistic prediction of uncertainty not restricted by heavy assumptions onlarge-scale geological parameters. The proposed framework is illustrated withboth synthetic and real case studies. The results show the ability retrievemore reliable acoustic impedance models with a more adequate uncertainty spreadwhen compared with conventional geostatistical seismic inversion techniques.The proposed approach separately account for geological uncertainty atlarge-scale (metaparameters) and local scale (trace-by-trace inversion).
A Path to the Direct Detection of sub-GeV Dark Matter Using Calorimetric  Readout of a Superfluid $^4$He Target	2018	A promising technology concept for sub-GeV dark matter detection isdescribed, in which low-temperature microcalorimeters serve as the sensors andsuperfluid $^4$He serves as the target material. A superfluid helium target hasseveral advantageous properties, including a light nuclear mass for betterkinematic matching with light dark matter particles, copious production ofscintillation light, extremely good intrinsic radiopurity, a high impedance toexternal vibration noise, and a unique mechanism for observing phonon-likemodes via liberation of $^4$He atoms into a vacuum (`quantum evaporation'). Inthis concept, both scintillation photons and triplet excimers are detectedusing calorimeters, including calorimeters immersed in the superfluid. Kineticexcitations of the superfluid medium (rotons and phonons) are detected usingquantum evaporation and subsequent atomic adsorption onto a microcalorimetersuspended in vacuum above the target helium. The energy of adsorption amplifiesthe phonon/roton signal before calorimetric sensing, producing a gain mechanismthat can reduce the techonology's recoil energy threshold below the calorimeterenergy threshold. We describe signal production and signal sensingprobabilities, and estimate electron recoil discrimination. We then simulateradioactive backgrounds from gamma rays and neutrons. Dark matter - nucleonelastic scattering cross-section sensitivities are projected, demonstratingthat even very small (sub-kg) target masses can probe wide regions of as-yetuntested dark matter parameter space.
A low-disorder Metal-Oxide-Silicon double quantum dot	2018	One of the biggest challenges impeding the progress of Metal-Oxide-Silicon(MOS) quantum dot devices is the presence of disorder at the Si/SiO$_2$interface which interferes with controllably confining single and fewelectrons. In this work we have engineered a low-disorder MOS quantumdouble-dot device with critical electron densities, i.e. the lowest electrondensity required to support a conducting pathway, approaching critical electrondensities reported in high quality Si/SiGe devices and commensurate with thelowest critical densities reported in any MOS device. Utilizing a nearby chargesensor, we show that the device can be tuned to the single-electron regimewhere charging energies of $\approx$8 meV are measured in both dots, consistentwith the lithographic size of the dot. Probing a wide voltage range with ourquantum dots and charge sensor, we detect three distinct electron traps,corresponding to a defect density consistent with the ensemble measuredcritical density. Low frequency charge noise measurements at 300 mK indicate a1/$f$ noise spectrum of 3.4 $\mu$eV/Hz$^{1/2}$ at 1 Hz and magnetospectroscopymeasurements yield a valley splitting of 110$\pm$26 $\mu$eV. This workdemonstrates that reproducible MOS spin qubits are feasible and represents aplatform for scaling to larger qubit systems in MOS.
Gravitoturbulent dynamos in astrophysical discs	2018	The origin of large-scale and coherent magnetic fields in astrophysical discsis an important and long standing problem. Researchers commonly appeal to aturbulent dynamo, sustained by the magneto-rotational instability (MRI), tosupply the large-scale field. But research over the last decade in particularhas demonstrated that various non-ideal MHD effects can impede or extinguishthe MRI, especially in protoplanetary disks. In this paper we propose a newscenario, by which the magnetic field is generated and sustained via thegravitational instability (GI). We use 3D stratified shearing box simulationsto characterise the dynamo and find that it works at low magnetic Reynoldsnumber (from unity to ~100) for a wide range of cooling times and boundaryconditions. The process is kinematic, with a relatively fast growth rate ($<0.1 \Omega$), and it shares some properties of mean field dynamos. The magneticfield is generated via the combination of differential rotation and spiraldensity waves, the latter providing compressible horizontal motions andlarge-scale vertical rolls. At greater magnetic Reynolds numbers the build upof large-scale field is diminished and instead small-scale structures emergefrom the breakdown of twisted flux ropes. We propose that GI may be key to thedynamo engine not only in young protoplanetary discs but also in some AGN andgalaxies.
Intelligence Beyond the Edge: Inference on Intermittent Embedded Systems	2018	"Energy-harvesting technology provides a promising platform for future IoTapplications. However, since communication is very expensive in these devices,applications will require inference ""beyond the edge"" to avoid wasting preciousenergy on pointless communication. We show that application performance ishighly sensitive to inference accuracy. Unfortunately, accurate inferencerequires large amounts of computation and memory, and energy-harvesting systemsare severely resource-constrained. Moreover, energy-harvesting systems operateintermittently, suffering frequent power failures that corrupt results andimpede forward progress.  This paper overcomes these challenges to present the first full-scaledemonstration of DNN inference on an energy-harvesting system. We design andimplement SONIC, an intermittence-aware software system with specializedsupport for DNN inference. SONIC introduces loop continuation, a new techniquethat dramatically reduces the cost of guaranteeing correct intermittentexecution for loop-heavy code like DNN inference. To build a complete system,we further present GENESIS, a tool that automatically compresses networks tooptimally balance inference accuracy and energy, and TAILS, which exploits SIMDhardware available in some microcontrollers to improve energy efficiency. BothSONIC & TAILS guarantee correct intermittent execution without any hand-tuningor performance loss across different power systems. Across three neuralnetworks on a commercially available microcontroller, SONIC & TAILS reduceinference energy by 6.9x and 12.2x, respectively, over the state-of-the-art."
A convex integer programming approach for optimal sparse PCA	2018	Principal component analysis (PCA) is one of the most widely useddimensionality reduction tools in scientific data analysis. The PCA direction,given by the leading eigenvector of a covariance matrix, is a linearcombination of all features with nonzero loadings---this impedesinterpretability. Sparse principal component analysis (SPCA) is a frameworkthat enhances interpretability by incorporating an additional sparsityrequirement in the feature weights (factor loadings) while finding a directionthat explains the maximal variation in the data. However, unlike PCA, theoptimization problem associated with the SPCA problem is NP-hard. While manyheuristic algorithms based on variants of the power method are used to obtaingood solutions, they do not provide certificates of optimality on thesolution-quality via associated dual bounds. Dual bounds are available viastandard semidefinite programming (SDP) based relaxations, which may not betight and the SDPs are difficult to scale using off-the-shelf solvers. In thispaper, we present a convex integer programming (IP) framework to solve the SPCAproblem to near-optimality, with an emphasis on deriving associated dualbounds. We present worst-case results on the quality of the dual bound providedby the convex IP. We empirically observe that the dual bounds are significantlybetter than worst-case performance, and are superior to the SDP bounds on somereal-life instances. Moreover, solving the convex IP model using commercial IPsolvers appears to scale much better that solving the SDP-relaxation usingcommercial solvers. To the best of our knowledge, we obtain the best dualbounds for real and artificial instances for SPCA problems involving covariancematrices of size up to $2000\times 2000$.
Bridging the gap between nanowires and Josephson junctions: a  superconducting device based on controlled fluxon transfer across nanowires	2018	The basis for superconducting electronics can broadly be divided between twotechnologies: the Josephson junction and the superconducting nanowire. Whilethe Josephson junction (JJ) remains the dominant technology due to its highspeed and low power dissipation, recently proposed nanowire devices offerimprovements such as gain, high fanout, and compatibility with CMOS circuits.Despite these benefits, nanowire-based electronics have largely been limited tobinary operations, with devices switching between the superconducting state anda high-impedance resistive state dominated by uncontrolled hotspot dynamics.Unlike the JJ, they cannot increment an output through successive switching,and their operation speeds are limited by their slow thermal reset times. Thus,there is a need for an intermediate device with the interfacing capabilities ofa nanowire but a faster, moderated response allowing for modulation of theoutput. Here, we present a nanowire device based on controlled fluxontransport. We show that the device is capable of responding proportionally tothe strength of its input, unlike other nanowire technologies. The device canbe operated to produce a multilevel output with distinguishable states, whichcan be tuned by circuit parameters. Agreement between experimental results andelectrothermal circuit simulations demonstrates that the device is classicaland may be readily engineered for applications including use as a multilevelmemory.
A learning-based method for solving ill-posed nonlinear inverse  problems: a simulation study of Lung EIT	2018	This paper proposes a new approach for solving ill-posed nonlinear inverseproblems. For ease of explanation of the proposed approach, we use the exampleof lung electrical impedance tomography (EIT), which is known to be a nonlinearand ill-posed inverse problem. Conventionally, penalty-based regularizationmethods have been used to deal with the ill-posed problem. However, experiencesover the last three decades have shown methodological limitations in utilizingprior knowledge about tracking expected imaging features for medial diagnosis.The proposed method's paradigm is completely different from conventionalapproaches; the proposed reconstruction uses a variety of training data sets togenerate a low dimensional manifold of approximate solutions, which allows toconvert the ill-posed problem to a well-posed one. Variational autoencoder wasused to produce a compact and dense representation for lung EIT images with alow dimensional latent space. Then, we learn a robust connection between theEIT data and the low-dimensional latent data. Numerical simulations validatethe effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed approach.
Generating Multi-Scroll Chua's Attractors via Simplified  Piecewise-Linear Chua's Diode	2018	High implementation complexity of multi-scroll circuit is a bottleneckproblem in real chaos-based communication. Especially, in multi-scroll Chua'scircuit, the simplified implementation of piecewise-linear resistors withmultiple segments is difficult due to their intricate irregular breakpoints andslopes. To solve the challenge, this paper presents a systematic scheme forsynthesizing a Chua's diode with multi-segment piecewise-linearity, which isachieved by cascading even-numbered passive nonlinear resistors withodd-numbered ones via a negative impedance converter. The traditional voltagemode op-amps are used to implement nonlinear resistors. As no extra DC biasvoltage is employed, the scheme can be implemented by much simpler circuits.The voltage-current characteristics of the obtained Chua's diode are analyzedtheoretically and verified by numerical simulations. Using the Chua's diode anda second-order active Sallen-Key high-pass filter, a new inductor-free Chua'scircuit is then constructed to generate multi-scroll chaotic attractors.Different number of scrolls can be generated by changing the number of passivenonlinear resistor cells or adjusting two coupling parameters. Besides, thesystem can be scaled by using different power supplies, satisfying thelow-voltage low-power requirement of integrated circuit design. The circuitsimulations and hardware experiments both confirmed the feasibility of thedesigned system.
Dance Teaching by a Robot: Combining Cognitive and Physical Human-Robot  Interaction for Supporting the Skill Learning Process	2018	This letter presents a physical human-robot interaction scenario in which arobot guides and performs the role of a teacher within a defined dance trainingframework. A combined cognitive and physical feedback of performance isproposed for assisting the skill learning process. Direct contact cooperationhas been designed through an adaptive impedance-based controller that adjustsaccording to the partner's performance in the task. In measuring performance, ascoring system has been designed using the concept of progressive teaching(PT). The system adjusts the difficulty based on the user's number of practicesand performance history. Using the proposed method and a baseline constantcontroller, comparative experiments have shown that the PT presents betterperformance in the initial stage of skill learning. An analysis of thesubjects' perception of comfort, peace of mind, and robot performance haveshown a significant difference at the p < .01 level, favoring the PT algorithm.
Critical Fields of Nb$_3$Sn Prepared for Superconducting Cavities	2018	Nb$_3$Sn is currently the most promising material other than niobium forfuture superconducting radiofrequency cavities. Critical fields above 120 mT inpulsed operation and about 80 mT in CW have been achieved in cavity tests. Thisis large compared to the lower critical field as derived from the Londonpenetration depth, extracted from low field surface impedance measurements. Inthis paper direct measurements of the London penetration depth from which thelower critical field and the superheating field are derived are presented. Thefield of first vortex penetration is measured under DC and RF fields. Thecombined results confirm that Nb$_3$Sn cavities are indeed operated in ametastable state above the lower critical field but are currently limited to acritical field well below the superheating field.
Bi-Real Net: Binarizing Deep Network Towards Real-Network Performance	2018	In this paper, we study 1-bit convolutional neural networks (CNNs), of whichboth the weights and activations are binary. While efficient, the lacking ofrepresentational capability and the training difficulty impede 1-bit CNNs fromperforming as well as real-valued networks. We propose Bi-Real net with a noveltraining algorithm to tackle these two challenges. To enhance therepresentational capability, we propagate the real-valued activations generatedby each 1-bit convolution via a parameter-free shortcut. To address thetraining difficulty, we propose a training algorithm using a tighterapproximation to the derivative of the sign function, a magnitude-awaregradient for weight updating, a better initialization method, and a two-stepscheme for training a deep network. Experiments on ImageNet show that an18-layer Bi-Real net with the proposed training algorithm achieves 56.4% top-1classification accuracy, which is 10% higher than the state-of-the-arts (e.g.,XNOR-Net) with greater memory saving and lower computational cost. Bi-Real netis also the first to scale up 1-bit CNNs to an ultra-deep network with 152layers, and achieves 64.5% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet. A 50-layer Bi-Real netshows comparable performance to a real-valued network on the depth estimationtask with only a 0.3% accuracy gap.
Catch and Prolong: recurrent neural network for seeking track-candidates	2018	One of the most important problems of data processing in high energy andnuclear physics is the event reconstruction. Its main part is the trackreconstruction procedure which consists in looking for all tracks thatelementary particles leave when they pass through a detector among a hugenumber of points, so-called hits, produced when flying particles fire detectorcoordinate planes. Unfortunately, the tracking is seriously impeded by thefamous shortcoming of multiwired, strip and GEM detectors due to appearance inthem a lot of fake hits caused by extra spurious crossings of fired strips.Since the number of those fakes is several orders of magnitude greater than fortrue hits, one faces with the quite serious difficulty to unravel possibletrack-candidates via true hits ignoring fakes. We introduce a renewed methodthat is a significant improvement of our previous two-stage approach based onhit preprocessing using directed K-d tree search followed a deep neuralclassifier. We combine these two stages in one by applying recurrent neuralnetwork that simultaneously determines whether a set of points belongs to atrue track or not and predicts where to look for the next point of track on thenext coordinate plane of the detector. We show that proposed deep network ismore accurate, faster and does not require any special preprocessing stage.Preliminary results of our approach for simulated events of the BM@N GEMdetector are presented.
High Kinetic Inductance Microwave Resonators Made by He-Beam Assisted  Deposition of Tungsten Nanowires	2018	We evaluate the performance of hybrid microwave resonators made by combiningsputtered Nb thin films with Tungsten nanowires grown with a He-beam induceddeposition technique. Depending on growth conditions the nanowires have atypical width $w\in[35-75]$~nm and thickness $t\in[5-40]$~nm. We observe a highnormal state resistance $R_{sq}\in [65-150]$ $\Omega/sq$ which together with acritical temperature $T_c\in[4-6]~K$ ensure a high kinetic inductance makingthe resonator strongly nonlinear. Both lumped and coplanar waveguide resonatorswere fabricated and measured at low temperature exhibiting internal qualityfactors up to $3990$ at $4.5$~GHz in the few photon regime. Analyzing the wirelength, temperature and microwave power dependence we extracted a kineticinductance for the W nanowire of $L_K\approx15$ pH/sq, which is 250 timeshigher than the geometrical inductance, and a Kerr non-linearity as high as$K_{W,He}/2\pi=200 \pm 120$~Hz/photon at $4.5$~GHz. The nanowires made with thehelium focused ion beam are thus versatile objects to engineer compact, highimpedance, superconducting environments with a mask and resist free directwrite process.
Zeffiro user interface for electromagnetic brain imaging: a GPU  accelerated FEM tool for forward and inverse computations in Matlab	2018	This article introduces the Zeffiro interface (ZI) version 2.2 for brainimaging. ZI aims to provide a simple, accessible and multimodal open sourceplatform for finite element method (FEM) based and graphics processing unit(GPU) accelerated forward and inverse computations in the Matlab environment.It allows one to (1) generate a given multi-compartment head model, (2) toevaluate a lead field matrix as well as (3) to invert and analyze a given setof measurements. GPU acceleration is applied in each of the processing stages(1)-(3). In its current configuration, ZI includes forward solvers forelectro-/magnetoencephalography (EEG) and linearized electrical impedancetomography (EIT) as well as a set of inverse solvers based on the hierarchicalBayesian model (HBM). We report the results of EEG and EIT inversion testsperformed with real and synthetic data, respectively, and demonstratenumerically how the inversion parameters affect the EEG inversion outcome inHBM. The GPU acceleration was found to be essential in the generation of the FEmesh and the LF matrix in order to achieve a reasonable computing time. Thecode package can be extended in the future based on the directions given inthis article.
Root growth and force chains in a granular soil	2018	Roots provide basic functions to plants such as water/nutrient uptake andanchoring in soil. The growth and development of root systems contribute tocolonizing the surrounding soil and optimizing the access to resources. It isusually admitted that the variability of plant root architecture results fromthe combination of genetic, physiological and environmental factors, inparticular soil mechanical impedance. However this last factor has never beeninvestigated at the soil grain scale. In this paper, we are interested in theeffect of the disordered texture of granular soils on the evolution of externalforces experienced by root cap. We introduce a numerical model in which theroot is modeled as a flexible self-elongating tube that probes a soil composedof solid particles. By means of extensive simulations, we show that the forcesexerted on the root cap during its growth reflect interparticle force chains.Our extensive simulations also show that the mean force declines exponentiallywith root flexibility, the highest force corresponding to the soil hardness.Furthermore, we find that this functional dependence is characterized by asingle parameter that combines the granular structure and root bendingstiffness. This finding will be useful to further address the biological issuesof mechanosensing and thigmomorphogenesis in plant roots.
Effect of YIG Nanoparticle Size and Clustering in Proximity-Induced  Magnetism in Graphene/YIG Composite Probed with Magnetoimpedance Sensors:  Towards Improved Functionality, Sensitivity and Proximity Detection	2018	Proximity-induced magnetism (PIM) in graphene (Gr) adjacent to magneticspecimen has raised great fundamental interests. The subject is under debateand yet no application is proposed and granted. In this paper, towardaccomplishment of fundamental facts, we first explore the effect of particlesize and clustering in the PIM in Gr nanoplates (GNPs)/yttrium iron garnet(YIG) magnetic nanoparticle (MNP) composite. Microscopic analyzes suggest thatfine MNPs distributed uniformly on the GNPs have higher saturationmagnetization due to the PIM in Gr. We propose that such magnetic plates canthus be used to shield the stray field generated on the surface of magneticsensors and play a role as a magnetic lens to prevent the field emanatingoutside the body of magnetic specimen. The GNPs/YIG composites are coated on amagnetic ribbon and proposed for application in magneto-impedance (MI) sensors.We show that such planar magnetic flakes enhance the MI response against theexternal applied magnetic field significantly. The suggested application can befurthermore developed toward bio-sensing and magnetic shielding in differentmagnetic sensors and devices.
On the Computational Inefficiency of Large Batch Sizes for Stochastic  Gradient Descent	2018	Increasing the mini-batch size for stochastic gradient descent offerssignificant opportunities to reduce wall-clock training time, but there are avariety of theoretical and systems challenges that impede the widespreadsuccess of this technique. We investigate these issues, with an emphasis ontime to convergence and total computational cost, through an extensiveempirical analysis of network training across several architectures and problemdomains, including image classification, image segmentation, and languagemodeling. Although it is common practice to increase the batch size in order tofully exploit available computational resources, we find a substantially morenuanced picture. Our main finding is that across a wide range of networkarchitectures and problem domains, increasing the batch size beyond a certainpoint yields no decrease in wall-clock time to convergence for \emph{either}train or test loss. This batch size is usually substantially below the capacityof current systems. We show that popular training strategies for large batchsize optimization begin to fail before we can populate all available computeresources, and we show that the point at which these methods break down dependsmore on attributes like model architecture and data complexity than it doesdirectly on the size of the dataset.
The particle track reconstruction based on deep learning neural networks	2018	One of the most important problems of data processing in high energy andnuclear physics is the event reconstruction. Its main part is the trackreconstruction procedure which consists in looking for all tracks thatelementary particles leave when they pass through a detector among a hugenumber of points, so-called hits, produced when flying particles fire detectorcoordinate planes. Unfortunately, the tracking is seriously impeded by thefamous shortcoming of multiwired, strip in GEM detectors due to the appearancein them a lot of fake hits caused by extra spurious crossings of fired strips.Since the number of those fakes is several orders of magnitude greater than fortrue hits, one faces with the quite serious difficulty to unravel possibletrack-candidates via true hits ignoring fakes. On the basis of our previoustwo-stage approach based on hits preprocessing using directed K-d tree searchfollowed by a deep neural classifier we introduce here two new trackingalgorithms. Both algorithms combine those two stages in one while usingdifferent types of deep neural nets. We show that both proposed deep networksdo not require any special preprocessing stage, are more accurate, faster andcan be easier parallelized. Preliminary results of our new approaches forsimulated events are presented.
Refraction efficiency of Huygens' and bianisotropic terahertz  metasurfaces	2018	Metasurfaces are an enabling technology for complex wave manipulationfunctions, including in the terahertz frequency range, where they are expectedto advance security, imaging, sensing, and communications technology. Foroperation in transmission, Huygens' metasurfaces are commonly used, since theirgood impedance match to the surrounding media minimizes reflections andmaximizes transmission. Recent theoretical work has shown that Huygens'metasurfaces are non-optimal, particularly for large angles of refraction, andthat to eliminate reflections and spurious diffracted beams it is necessary touse a bianisotropic metasurface. However, it remains to be demonstrated howsignificant the efficiency improvement is when using bianisotropicmetasurfaces, considering all the non-ideal features that arise whenimplementing the metasurface design with real meta-atoms. Here we compareconcrete terahertz metasurface designs based on the Huygens' and Omega-typebianisotropic approaches, demonstrating anomalous refraction angles for 55degrees, and 70 degrees. We show that for the lower angle of 55 degrees, thereis no significant improvement when using the bianisotropic design, whereas forrefraction at 70 degrees the bianisotropic design shows much higher efficiencyand fidelity of refraction into the designed direction. We also demonstrate thestrong perturbations caused by near-field interaction, both between and withincells, which we compensate using numerical optimization.
Theory, design, and experimental verification of a reflectionless  bianisotropic Huygens' metasurface for wide-angle refraction	2018	Huygens' metasurfaces are electrically thin devices which allow arbitraryfield transformations. Beam refraction is among the first demonstrations ofrealized metasurfaces. As previously shown for extreme-angle refraction,control over only the electric impedance and magnetic admittance of theHuygens' metasurface proved insufficient to produce the desired reflectionlessfield transformation. To maintain zero reflections for wide refraction angles,magnetoelectric coupling between the electric and magnetic response of themetasurface, leading to bianisotropy, can be introduced. In this paper, wereport the theory, design, and experimental characterization of areflectionless bianisotropic metasurface for extreme-angle refraction of anormally incident plane wave towards 71.8$^\circ$ at 20 GHz. The theory anddesign of three-layer asymmetric bianisotropic unit cells are discussed. Therealized printed circuit board structure was tested via full-wave simulationsas well as experimental characterization. To experimentally verify theprototype, two setups were used. A quasi-optical experiment was conducted toassess the specular reflections of the metasurface, while a far-field antennameasurement characterized its refraction nature. The measurements verify thatthe fabricated metasurface has negligible reflections and the majority of thescattered power is refracted to the desired Floquet mode. This provides anexperimental demonstration of a reflectionless wide-angle refractingmetasurface using a bianisotropic Huygens' metasurface at microwavefrequencies.
Tuning bimetallic catalysts for a selective growth of SWCNTs	2018	Recent advances in structural control during the synthesis of SWCNTs have incommon the use of bimetallic nanoparticles as catalysts, despite the fact thattheir exact role is not fully understood. We therefore analyze the effect ofthe catalyst' s chemical composition on the structure of the resulting SWCNTsby comparing three bimetallic catalysts (FeRu, CoRu and NiRu). A specificsynthesis protocol is designed to impede the catalyst nanoparticle coalescencemechanisms and stabilize their diameter distributions throughout the growth.Owing to the ruthenium component which has a limited carbon solubility, tubesgrow in tangential mode and their diameter is close to that of their seedingnanoparticle. By using as-synthesized SWCNTs as a channel material in fieldeffect transistors, we show how the chemical composition of the catalysts andtemperature can be used as parameters to tune the diameter distribution andsemiconducting-to-metallic ratio of SWCNT samples. Finally, a phenomenologicalmodel, based on the dependence of the carbon solubility as a function ofcatalyst nanoparticle size and nature of the alloying elements, is proposed tointerpret the results.
Efficient treatment of model discrepancy by Gaussian Processes -  Importance for imbalanced multiple constraint inversions	2018	Mechanistic simulation models are inverted against observations in order togain inference on modeled processes. However, with the increasing ability tocollect high resolution observations, these observations represent morepatterns of detailed processes that are not part of a modeling purpose. Thismismatch results in model discrepancies, i.e. systematic differences betweenobservations and model predictions. When discrepancies are not accounted forproperly, posterior uncertainty is underestimated. Furthermore parameters areinferred so that model discrepancies appear with observation data stream withfew records instead of data streams corresponding to the weak model parts. Thisimpedes the identification of weak process formulations that need to beimproved. Therefore, we developed an efficient formulation to account for modeldiscrepancy by the statistical model of Gaussian processes (GP). This paperpresents a new Bayesian sampling scheme for model parameters and discrepancies,explains the effects of its application on inference by a basic example, anddemonstrates applicability to a real world model-data integration study.  The GP approach correctly identified model discrepancy in rich data streams.Innovations in sampling allowed successful application to observation datastreams of several thousand records. Moreover, the proposed new formulationcould be combined with gradient-based optimization. As a consequence, modelinversion studies should acknowledge model discrepancies, especially when usingmultiple imbalanced data streams. To this end, studies can use the proposed GPapproach to improve inference on model parameters and modeled processes.
Effect of Horizontal Spacing on Natural Convection from Two Horizontally  Aligned Circular Cylinders in Non-Newtonian Power-Law Fluids	2018	Laminar natural convection from two horizontally aligned isothermal cylindersin unconfined Power-law fluids has been investigated numerically. The effect ofhorizontal spacing (0<=(S/D)<=10) on both momentum and heat transfercharacteristics has been delineated under the following pertinent parameters:Grashof number (10<=Gr<=1e3), Prandtl number (0.71<=n<=100), and Power-lawindex (0.4<=n<=1.6). The heat transfer characteristics are elucidated in termsof isotherms, local Nusselt number (Nu) distributions and average Nusseltnumber values, whereas the flow characteristics are interpreted in terms ofstreamlines, pressure contours, local distribution of the pressure drag andskin-friction drag coefficients along with the total drag coefficient values.The average Nusselt number shows a positive dependence on both Gr and Prwhereas it shows an adverse dependence on Power-law index (n). Overall,shear-thinning (n<1) fluid behavior promotes the convection whereasshear-thickening (n>1) behavior impedes it with reference to a Newtonian fluid(n=1). Furthermore, owing to the formation of a chimney effect, the heattransfer increases with decrease in horizontal spacing (S/D) and reaches amaximum value corresponding to the optimal spacing whereas the heat transferdrops significantly with further decrease in S/D. Finally, a correlation for Nuhas been developed, which can be useful to academic researchers and practicingengineers.
Designing Metagratings Via Local Periodic Approximation: From Microwaves  to Infrared	2018	"Recently, metamaterials-inspired diffraction gratings (or metagratings) havedemonstrated unprecedented efficiency in wavefront manipulation by means ofrelatively simple structures. Conventional one-dimensional (1D) gratings have aprofile modulation in one direction and a translation symmetry in the other. In1D metagratings, the translation invariant direction is engineered at asubwavelength scale, which allows one to accurately control polarization linecurrents and, consequently, the scattering pattern. In bright contrast tometasurfaces, metagratings cannot be described by means of surface impedances(or local reflection and transmission coefficients). In this paper, we presenta simulation-based design approach to construct metagratings in the ""unit cellby unit cell"" manner. It represents an analog of the local periodicapproximation that has been used to design space-modulated metasurfaces andallows one to overcome the limitations of straightforward numericaloptimization and semianalytical procedures that have been used to date todesign metagratings. Electric and magnetic metagrating structures respondingto, respectively, transverse electric and transverse magnetic incident planewaves are presented to validate the proposed design approach."
Fundamental bounds on learning performance in neural circuits	2018	How does the size of a neural circuit influence its learning performance?Intuitively, we expect the learning capacity of a neural circuit to grow withthe number of neurons and synapses. Larger brains tend to be found in specieswith higher cognitive function and learning ability. Similarly, addingconnections and units to artificial neural networks can allow them to solvemore complex tasks. However, we show that in a biologically relevant settingwhere synapses introduce an unavoidable amount of noise, there is an optimalsize of network for a given task. Beneath this optimal size, our analysis showshow adding apparently redundant neurons and connections can make tasks morelearnable. Therefore large neural circuits can either devote connectivity togenerating complex behaviors, or exploit this connectivity to achieve fasterand more precise learning of simpler behaviors. Above the optimal network size,the addition of neurons and synaptic connections starts to impede learningperformance. This suggests that overall brain size may be constrained by theneed to learn efficiently with unreliable synapses, and may explain why someneurological learning deficits are associated with hyperconnectivity. Ouranalysis is independent of specific learning rules and uncovers fundamentalrelationships between learning rate, task performance, network size andintrinsic noise in neural circuits.
Tunable Magnetic Skyrmions in Ultrathin Magnetic Nanostructures for  Cellular-Level Neurostimulation	2019	In 2016, the Global Burden of Disease reported that neurological disorderswere the principal cause of disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) and thesecond leading cause of deaths. Research in the last decade has pushedneuroscience to design and implement low-cost, efficient, implantable, flexibleelectrodes/probes and 3D arrays for neuron stimulation and sensing. Electricalarrays used in current CMOS-based technologies can be affected by the migrationof cells (such as astrocytes) that attempt to seal off the electronic devices,causing increased impedance and alternations in the electric field. In thisregard, magnetic nanodevices can be better candidates. A wide assortment ofmagnetic skyrmion-based device ideas and models have as of late been proposedfeaturing their potential applications. In this paper we propose a highlytunable skyrmion-based spintronic nanodevice for neuron stimulation. Theeffects of tunable material and magnetic properties specificallyDzyaloshinskii-Moriya interaction (DMI), perpendicular magnetic anisotropy(PMA) constant, number of skyrmions and device dimensions on stable skyrmionnucleation and smooth skyrmion dynamics in a magnetic ultra-thin film have beenextensively studied. The aim of this study was to meet the standard therapeuticspecifications of neuron stimulation, which is an electric field of about 10mV/mm for a duration of 50 {\mu}s. From Faraday's Laws of Induction, skyrmiondynamics that generates an alternating magnetic flux density induces anelectric field for a certain time duration in the ultra-thin film. The resultsof this work show that on tuning the skyrmion dynamics, the induced electricfield can reach the standard value required for neurostimulation, therebyproviding a strong futuristic possibility to exploit skyrmion-based spintronicnanodevices for neuron stimulation.
Extracting Secrets from Encrypted Virtual Machines	2019	AMD SEV is a hardware extension for main memory encryption on multi-tenantsystems. SEV uses an on-chip coprocessor, the AMD Secure Processor, totransparently encrypt virtual machine memory with individual, ephemeral keysnever leaving the coprocessor. The goal is to protect the confidentiality ofthe tenants' memory from a malicious or compromised hypervisor and from memoryattacks, for instance via cold boot or DMA. The SEVered attack has shown thatit is nevertheless possible for a hypervisor to extract memory in plaintextfrom SEV-encrypted virtual machines without access to their encryption keys.However, the encryption impedes traditional virtual machine introspectiontechniques from locating secrets in memory prior to extraction. This canrequire the extraction of large amounts of memory to retrieve specific secretsand thus result in a time-consuming, obvious attack. We present an approachthat allows a malicious hypervisor quick identification and theft of secrets,such as TLS, SSH or FDE keys, from encrypted virtual machines on current SEVhardware. We first observe activities of a virtual machine from within thehypervisor in order to infer the memory regions most likely to contain thesecrets. Then, we systematically extract those memory regions and analyze theircontents on-the-fly. This allows for the efficient retrieval of targetedsecrets, strongly increasing the chances of a fast, robust and stealthy theft.
Close-in Super-Earths: The first and the last stages of planet formation  in an MRI-accreting disc	2019	We explore in situ formation and subsequent evolution of close-insuper-Earths and mini-Neptunes. We adopt a steady-state inner protoplanetarygas disc structure that arises from viscous accretion due to themagneto-rotational instability (MRI). We consider the evolution of dust in theinner disc, including growth, radial drift and fragmentation, and find thatdust particles that radially drift into the inner disc fragment severely due tothe MRI-induced turbulence. This result has two consequences: (1) radial driftof grains within the inner disc is quenched, leading to an enhancement of dustin the inner regions which scales as dust-to-gas-mass-flux-ratio at ~1 AU; (2)however, despite this enhancement, planetesimal formation is impeded by thesmall grain size. Nevertheless, assuming that planetary cores are present inthe inner disc, we then investigate the accretion of atmospheres onto cores andtheir subsequent photoevaporation. We then compare our results to the observedexoplanet mass-radius relationship. We find that: (1) the low gas surfacedensities and high temperatures in the inner disc reduce gas accretion ontocores compared to the minimum mass solar nebula, preventing the cores fromgrowing into hot Jupiters, in agreement with the data; (2) however, ourpredicted envelope masses are still typically larger than observed ones.Finally, we sketch a qualitative picture of how grains may grow andplanetesimals form in the inner disc if grain effects on the ionization levelsand the MRI and the back-reaction of the dust on the gas (both neglected in ourcalculations) are accounted for.
Role of the quasi-particles in an electric circuit with Josephson  junctions	2019	While Josephson junctions can be viewed as highly non-linear impedances forsuperconducting quantum technologies, they also possess internal dynamics thatmay strongly affect their behavior. Here, we construct a computationalframework that includes a microscopic description of the junction (full fledgedtreatment of both the superconducting condensate and the quasi-particles) inpresence of a surrounding electrical circuit. Our approach generalizes thestandard ResistorCapacitor-Josephson model (RCJ) to arbitrary junctions(including e.g. multi-terminal geometries and/or junctions that embedtopological or magnetic elements) and arbitrary electric circuits treated atthe classical level. By treating the superconducting condensate andquasi-particles on equal footings, we capture non-equilibrium phenomena such asMultiple Andreev Reflection. We show that the interplay between thequasi-particle dynamics and the electrical environment leads to the emergenceof new phenomena. In a RC circuit connected to single channel Josephsonjunction, we find out-of-equilibrium current-phase relations that are stronglydistorted with respect to the (almost sinusoidal) equilibrium one, revealingthe presence of high harmonic AC Josephson effect. In an RLC circuit connectedto a junction, we find that the shape of the resonance is strongly modified bythe quasi-particle dynamics: close to resonance, the current can be smallerthan without the resonator. Our approach provides a route for the quantitativemodeling of superconducting based circuits.
EAT-NAS: Elastic Architecture Transfer for Accelerating Large-scale  Neural Architecture Search	2019	Neural architecture search (NAS) methods have been proposed to release humanexperts from tedious architecture engineering. However, most current methodsare constrained in small-scale search due to the issue of computationalresources. Meanwhile, directly applying architectures searched on smalldatasets to large datasets often bears no performance guarantee. Thislimitation impedes the wide use of NAS on large-scale tasks. To overcome thisobstacle, we propose an elastic architecture transfer mechanism foraccelerating large-scale neural architecture search (EAT-NAS). In ourimplementations, architectures are first searched on a small dataset, e.g.,CIFAR-10. The best one is chosen as the basic architecture. The search processon the large dataset, e.g., ImageNet, is initialized with the basicarchitecture as the seed. The large-scale search process is accelerated withthe help of the basic architecture. What we propose is not only a NAS methodbut a mechanism for architecture-level transfer.  In our experiments, we obtain two final models EATNet-A and EATNet-B thatachieve competitive accuracies, 74.7% and 74.2% on ImageNet, respectively,which also surpass the models searched from scratch on ImageNet under the samesettings. For the computational cost, EAT-NAS takes only less than 5 days on 8TITAN X GPUs, which is significantly less than the computational consumption ofthe state-of-the-art large-scale NAS methods.
Measurements of microwave vortex response in dc magnetic fields in  Tl$_2$Ba$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+x}$ films	2019	There is a renewed interest in superconductors for high-frequencyapplications, leading to a reconsideration of already known low-$T_c$ andhigh-$T_c$ materials. In this view, we present an experimental investigation ofthe millimeter-wave response in moderate magnetic fields ofTl$_2$Ba$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+x}$ superconducting films with the aim of identifyingthe mechanisms of the vortex-motion-induced response. We measure the dcmagnetic-field-dependent change of the surface impedance, $\Delta Z_s(H) =\Delta R_s(H) + i\Delta X_s(H)$ at 48 GHz by means of the dielectric resonatormethod. We find that the overall response is made up of several contributions,with different weights depending on the temperature and field: a possiblecontribution from Josephson or Abrikosov-Josephson fluxons at low fields; aseemingly conventional vortex dynamics at higher fields; a significant pairbreaking in the temperature region close to $T_c$. We extract the vortex motiondepinning frequency $f_p$, which attains surprisingly high values. However, byexploiting the generalized model for relaxational dynamics we show that thisresult come from a combination of a pinning constant $k_p$ arising frommoderate pinning, and a vortex viscosity $\eta$ with anomalously small values.This latter fact, implying large dissipation, is likely a result from apeculiar microscopic structure and thus poses severe limits to the applicationof Tl$_2$Ba$_2$CaCu$_2$O$_{8+x}$ in a magnetic field.
The Local Perspective on the Hubble Tension: Local Structure Does Not  Impact Measurement of the Hubble Constant	2019	We use the largest sample to date of spectroscopic SN Ia distances andredshifts to look for evidence in the Hubble diagram of large scale outflowscaused by local voids suggested to exist at z<0.15. Our sample combines datafrom the Pantheon sample with the Foundation survey and the most recent releaseof lightcurves from the Carnegie Supernova Project to create a sample of 1295SNe over a redshift range of 0.01<z<2.26. We make use of an inhomogeneous andisotropic Lemaitre-Tolman-Bondi metric to model a void in the SN Iadistance-redshift relation. We conclude that the SN luminositydistance-redshift relation is inconsistent at the 4-5 sigma confidence levelwith large local underdensities (|delta| > 20%, where the density contrastdelta = Delta rho /rho) proposed in some galaxy count studies, and find noevidence of a change in the Hubble constant corresponding to a void with asharp edge in the redshift range 0.023<z<0.15. With empirical precision ofsigma_H_0 = 0.60%, we conclude that the distance ladder measurement is notaffected by local density contrasts, in agreement with cosmic variance ofsigma_H_0 = 0.42% predicted from simulations of large-scale structure. Giventhat uncertainty in the distance ladder value is sigma_H_0=2.2%, this does notaffect the Hubble tension. We derive a 5 sigma constraint on local densitycontrasts on scales larger than 69 megaparsec h^-1 of delta < 27%. The presenceof local structure does not appear to impede the possibility of measuring theHubble constant to 1% precision.
Dielectric Resonator Method For Determining Gap Symmetry Of  Superconductors Through Anisotropic Nonlinear Meissner Effect	2019	We present a new measurement method which can be used to image gap nodalstructure of superconductors whose pairing symmetry is under debate. Thistechnique utilizes a high quality factor microwave resonance involving thesample of interest. While supporting a circularly symmetric standing wavecurrent pattern, the sample is perturbed by a scanned laser beam, creating aphotoresponse that was previously shown to reveal the superconducting gapanisotropy. Simulation and the measurement of the photoresponse of anunpatterned Nb film show less than 8\% anisotropy, as expected for asuperconductor with nearly isotropic energy gap along with expected systematicuncertainty. On the other hand, measurement of a YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_{7-\delta}$thin film shows a clear 4-fold symmetric image with $\mathtt{\sim}12.5$\%anisotropy, indicating the well-known 4-fold symmetric $d_{x^2-y^2}$ gap nodalstructure in the $ab$-plane. The deduced gap nodal structure can be furthercross-checked by low temperature surface impedance data, which issimultaneously measured. The important advantage of the presented method overthe previous spiral resonator method is that it does not require a complicatedlithographic patterning process which limits one from testing various kinds ofmaterials due to photoresponse arising from patterning defects. This advantageof the presented technique, and the ability to measure unpatterned samples suchas planar thin films and single crystals, enables one to survey the pairingsymmetry of a wide variety of unconventional superconductors.
MediChainTM: A Secure Decentralized Medical Data Asset Management System	2019	The set of distributed ledger architectures known as blockchain is best knownfor cryptocurrency applications such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. Thesepermissionless block chains are showing the potential to be disruptive to thefinancial services industry. Their broader adoption is likely to be limited bythe maximum block size, the cost of the Proof of Work consensus mechanism, andthe increasing size of any given chain overwhelming most of the participatingnodes. These factors have led to many cryptocurrency blockchains to becomecentralized in the nodes with enough computing power and storage to be adominant miner and validator. Permissioned chains operate in trustedenvironments and can, therefore, avoid the computationally expensive consensusmechanisms. Permissioned chains are still susceptible to asset storage demandsand non-standard user interfaces that will impede their adoption. This paperdescribes an approach to addressing these limitations: permissioned blockchainthat uses off-chain storage of the data assets and this is accessed through astandard browser and mobile app. The implementation in the Hyperledgerframework is described as is an example use of patient-centered health datamanagement.
Event Loops as First-Class Values: A Case Study in Pedagogic Language  Design	2019	The World model is an existing functional input-output mechanism forevent-driven programming. It is used in numerous popular textbooks andcurricular settings. The World model conflates two different tasks -- thedefinition of an event processor and its execution -- into one. This conflationimposes a significant (even unacceptable) burden on student users in severaleducational settings where we have tried to use it, e.g., for teaching physics.While it was tempting to pile on features to address these issues, we insteadused the Scheme language design dictum of removing weaknesses that made themseem necessary. By separating the two tasks above, we arrived at a slightlydifferent primitive, the reactor, as our basis. This only defines the eventprocessor, and a variety of execution operators dictate how it runs. The newdesign enables programmatic control over event-driven programs. This simplifiesreflecting on program behavior, and eliminates many unnecessary curriculardependencies imposed by the old design. This work has been implemented in thePyret programming language. The separation of concerns has enabled newcurricula, such as the Bootstrap:Physics curriculum, to take flight. Thousandsof students use this new mechanism every year. We believe that reducingimpedance mismatches improves their educational experience.
Large area photoelectrodes based on hybrids of CNT fibres and ALD grown  TiO2	2019	Hybridisation is a powerful strategy towards the next generation ofmultifunctional materials for environmental and sustainable energyapplications. Here, we report a new inorganic nanocarbon hybrid materialprepared with atomically controlled deposition of a monocrystalline TiO2 layerthat conformally coats a macroscopic carbon nanotube (CNT) fiber. Through X-raydiffraction, Raman spectroscopy and photoemission spectroscopy we detect theformation of a covalent Ti-O-C bond at the TiO2/CNT interface and a residualstrain of approximately 0.7-2 \%, which is tensile in TiO2 and compressive inthe CNT. It arises after deposition of the amorphous oxide onto the CNT surfacepreviously functionalized by the oxygen plasma used in ALD. These features areobserved in samples of different TiO2 thickness, in the range from 10 to 80 nm.Ultraviolet photoemission spectroscopy on a 20 nm-thick TiO2 coated samplegives a work function of 4.27 eV, between that of TiO2 (4.23 eV) and the CNTfiber (4.41 eV), and the presence of new interband gap states that shift thevalence band maximum to 1.05 eV below the Fermi level. Photoelectrochemicalmeasurements demonstrate electron transfer from TiO2 to the CNT fiber networkunder UV irradiation. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy measurementsreveal a low resistance for charge transfer and transport, as well as a largecapacitance. Our results point to the fact that these hybrids, in which eachphase has nanometric thickness and the current collector is integrated into thematerial, are very different from conventional electrodes and can provide anumber of superior properties.
Multi-phase, non-isothermal transfer of water in a simple geometry	2019	It has long been acknowledged that heat and water transport of in soils andplants are intimately coupled. Pioneering work by Philip and de Vries proposedthe physical basis and governing equations to describe these processes; theirtheory has since been refined many times. However, the lack of appropriatesensors for in situ monitoring of water status has impeded clear interpretationof field experiments and no general consensus has emerged on a precisedescription of water transport in non-isothermal porous media. In this paper,we use a new microfluidic tool called the microtensiometer that measures waterpotential to study a simple model situation: we measure the evolution of waterpotential in a vapor gap across which a controlled temperature gradient isapplied and report a decrease of water potential with temperature difference by$- 7.9 \pm 0.4 \; \mathrm{MPa.K^{-1}}$, in agreement with previous experimentsusing other techniques. Based on a thermodynamic analysis of our system, wederive a theoretical prediction for this effect. Our model differs from Philipand de Vries equations by an additional water flux, negligible in ourexperiment but which should become significant in the case of unsaturated,nanoporous media. Both predictions by our model and by Philip and de Vries areclose to the experimental value but with a discrepancy significant whencompared with experimental uncertainties.
Self-Supervised Surgical Tool Segmentation using Kinematic Information	2019	Surgical tool segmentation in endoscopic images is the first step towardspose estimation and (sub-)task automation in challenging minimally invasivesurgical operations. While many approaches in the literature have shown greatresults using modern machine learning methods such as convolutional neuralnetworks, the main bottleneck lies in the acquisition of a large number ofmanually-annotated images for efficient learning. This is especially true insurgical context, where patient-to-patient differences impede the overallgeneralizability. In order to cope with this lack of annotated data, we proposea self-supervised approach in a robot-assisted context. To our knowledge, theproposed approach is the first to make use of the kinematic model of the robotin order to generate training labels. The core contribution of the paper is topropose an optimization method to obtain good labels for training despite anunknown hand-eye calibration and an imprecise kinematic model. The labels cansubsequently be used for fine-tuning a fully-convolutional neural network forpixel-wise classification. As a result, the tool can be segmented in theendoscopic images without needing a single manually-annotated image.Experimental results on phantom and in vivo datasets obtained using a flexiblerobotized endoscopy system are very promising.
Fractional Operators Applied to Geophysical Electromagnetics	2019	A growing body of applied mathematics literature in recent years has focussedon the application of fractional calculus to problems of anomalous transport.In these analyses, the anomalous transport (of charge, tracers, fluid, etc.) ispresumed attributable to long-range correlations of material properties withinan inherently complex, and in some cases self-similar, conducting medium.Rather than considering an exquisitely discretized (and computationallyintractable) representation of the medium, the complex and spatially correlatedheterogeneity is represented through reformulation of the PDE governing therelevant transport physics such that its coefficients are, instead, smooth butpaired with fractional-order space derivatives. Here we apply these concepts tothe scalar Helmholtz equation and its use in electromagnetic interrogation ofEarth's interior through the magnetotelluric method. We outline a practicalalgorithm for solving the Helmholtz equation using spectral methods coupledwith finite element discretization. Execution of this algorithm for themagnetotelluric problem reveals several interesting features observable infield data: long--range correlation of the predicted electromagnetic fields; apower-law relationship between the squared impedance amplitude and squaredwavenumber whose slope is a function of the fractional exponent within thegoverning Helmholtz equation; and, a non-constant apparent resistivity spectrumwhose variability arises solely from the fractional exponent. In geologicsettings characterized by self--similarity (e.g. fracture systems; thick andrichly-textured sedimentary sequences, etc.) we posit that diagnostics areuseful for geologic characterization of features far below the typicalresolution limit of electromagnetic methods in geophysics.
Force sensing in hybrid Bose-Einstein condensate optomechanics based on  parametric amplification	2019	In this paper, the scheme of a force sensor is proposed which has beencomposed of a hybrid optomechanical cavity containing an interactingcigar-shaped Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC) where the \textit{s}-wavescattering frequency of the BEC atoms as well as the spring coefficient of thecavity moving end-mirror (the mechanical oscillator) are parametricallymodulated. It is shown that in the red-detuned regime and under the so-calledimpedance-matching condition, the mechanical response of the system to theinput signal is enhanced substantially, which leads to the amplification of theweak input signal while the added noises of measurement (backaction noises) canbe suppressed and lowered much below the standard quantum limit (SQL). In thisway, such a hybrid system operates as an ultra-sensitive force sensor which canamplify the input signal and simultaneously suppress the added noises bycontrolling the amplitudes of modulation and the system cooperativities. Theadvantage of the presented nonlinear hybrid system accompanied with themechanical and atomic modulations in comparison to the bare optomechanicalcavities is the enhancement of signal amplification as well as the extension ofamplification bandwidth.
On nodal and generalized singular structures of Laplacian eigenfunctions  and applications to inverse scattering problems	2019	In this paper, we present some novel and intriguing findings on the geometricstructures of Laplacian eigenfunctions and their deep relationship to thequantitative behaviours of the eigenfunctions in two dimensions. We introduce anew notion of generalized singular lines of the Laplacian eigenfunctions, andcarefully study these singular lines and the nodal lines. The studies revealthat the intersecting angle between two of those lines is closely related tothe vanishing order of the eigenfunction at the intersecting point. Weestablish an accurate and comprehensive quantitative characterisation of therelationship. Roughly speaking, the vanishing order is generically infinite ifthe intersecting angle is {\it irrational}, and the vanishing order is finiteif the intersecting angle is rational. In fact, in the latter case, thevanishing order is the degree of the rationality. The theoretical findings areoriginal and of significant interest in spectral theory. Moreover, they areapplied directly to some physical problems of great importance, including theinverse obstacle scattering problem and the inverse diffraction gratingproblem. It is shown in a certain polygonal setup that one can recover thesupport of the unknown scatterer as well as the surface impedance parameter byfinitely many far-field patterns. Indeed, at most two far-field patterns aresufficient for some important applications. Unique identifiability by finitelymany far-field patterns remains to be a highly challenging fundamentalmathematical problem in the inverse scattering theory.
Ionic conductivity enhacements and low temperature synthesis of  Li7La3Zr2O12 garnets by Bi aliovalent substitutions	2019	We report on a novel approach to synthesize cubic-phase fast ionic conductinggarnet-type solid state electrolytes based on Bi doped Li7La3Zr2O12 (LLZO). Bialiovalent substitution into LLZO utilizing the Pechini processing method issuccessfully employed to synthesize Li7-xLa3Zr2-xBixO12 compounds. Ionicconductivities up to 2.0 x 10-4 S/cm are achieved in structures not fullydensified. Cubic phase Li6La3ZrBiO12 powders are generated in the temperaturerange from 650 {\deg}C to 900 {\deg}C in air. In contrast, in the absence of Biand under identical synthesis conditions, the cubic garnet phase ofLi7La3Zr2O12 is not formed below 700 {\deg}C while a transformation to thetetragonal phase is observed at 900 {\deg}C for the un-doped compound. Thecritical role of Bi in lowering the formation temperature of the garnet cubicphase and the improvements in ionic conductivity is investigated in this workthrough microstructural studies and AC impedance measurements. We ascribe theeffect of Bi doping in achieving these remarkable improvements to significantenhancements at lower temperatures in the kinetics of the solid-state reactionresulting in explosive grain growth and densification of the garnet. Moreover,XAS is utilized to identify the specific atomic site where Bi is incorporatedin the LLZO garnet crystalline structure.
Improving dual-arm assembly by master-slave compliance	2019	In this paper we show how different choices regarding compliance affect adual-arm assembly task. In addition, we present how the compliance parameterscan be learned from a human demonstration. Compliant motions can be used inassembly tasks to mitigate pose errors originating from, for example,inaccurate grasping. We present analytical background and accompanyingexperimental results on how to choose the center of compliance to enhance theconvergence region of an alignment task. Then we present the possible ways ofchoosing the compliant axes for accomplishing alignment in a scenario whereorientation error is present. We show that an earlier presented Learning fromDemonstration method can be used to learn motion and compliance parameters ofan impedance controller for both manipulators. The learning requires a humandemonstration with a single teleoperated manipulator only, easing the executionof demonstration and enabling usage of manipulators at difficult locations aswell. Finally, we experimentally verify our claim that having both manipulatorscompliant in both rotation and translation can accomplish the alignment taskwith less total joint motions and in shorter time than moving one manipulatoronly. In addition, we show that the learning method produces the parametersthat achieve the best results in our experiments.
Design and Control of a Quasi-Direct Drive Soft Exoskeleton for Knee  Injury Prevention during Squatting	2019	This paper presents design and control innovations of wearable robots thattackle two barriers to widespread adoption of powered exoskeletons, namelyrestriction of human movement and versatile control of wearable co-robotsystems. First, the proposed quasi-direct drive actuation comprising of ourcustomized high torque density motors and low ratio transmission mechanismsignificantly reduces the mass of the robot and produces high backdrivability.Second, we derive a biomechanics model-based control that generates biologicaltorque profile for versatile control of both squat and stoop liftingassistance. The control algorithm detects lifting postures using compactinertial measurement unit (IMU) sensors to generate an assistive profile thatis proportional to the biological torque produced from our model. Experimentalresults demonstrate that the robot exhibits low mechanical impedance (1.5 Nmresistive torque) when it is unpowered and 0.5 Nm resistive torque withzero-torque tracking control. Root mean square (RMS) error of torque trackingis less than 0.29 Nm (1.21% error of 24 Nm peak torque). Compared withsquatting without the exoskeleton, the controller reduces 87.5%, 80% and 75% ofthe of three knee extensor muscles (average peak EMG of 3 healthy subjects)during squat with 50% of biological torque assistance.
Non-Iterative Characteristics Analysis for Ramp Loading with a Window	2019	Ramp compression experiment are used to deduce the relation betweencompression and normal stress in a material, by measuring how a compressionwave evolves as it propagates through different thicknesses of the samplematerial. The compression wave is generally measured by Doppler velocimetryfrom a surface that can be observed with optical or near-optical photons. Forhigh-pressure ramp loading, the reflectivity of a free surface often decreasesas it is accelerated by the ramp wave, and window materials transparent to theprobing photons are used to keep the surface flatter and preserve itsreflectivity. We previously described a method of analyzing ramp-wave datameasured at the free surface which did not require numerical iteration.However, this method breaks down when the pressure at the surface changes andhence cannot be used for data taken with a finite-impedance window. We have nowgeneralized this non-iterative analysis method to apply to measurements takenthrough a window. Free surfaces can be treated seamlessly, and the need forsampling at uniform intervals of velocity has been removed. These calculationsrequire interpolation of partially-released states using thepartially-constructed stress-compression relation, making them slower than theprevious free-surface scheme, but they are still much more robust and fast thaniterative analysis.
An inflow-boundary-based Navier-Stokes wave tank: verification and  validation for waves propagating over flat and inclined bottoms	2019	Development of mass-source function based numerical wave tank (NWT)algorithms in the Navier-Stokes (NSE) framework is impeded by multiple designissues such as: (a) optimization of a number of variables characterizing thesource region, (b) wave-vorticity interactions and (c) a mandatory requirementof modeling the domain on both sides of the wavemaker. In this paper, wecircumvent these hurdles by proposing a volume-preserving inflow-boundary basedNavier-Stokes wave tank. Wave generation and propagation is modeled in atwo-phase PLIC-VOF set-up. Near-exact volume preservation is achieved (atarbitrarily large steepness) using kinematic stretching that is aimed towardsbalancing the streamwise momentum between points lying above and below thestill water level. Numerical damping of steep waves is prevented by usingblended third-order and limiter schemes for momentum advection. In addition, amesh stair-stepping strategy has been adopted for modeling non-Cartesianimmersed boundaries on a staggered variable arrangement. The proposed NWT modelis rigorously benchmarked against various wave-propagation scenarios. Theseinclude the simulation of: (a) monochromatic waves of various steepnesses, (b)monochromatic waves superimposed with free harmonics, (c) irregular waves indeep water and (d) wave transformation occurring over a submerged trapezoidalbar. Excellent agreement with analytical, numerical and experimental data isreported with both validation as well as verification of the proposed NWT modelbeing established.
Lost in Machine Translation: A Method to Reduce Meaning Loss	2019	"A desideratum of high-quality translation systems is that they preservemeaning, in the sense that two sentences with different meanings should nottranslate to one and the same sentence in another language. However,state-of-the-art systems often fail in this regard, particularly in cases wherethe source and target languages partition the ""meaning space"" in differentways. For instance, ""I cut my finger."" and ""I cut my finger off."" describedifferent states of the world but are translated to French (by both Fairseq andGoogle Translate) as ""Je me suis coupe le doigt."", which is ambiguous as towhether the finger is detached. More generally, translation systems aretypically many-to-one (non-injective) functions from source to target language,which in many cases results in important distinctions in meaning being lost intranslation. Building on Bayesian models of informative utterance production,we present a method to define a less ambiguous translation system in terms ofan underlying pre-trained neural sequence-to-sequence model. This methodincreases injectivity, resulting in greater preservation of meaning as measuredby improvement in cycle-consistency, without impeding translation quality(measured by BLEU score)."
Symmetry-assisted protection and compensation of hidden spin  polarization in centrosymmetric systems	2019	It is recently noted that in certain centrosymmetric compounds, spin-orbitinteraction couples each local sector that lacks inversion symmetry and thusleads to visible spin polarization effects in the real space, dubbed as 'hiddenspin polarization (HSP)'. However, observable spin polarization of a givenlocal sector suffers interference by its inversion partner, impeding materialrealization and potential applications of HSP. Starting from a single-orbitaltight-binding model, we propose a nontrivial way to protect strongsector-projected spin texture through minimizing the interaction betweeninversion partners by nonsymmorphic symmetry. The HSP effect is generallycompensated by inversion partners near the {\Gamma} point but immune frominteraction around the boundary of the Brillouin zone. We further summarize 17layer groups that support such symmetry-assisted HSP and identify byfirst-principle calculations hundreds of quasi-2D materials from the existingdatabases, among which a group of rare-earth compounds LnOI (Ln = Pr, Nd, Ho,Tm and Lu) serves as great candidates showing strong Rashba- andDresselhaus-type HSP. Our finding also provides an ideal platform to controlHSP for emergent physical effects, such as opening a hybridization gap bytensile strain to realize the time-reversal-invariant topologicalsuperconductivity.
Development of an Autonomous Sanding Robot with Structured-Light  Technology	2019	Large demand for robotics and automation has been reflected in the sandingworks, as current manual operations are labor-intensive, without consistentquality, and also subject to safety and health issues. While several machineshave been developed to automate one or two steps in the sanding works, theautonomous capability of existing solutions is relatively low, and the humanassistance or supervision is still heavily required in the calibration oftarget objects or the planning of robot motion and tasks. This paper presentsthe development of an autonomous sanding robot, which is able to perform thesanding works on an unknown object automatically, without any prior calibrationor human intervention. The developed robot works as follows. First, the targetobject is scanned then modeled with the structured-light camera. Second, therobot motion is planned to cover all the surfaces of the object with anoptimized transition sequence. Third, the robot is controlled to perform thesanding on the object under the desired impedance model. A prototype of thesanding robot is fabricated and its performance is validated in the task ofsanding a batch of wooden boxes. With sufficient degrees of freedom (DOFs) andthe module design for the end effector, the developed robot is able to providea general solution to the autonomous sanding on many other different objects.
Perfect Absorption Metasurfaces with Multiple Meta-Resonances	2019	We show that the hybrid resonances of a DMR backed by a cavity aremeta-resonances, in that they can be made as perfect as possible by fine tuningthe structural parameters but without the requirements of extreme materialsproperties, such as zero dissipation. Instead, dissipation in the DMR isessential for the realization of perfect meta-resonances. We experimentallydemonstrate such perfection by tuning the structure of a HMR till itsreflection is as low as 0.426 % . Besides the primary meta-resonances that areoriginated from the strong resonances of the DMR, weak hitchhiker resonancescan also produce meta-resonances as perfect as the primary ones. The depth ofthe reflection dips is insensitive to the strength of the resonances involved,but critically depends on the degree of impedance match to air brought mostlyby fine tuning the structure parameters, such as the cavity volume, the mass ofthe platelet, or the pre-tension in the membrane. Using the eccentricity of theplatelet position in the DMR, a number of resonances and anti-resonances aregenerated, resulting in up to five meta-resonances within the range of 200 Hzto 1000 Hz, with the highest reflection being 7 % and the lowest being 1.2 % .Other means of introducing hitchhiker meta-resonances are also reported.
Computationally efficient optimization of radiation drives	2019	For many applications of pulsed radiation, the time-history of the radiationintensity must be optimized to induce a desired time-history of conditions.This optimization is normally performed using multi-physics simulations of thesystem. The pulse shape is parametrized, and multiple simulations are performedin which the parameters are adjusted until the desired response is induced.These simulations are often computationally intensive, and the optimization byiteration of parameters in forward simulations is then expensive and slow. Inmany cases, the desired response can be expressed such that an instantaneousdifference between the actual and desired response can be calculated. Inprinciple, a computer program used to perform the forward simulation could bemodified to adjust the instantaneous radiation drive automaticaly until thedesired instantaneous response is achieved. Unfortunately, such modificationsmay be impracticable in a complicated multi-physics program. However, thecomputational time increment in such simulations is generally much shorter thanthe time scale of changes in the desired response. It is much more practicableto adjust the radiation source so that the response tends toward the desiredvalue at later times. This relaxed in-situ optimization method can give anadequate design for a pulse shape in a single forward simulation, giving atypical gain in computational efficiency of tens to thousands. This approachwas demonstrated for the design of laser pulse shapes to induce ramp loading tohigh pressure in target assemblies incorporating ablators of significantlydifferent mechanical impedance than the sample, requiring complicated pulseshaping.
Plane-wave scattering by an ellipsoid composed of an orthorhombic  dielectric-magnetic material with arbitrarily oriented constitutive principal  axes	2019	The extended boundary condition method can be formulated to study plane-wavescattering by an ellipsoid composed of an orthorhombic dielectric-magneticmaterial whose relative permittivity dyadic is a scalar multiple of itsrelative permeability dyadic, when the constitutive principal axes arearbitrarily oriented with respect to the shape principal axes. Known vectorspherical wavefunctions are used to represent the fields in the surroundingmatter-free space. After deriving closed-form expressions for the vectorspherical wavefunctions for the scattering material, the internal fields arerepresented as superpositions of those vector spherical wavefunctions. Theunknown scattered-field coefficients are related to the known incident-fieldcoefficients by a transition matrix. The total scattering and absorptionefficiencies are highly affected by the orientation of the constitutiveprincipal axes relative to the shape principal axes, and the effect of theorientational mismatch between the two sets of principal axes is morepronounced as the electrical size increases. The dependence of the totalscattering efficiency, but not of the absorption efficiency, on the angle ofrotation about a shape principal axis can be predicted qualitatively from thevariation of a scalar function with respect to the angle of rotation. The totalscattering and absorption efficiencies do not depend on the polarization stateof incident plane wave when the scattering material is impedance-matched tofree space. The polarization state of the incident plane wave has a morediscernible effect on the total scattering and absorption efficiencies forellipsoids compared to spheres.
Onset of giant planet migration before 4480 million years ago	2019	Immediately after their formation, the terrestrial planets experiencedintense impact bombardment by comets, leftover planetesimals from primaryaccretion, and asteroids. This temporal interval in solar system evolution,termed late accretion, thermally and chemically modified solid planetarysurfaces and may have impeded the emergence of life on the Hadean Earth. Thesources and tempo of late accretion are, however, vague. Here, we present atimeline that relates variably retentive radiometric ages from asteroidalmeteorites, to new dynamical models of late accretion that invokes giant planetmigration. Reconciliation of the geochronological data with dynamical modelsshows that giant planet migration immediately leads to an intense 30 Myr influxof comets to the entire solar system. The absence of whole-sale crustal resetages after 4450 Ma for the most resilient chronometers from Earth, Moon, Mars,Vesta and various meteorite parent bodies confines the onset of giant planetmigration to no later than ca. 4480 Ma. Waning impacts from planetesimals,asteroids (and a minor cometary component) continue to strike the inner planetsthrough a protracted monotonic decline in impactor flux; this is in agreementwith predictions from crater chronology. Amended global 3-D thermal analyticalbombardment models derived from our new impact mass-production functions showthat persistent niches for prebiotic chemistry on the early Hadean Earth couldendure late accretion for at least the last 4400 Myr.
Low Frequency Carrier Kinetics in Perovskite Solar Cells	2019	Hybrid organic-inorganic halide perovskite solar cells have emerged asleading candidates for third-generation photovoltaic technology. Despite therapid improvement in power conversion efficiency (PCE) for perovskite solarcells in recent years, the low-frequency carrier kinetics that underliepractical roadblocks such as hysteresis and degradation remain relativelypoorly understood. In an effort to bridge this knowledge gap, we perform herecorrelated low-frequency noise (LFN) and impedance spectroscopy (IS)characterization that elucidates carrier kinetics in operating perovskite solarcells. Specifically, we focus on planar cell geometries with a SnO2 electrontransport layer and two different hole transport layers, namely,poly(triarylamine) (PTAA) and Spiro-OMeTAD. PTAA and Sprio-OMeTAD cells withmoderate PCEs of 5 to 12 percent possess a Lorentzian feature at 200 Hz in LFNmeasurements that corresponds to a crossover from electrode to dielectricpolarization. In comparison, Spiro-OMeTAD cells with high PCEs (15 percent)show four orders of magnitude lower LFN amplitude and are accompanied by acyclostationary process. Through a systematic study of more than a dozen solarcells, we establish a correlation with noise amplitude, power conversionefficiency, and fill factor. Overall, this work establishes correlated LFN andIS as an effective methodology for quantifying low frequency carrier kineticsin perovskite solar cells, thereby providing new physical insights that canrationally guide ongoing efforts to improve device performance,reproducibility, and stability.
Efficient Tracking Proposals using 2D-3D Siamese Networks on LIDAR	2019	Tracking vehicles in LIDAR point clouds is a challenging task due to thesparsity of the data and the dense search space. The lack of structure in pointclouds impedes the use of convolution and correlation filters usually employedin 2D object tracking. In addition, structuring point clouds is cumbersome andimplies losing fine-grained information. As a result, generating proposals in3D space is expensive and inefficient. In this paper, we leverage the dense andstructured Bird Eye View (BEV) representation of LIDAR point clouds toefficiently search for objects of interest. We use an efficient Region ProposalNetwork and generate a small number of object proposals in 3D. Successively, werefine our selection of 3D object candidates by exploiting the similaritycapability of a 3D Siamese network. We regularize the latter 3D Siamese networkfor shape completion to enhance its discrimination capability. Our methodattempts to solve both for an efficient search space in the BEV space and ameaningful selection using 3D LIDAR point cloud. We show that the RegionProposal in the BEV outperforms Bayesian methods such as Kalman and ParticleFilters in providing proposal by a significant margin and that such candidatesare suitable for the 3D Siamese network. By training our method end-to-end, weoutperform the previous baseline in vehicle tracking by 12% / 18% in Successand Precision when using only 16 candidates.
Design and Fabrication of an Ultra-low Noise Ag-AgCl Electrode	2019	We have developed a new method for fabrication of ultra-low noisesilver-silver chloride (Ag-AgCl) reference electrode with dramatically highstability, useful in biomedical precise measurements. Low noise level and highstability are the most important features when evaluating reference electrodefor example when used as a half-cell at electrochemical cells. The noise wasmeasured for bare Ag-AgCl electrode pairs in a saline electrolyte without anyjunction. The noise spectral density for such measurements increases at lowfrequencies due to flicker (1/f) noise. Thermal noise from the real part of theelectrode impedance is always lower than 1/f noise and is shown as offsetvoltage in noise spectrum. Electrode noise is highly correlated to its offsetvoltage. Moreover, the variance of the potential difference in our measurementsis correlated to the noise level of electrodes. In this paper, offset voltagespectrum and the variance of data while doing measurements are proposed foridentification of noise in our electrodes. The results presented suggest a newprocess for fabrication of electrode pairs with differential noise potential of16 nanovolt root mean square at frequency of 1 Hz.
Comparative Analysis of Distributed and Parallel File Systems' Internal  Techniques	2019	A file system optimization is the most common task in the file system field.Usually, it is seen as the key file system problem. Moreover, it is possible tostate that optimization is dominant in commercial development. A problem of anew file system architecture development arises more frequently in academia.End-user can treat file system performance as the key problem of file systemevolving as technology. Such understanding arises from common treatment ofpersistent memory as slow subsystem. As a result, problem of improvingperformance of data processing treats as a problem of file system performanceoptimization. However, evolution of physical technologies of persistent datastorage requires significant changing of concepts and approaches of filesystems' internal techniques. Generally speaking, only trying to improve thefile system efficiency cannot resolve all issue of file systems astechnological direction. Moreover, it can impede evolution of file systemtechnology at whole. It is impossible to satisfy end-user's expectations bymeans of file systems optimization only. New persistent storage technologiescan question about file systems necessity at whole without suggestion ofrevolutionary new file system's approaches. However, file system containsparadigm of information structuring that is very important for end-user as ahuman being. It needs to distinguish the two classes of tasks: (1) optimizationtask; (2) task of elaboration a new architecture vision or paradigm. But,frequently, project goal degenerates into optimization task which is meantreally elaboration of a new paradigm. End-user expectations are complex andcontradictory set of requirements. Only optimization tasks cannot resolve theall current needs of end-user in the file system field. End-user's expectationsrequire resolving tasks of a new architecture vision or paradigm elaboration.
The Non-Conservative Maxwell's Equations and the Electrodynamics of Time  Varying Voltage Sources using Impressed Electric Fields and Magnetic Currents	2019	Consideration is given to the electrodynamics of alternating current voltagesources with either free or bound charge. For the free charge ideal voltagesource, it is necessary to included an impressed non-conservative electricfield vector, which causes the force essential to separate and move the freecharge in a lossless way. This is equivalent to the force per unit chargeconverted from an external energy source that drives the electromotive force.For the bound charge voltage source, we show that it is similar to theidealized bar electret, which is polarized permanently and uniformly parallelto its cylindrical z-axis. Usually a bar electret is charged with a permanentDC polarization, however in this work we consider the more general case of atime dependent polarization, which is shown to be equivalent to an impressedtime dependent electric field. We also show that the bound charge voltagesource has a capacitive source impedance, which can in principle reduce theoutput voltage depending on the source load. For both cases Faraday's law ismodified through the addition of an effective impressed magnetic currentboundary source. The impressed electric field can be shown to be related to themagnetic current via the left hand rule, and is also described by an electricvector potential. For both cases, in their no-load state, they are shown to beequivalent to an idealized Hertzian dipole.
Charge-photon transport statistics and short-time correlations in a  single quantum dot-resonator system with arbitrarily large coupling parameter	2019	Electrical quantum conductors coupled to microwave resonators have in thelast decade emerged as a versatile testbed for controllable light-matterinteraction on the nanometer scale. Recent experimental progress with highimpedance resonators has resulted in conductor-resonator systems with a large,dimensionless coupling parameter $\lambda \gtrsim 0.1$, well beyond the smallcoupling regime $\lambda \ll 1$. Motivated by this progress, we here analysetheoretically the joint statistics of transported electrons and emitted photonsin a single level quantum dot coupled to a microwave resonator, for arbitrarilylarge $\lambda$. Describing the electron-photon dynamics via a number-resolvedmaster equation, we evaluate the joint long-time probability distribution aswell as joint short-time, $g^{(2)}(t)$, correlation functions. Considering thehigh-bias regime, with sequential electron tunneling and working in the dampingbasis, allows us to obtain analytical results for both transport cumulants and$g^{(2)}(t)$ functions. It is found that the photons emitted out of theresonator are bunched and display a super-Poissonian statistics, for all systemparameters. However, the electron transport properties are found to beunaffected by the coupling to the resonator, anti-bunched and withsub-Poissonian statistics. From the joint distribution we identify regimes ofelectron tunneling induced photon cascades and very large $g^{(2)}(t)$functions. All $g^{(2)}(t)$-functions are found to be independent of $\lambda$.We also identify conditions for and transport signatures of a thermal resonatorphoton state.
A deep learning framework for quality assessment and restoration in  video endoscopy	2019	Endoscopy is a routine imaging technique used for both diagnosis andminimally invasive surgical treatment. Artifacts such as motion blur, bubbles,specular reflections, floating objects and pixel saturation impede the visualinterpretation and the automated analysis of endoscopy videos. Given thewidespread use of endoscopy in different clinical applications, we contend thatthe robust and reliable identification of such artifacts and the automatedrestoration of corrupted video frames is a fundamental medical imaging problem.Existing state-of-the-art methods only deal with the detection and restorationof selected artifacts. However, typically endoscopy videos contain numerousartifacts which motivates to establish a comprehensive solution.  We propose a fully automatic framework that can: 1) detect and classify sixdifferent primary artifacts, 2) provide a quality score for each frame and 3)restore mildly corrupted frames. To detect different artifacts our frameworkexploits fast multi-scale, single stage convolutional neural network detector.We introduce a quality metric to assess frame quality and predict imagerestoration success. Generative adversarial networks with carefully chosenregularization are finally used to restore corrupted frames.  Our detector yields the highest mean average precision (mAP at 5% threshold)of 49.0 and the lowest computational time of 88 ms allowing for accuratereal-time processing. Our restoration models for blind deblurring, saturationcorrection and inpainting demonstrate significant improvements over previousmethods. On a set of 10 test videos we show that our approach preserves anaverage of 68.7% which is 25% more frames than that retained from the rawvideos.
Universal critical behavior in the ferromagnetic superconductor  Eu(Fe$_{0.75}$Ru$_{0.25}$)$_{2}$As$_{2}$	2019	The study of universal critical behavior is a crucial issue in a continuousphase transition, which groups various critical phenomena into universalityclasses for revealing microscopic electronic behaviors. The understanding ofthe nature of magnetism in Eu-based ferromagnetic superconductors is largelyimpeded by the infeasibility of performing inelastic neutron scatteringmeasurements to deduce the microscopic magnetic behaviors and the effects onthe superconductivity, due to the significant neutron absorption effect ofnatural $^{152}$Eu and unavailability of large single crystals. However, bysystematically combining the neutron diffraction experiment, thefirst-principles calculations, and the quantum Monte Carlo simulations, we haveobtained a perfectly consistent universal critical exponent value of$\beta=0.385(13)$ experimentally and theoretically forEu(Fe$_{0.75}$Ru$_{0.25}$)$_{2}$As$_{2}$, from which the magnetism in theEu-based ferromagnetic superconductors is identified as the universal class ofa three-dimensional anisotropic quantum Heisenberg model with long-rangemagnetic exchange coupling. This study not only clarifies the nature ofmicroscopic magnetic behaviors in the Eu-based ferromagnetic superconductors,but also opens a new avenue of systemic methodology for studying the universalcritical behaviors associated with magnetic phase transitions in the area ofmagnetism and the spin fluctuations effects on the unconventionalsuperconductivity.
A Standard Ruler at Cosmic Dawn	2019	The matter in our Universe comes in two flavors: dark and baryonic. Of these,only the latter couples to photons, giving rise to the well-known baryonacoustic oscillations and, in the process, generating supersonic relativevelocities between dark matter and baryons. These velocities---imprinted withthe acoustic scale in their genesis---impede the formation of the first starsduring cosmic dawn ($z\sim 20$), modulating the expected 21-cm signal from thisera. In a companion paper we showed, combining numerical simulations andanalytic models, that this modulation takes the form of robust velocity-inducedacoustic oscillations (VAOs), with a well-understood shape that is frozen atrecombination, and unaffected by the unknown astrophysics of star formation.Here we propose using these VAOs as a standard ruler at cosmic dawn. We findthat three years of 21-cm power-spectrum data from the upcoming HERAinterferometer should be able to measure the Hubble expansion rate $H(z)$ at$z=15-20$ to percent-level precision, ranging from $0.3\%$ to $11\%$ dependingon the strength of astrophysical feedback processes and foregrounds. This wouldprovide a new handle on the expansion rate of our Universe during an otherwiseunprobed epoch, opening a window to the mysterious cosmic-dawn era.
A precise relationship among Buller's drop, ballistospore and gill  morphology enables maximal packing of spores within gilled mushrooms	2019	Basidiomycete fungi eject spores using a surface tension catapult; a fluiddrop forms at the base of each spore and after reaching a critical size,coalesces with the spore and launches it from the gill surface. Althoughbasidiomycetes function within ecosystems as both devastating pathogens andmutualists critical to plant growth, an incomplete understanding ofballistospory hinders predictions of spore dispersal and impedes diseaseforecasting and conservation strategies. Building on a nascent understanding ofthe physics underpinning the surface tension catapult, we first use theprinciple of energy conservation to identify ejection velocities resulting froma range of Buller's drop and spore sizes. We next model a spore's trajectoryaway from a basidium and identify a specific relationship among intergilldistances and Buller's drop and spore radii enabling the maximum number ofspores to be packaged within a minimum amount of gill tissue. We collect dataof spore and gill morphology in wild mushrooms and we find that real specieslie in a region where, in order to pack the maximum number of spores withminimum amount of biomass, the volume of Buller's drop should scale as thevolume of the spore, and its linear size should be about half of spore size.Previously published data of Buller's drop and spore size confirm this finding.Our results suggest that the radius of Buller's drop is tightly regulated toenable maximum packing of spores.
Controller Design and Implementation of a New Quadrotor Manipulation  System	2019	The previously introduced aerial manipulation systems suffer from eitherlimited end-effector DOF or small payload capacity. In this dissertation, aquadrotor with a 2-DOF manipulator is investigated that has a unique topologyto enable the end-effector to track 6-DOF trajectory with the minimum possiblenumber of actuators/links and hence, maximize the payload and/or mission time.The proposed system is designed, modeled, and constructed. An identificationprocess is carried out to find the system parameters. An experimental setup isproposed with a 6-DOF state measurement and estimation scheme. The systemfeasibility is validated via numerical and experimental results. The inversekinematics require a solution of complicated algebraic-differential equations.Therefore, an algorithm is developed to get an approximate solution of theseequations. Furthermore, the motion control of this quadrotor manipulationsystem is quite challenging. The system has strong nonlinearities, fastdynamics and unstable dynamics that are very susceptible to parametersvariations and external disturbances. Thus, a linear Disturbance Observer(DOb)-based robust controller is utilized to address these issues. A modifiedDOb loop is proposed and designed to use the direct measurements. A ModelPredictive Control (MPC) is used in the external loop of the DOb to save powerconsumption that increases the mission time and to consider of the actuatorsconstraints. The manipulation tasks require estimating (applying) certain forceat the end-effector. However, the current developed techniques have limitationsbecause they are model-based methods, based on ignoring some dynamics, orrequiring an indicator of the environment contact. Hence, a robust sensorlessforce estimation and impedance control scheme is proposed to overcome theselimitations.
Magnetic Fields in Accretion Disks: A Review	2019	We review the current theoretical models of the inward advection of the largescale external magnetic fields in accretion discs. The most plausible theoriesfor launching astrophysical jets rely on strong magnetic fields at the innerparts of the host accretion disks. An internal dynamo can in principle generatesmall scale magnetic fields in situ but generating a large scale field in adisk seems a difficult task in the dynamo theories. In fact, as far as numerousnumerical experiments indicate, a dynamo-generated field in general would notbe coherent enough over the large length scales of order the disk's radius.Instead, a large scale poloidal field dragged in from the environment, andcompressed by the accretion, provides a more promising possibility. Thedifficulty in the latter picture, however, arises from the reconnection of theradial field component across the mid-plane which annihilates the field fasterthan it is dragged inward by the accretion. We review the different mechanismsproposed to overcome these theoretical difficulties. In fact, it turns out,that a combination of different effects, including magnetic buoyancy andturbulent pumping, is responsible for the vertical transport of the field linestoward the surface of the disk. The radial component of the poloidal fieldvanishes at the mid-plane, which efficiently impedes reconnection, and growsexponentially toward the surface where it can become much larger than thevertical field component. This allows the poloidal field to be efficientlyadvected to small radii until the allowed bending angle drops to of orderunity, and the field can drive a strong outflow.
Higher-Order Topological Insulators in Quasicrystals	2019	Current understanding of higher-order topological insulators (HOTIs) is basedprimarily on crystalline materials. Here, we propose that HOTIs can be realizedin quasicrystals. Specifically, we show that two distinct types of second-ordertopological insulators (SOTIs) can be constructed on the quasicrystallinelattices (QLs) with different tiling patterns. One is derived by using a Wilsonmass term to gap out the edge states of the quantum spin Hall insulator on QLs.The other is the quasicrystalline quadrupole insulator (QI) with a quantizedquadrupole moment. We reveal some unusual features of the corner states (CSs)in the quasicrystalline SOTIs. We also show that the quasicrystalline QI can besimulated by a designed electrical circuit, where the CSs can be identified bymeasuring the impedance resonance peak. Our findings not only extend theconcept of HOTIs into quasicrystals but also provide a feasible way to detectthe topological property of quasicrystals in experiments.
Imaging nodal knots in momentum space through topolectrical circuits	2019	"Knots are one-dimensional loops embedded in three-dimensional space.Intimately connected to Chern-Simons theory which underlies the braiding ofquasiparticles, knots exhibit such rich topology that no single topologicalinvariant can unambiguously distinguish them. In real space, knots areubiquitous, being present in protein and polymer structures, optical vorticesand, of course, everyday-life ropes. In momentum space, knotted configurationsof band structure crossings (nodes) demonstrate their topological intricacieseven more spectacularly, with their special ""drumhead"" surface modesgeneralizing the Fermi arcs of ordinary nodal semimetals. Still, momentum spaceknots have so far been elusive due to the requisite finely tuned long-rangedhoppings underlying their band structure. Even if a momentum space knot wereconstructed, probing its intricate linkages and drumhead states by existingmethods such as momentum-resolved ARPES will be very challenging due to thehigh requisite precision. In this work, we overcome these practical andtechnical barriers by utilizing ordinary RLC-type circuits in devising thefirst-ever experimentally realistic proposal for momentum space knots. We gobeyond existing theoretical constructions, which necessarily break reciprocity,by pairing nodal knots with their mirror image partners in a fully reciprocalsetting. Our nodal knot circuits can be systematically characterized withimpedance measurements that a) resolve their drumhead states and b) measuretheir 3D nodal structure. From there, one can reconstruct the Seifert surface,and hence recover topological knot invariants such as the Alexander polynomial."
Fixed-Symbol Aided Random Access Scheme for Machine-to-Machine  Communications	2019	The massiveness of devices in crowded Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communicationsbrings new challenges to existing random-access (RA) schemes, such as heavysignaling overhead and severe access collisions. In order to reduce thesignaling overhead, we propose a fixed-symbol aided RA scheme where activedevices access the network in a grant-free method, i.e., data packets aredirectly transmitted in randomly chosen slots. To further address the accesscollision which impedes the activity detection, one fixed symbol is insertedinto each transmitted data packet in the proposed scheme. An iterative messagepassing based activity detection (MP-AD) algorithm is performed upon thereceived signal of this fixed symbol to detect the device activity in eachslot. In addition, the deep neural network-aided MP-AD (DNN-MP-AD) algorithm isfurther designed to alleviate the correlation problem of the iterative messagepassing process. In the DNN-MP-AD algorithm, the iterative message passingprocess is transferred from a factor graph to a DNN. Weights are imposed on themessages in the DNN and further trained to improve the accuracy of the deviceactivity detection. Finally, numerical simulations are provided for thethroughput of the proposed RA scheme, the accuracy of the proposed MP-ADalgorithm, as well as the improvement brought by the DNN-MP-AD algorithm.
Gradient-free activation maximization for identifying effective stimuli	2019	"A fundamental question for understanding brain function is what types ofstimuli drive neurons to fire. In visual neuroscience, this question has alsobeen posted as characterizing the receptive field of a neuron. The search foreffective stimuli has traditionally been based on a combination of insightsfrom previous studies, intuition, and luck. Recently, the same question hasemerged in the study of units in convolutional neural networks (ConvNets), andtogether with this question a family of solutions were developed that aregenerally referred to as ""feature visualization by activation maximization.""  We sought to bring in tools and techniques developed for studying ConvNets tothe study of biological neural networks. However, one key difference thatimpedes direct translation of tools is that gradients can be obtained fromConvNets using backpropagation, but such gradients are not available from thebrain. To circumvent this problem, we developed a method for gradient-freeactivation maximization by combining a generative neural network with a geneticalgorithm. We termed this method XDream (EXtending DeepDream with real-timeevolution for activation maximization), and we have shown that this method canreliably create strong stimuli for neurons in the macaque visual cortex (Ponceet al., 2019). In this paper, we describe extensive experiments characterizingthe XDream method by using ConvNet units as in silico models of neurons. Weshow that XDream is applicable across network layers, architectures, andtraining sets; examine design choices in the algorithm; and provide practicalguides for choosing hyperparameters in the algorithm. XDream is an efficientalgorithm for uncovering neuronal tuning preferences in black-box networksusing a vast and diverse stimulus space."
Soft Temporal Switching of TL Parameters: Wave-field, Energy Balance,  Applications	2019	Time-varying guiding structures introduce an additional degree of freedom,besides spatial-variation, that enables better control over the guided wave ina device. Periodically time-modulated structures which are usually consideredenable wave control over narrowband signals. However, for ultrawidebandshort-pulse signals, time-variation in the form of temporal discontinuities isrequired. Such a setup has recently been proposed as a mean to overcome theBode-Fano bound on impedance matching. While hard (abrupt) temporaldiscontinuities are relatively simple to analyze by employing continuity ofmagnetic flux and electric charge, soft (gradual) temporal switching of theguiding structure parameters is more challenging. This work explores the caseof a short-pulse dynamics in a one-dimensional, metamaterial TL, medium withgeneral smooth time-variation of its parameters. In this time-varying TL,wave-field solutions are obtained by a WKB approach which is more common in thecontext of gradual spatial variations. Using this methodology a leading ordertransmitted and reflected waves due to the time-variation are derived, followedby a discussion of the energy balance in such switched media. A canonicalexample of capacitor discharge into a long time-varied TL is given. Theseresults may be used as analysis/synthesis tools for time-varying wave devicesin electromagnetics and acoustics.
Enhanced Performance and Privacy for TLS over TCP Fast Open	2019	Small TCP flows make up the majority of web flows. For them, the TCPthree-way handshake induces significant delay overhead. The TCP Fast Open (TFO)protocol can significantly decrease this delay via zero round-trip time (0-RTT)handshakes for all TCP handshakes that follow a full initial handshake to thesame host. However, this comes at the cost of privacy limitations and also hassome performance limitations. In this paper, we investigate the TFP deploymenton popular websites and browsers. We found that a client revisiting a web sitefor the first time fails to use an abbreviated TFO handshake in 40% of allcases due to web server load-balancing using multiple IP addresses. Ouranalysis further reveals significant privacy problems of the protocol designand implementation. Network-based attackers and online trackers can exploit TFOto track the online activities of users. As a countermeasure, we introduce anovel protocol called TCP Fast Open Privacy (FOP). TCP FOP prevents tracking bynetwork attackers and impedes third-party tracking, while still allowing 0-RTThandshakes as in TFO. As a proof-of-concept, we have implemented the proposedprotocol for the Linux kernel and a TLS library. Our measurements indicate thatTCP FOP outperforms TLS over TFO when websites are served from multiple IPaddresses.
Insulator to Semiconductor Transition in Graphene Quantum Dots	2019	Zero dimensional graphene quantum dots (GQDs) exhibit interesting physicaland chemical properties due to the edge effect and quantum confinement. As thenumber of carbon atoms in edge is more than on basal plane, GQDs are morereactive. Room temperature XRD pattern confirms the formation of the GQDs.UV-Visible spectra confirm that GQDs show optical absorption in the visibleregion. The emission peaks in the photoluminescence spectra are red shiftedwith the increase of excitation wavelength. Dynamic light scattering (DLS)analysis shows that the average size of the particles is found to be 65 nm. Thefrequency dependent electrical transport properties of the GQDs areinvestigated in a temperature range from 300 to 500 K. Most interestingly, forthe first time, the insulator to semiconductor transition of GQD is observednear 400K. The transition mechanism of GQD is discussed with detaileddielectric analysis. The effects of intercalated water on temperature dependentconductivity are clearly discussed. The dielectric relaxation mechanism isexplained in the framework of permittivity, conductivity and impedanceformalisms. The frequency dependent ac conductivity spectra follows theJonscher s universal power law. Cole-Cole model is used to investigate thedielectric relaxation mechanism in the sample.
Energy of the $^{229}$Th nuclear clock transition	2019	The first nuclear excited state of $^{229}$Th offers the unique opportunityfor laser-based optical control of a nucleus. Its exceptional properties allowfor the development of a nuclear optical clock which offers a complementarytechnology and is expected to outperform current electronic-shell based atomicclocks. The development of a nuclear clock was so far impeded by an impreciseknowledge of the energy of the $^{229}$Th nuclear excited state. In this letterwe report a direct excitation energy measurement of this elusive state andconstrain this to 8.28$\pm$0.17 eV. The energy is determined by spectroscopy ofthe internal conversion electrons emitted in-flight during the decay of theexcited nucleus in neutral $^{229}$Th atoms. The nuclear excitation energy ismeasured via the valence electronic shell, thereby merging the fields ofnuclear- and atomic physics to advance precision metrology. The transitionenergy between ground and excited state corresponds to a wavelength of149.7$\pm$3.1 nm. These findings set the starting point for high-resolutionnuclear laser spectroscopy and thus the development of a nuclear optical clockof unprecedented accuracy. A nuclear clock is expected to have a large varietyof applications, ranging from relativistic geodesy over dark matter research tothe observation of potential temporal variation of fundamental constants.
Probing charge carrier movement in organic semiconductor thin films via  nanowire conductance spectroscopy	2019	Understanding the movement of charge within organic semiconducting films iscrucial for applications in photo-voltaics and flexible electronics. We studythe sensitivity of the electrical conductance of a silicon nanowire to changesof charge states within an organic semiconductor physisorbed on the surface ofthe nanowire. Elastic scattering caused by motion of charge carriers near thenanowire modifies the mean-free path for backscattering of electronspropagating within it, which we have mathematically expressed in terms of thecausal Green's functions. The scattering potential has been computed using acombination of the polarizable continuum model and density functional theorywith the range-separated exchange-correlation functional for organic moleculesand the semi-empirical tight-binding model for silicon. As an example, thesensitivity to charge state changes in tetracene is computed as a function ofoperating temperature and geometrical parameters of a nanowire. For a singlemolecule, ultra-thin silicon nanowires with characteristic sizes of thecross-section below 2 nm produce a detectable conductance change at roomtemperature. For larger nanowires the sensitivity is reduced, however theconductance change grows with the number of charged molecules: with sub-4 nmnanowires being sensitive enough to detect several tens of charge carriers. Wepropose using noise spectroscopy to access the temporal evolution of the chargestates. Information regarding the spatial distribution of charge carries inorganic thin films can be obtained using a grid of nanowire resistors andelectric impedance tomography.
An Experimental and Theoretical Insights into the Colossal Permittivity  Mechanism of (Li, Nd) Co-doped ZnO Ceramics	2019	In this work, we report the combined effect of donor (Nd) and acceptor (Li)co-doping at the Zn-site of ZnO ceramics on structural, microstructural anddielectric properties. Combining experimental observations with DFT basedtheoretical study, we have shown that before experimental fabrication DFT basedfirst principles study can be used as a good indication to have priorqualitative assessment of a dielectric medium. For implementing this objectivevarious Li and Nd co-doped ZnO ceramics have been synthesized through theconventional solid-state reaction route. Quantitative XRD analysis reveals theformation of wurtzite hexagonal structured ZnO having space group P63mc.Meanwhile, FESEM micrographs confirm the formation of randomly alignednon-uniform grains in size and shape. We show that the average grain sizedistribution and density of the studied compositions are two tuning factors tocontrol the dielectric properties of these compounds. Though the value ofdielectric constant is decreased with the increase in doping content, theoptimum composition Nd0.005Li0.005Zn0.99O exhibits slightly lower dielectricconstant (2066 at 1 KHz) than pristine ZnO but relatively very low dielectricloss (0.20 at 1 KHz) at room temperature than pure ZnO ceramics sintered at1623 K. For understanding the dielectric relaxation mechanism in the studiedceramics, complex impedance spectra analysis have also been performed anddiscussed thoroughly. This study provides a new insight for further developmentof colossal permittivity (CP) ceramics and extends the current understanding ofCP mechanism in ceramic materials.
Direct electrocaloric, structural, dielectric, and electric properties  of lead-free ferroelectric material Ba0.9Sr0.1Ti1-xSnxO3 synthesized by  semi-wet method	2019	By using the semi-wet synthesis method, lead-free ferroelectric materialsBa0.9Sr0.1Ti1-xSnxO3 with x = 0, 0.02, 0.05, and 0.10 (abbreviated as BSTS)were prepared and their structural, electric and electrocaloric properties wereinvestigated. The X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns show that the samplescalcined at 950{\deg}C have well crystallized into perovskite structuresuggesting the substitution of Ti4+ by Sn4+ in BST lattice. With increasingcontent of Sn, the enhancement of the dielectric permittivity was observed for(0<x<0.05) and the ferroelectric transition temperature (TC) was found to shifttowards the room temperature (TC = 20{\deg}C for x = 0.10). Direct measurementsof the electrocaloric effect (ECE) were performed on all samples by using thehighresolution calorimeter. It is found that Ba0.9Sr0.1Ti0.95Sn0.05O3 exhibitsa high ECE temperature change of DTEC = 0.188 K at an applied electric field ofonly 7 kV/cm. Impedance spectrum analysis of all the samples performed in thetemperature range of 300-360{\deg}C reveals the existence of two relaxationcontributions related to the grain and grain boundaries that are well separatedin frequency. Activation energies of conduction and relaxation processes werededuced for both contributions in order to determine the conduction mechanismof the studied compositions.
Time resolution and dynamic range of field effect transistor based  terahertz detectors	2019	We studied time resolution and response power dependence of three terahertzdetectors based on significantly different types of field effect transistors.We analyzed the photoresponse of custom-made Si junctionless FETs, Si MOSFETsand GaAs-based high electron mobility transistors detectors. Applyingmonochromatic radiation of high power, pulsed, line-tunable molecular THzlaser, which operated at frequencies in the range from 0.6-3.3 THz, wedemonstrated that all these detectors have at least nanosecond response time.We showed that detectors yield a linear response in a wide range of radiationpower. At high powers the response saturates varying with radiation power P as$U = R_0 P/(1+P/P_s)$, where $R_0$ is the low power responsivity, $P_s$ is thesaturation power. We demonstrated that the linear part response decreases withradiation frequency increase as $R_0 \propto f^{-3}$, whereas the power atwhich signal saturates increases as $P_s \propto f^3$. We discussed theobserved dependences in the framework of the Dyakonov-Shur mechanism anddetector-antenna impedance matching. Our study showed that FET transistors canbe used as ultrafast room temperature detectors of THz radiation and that theirdynamic range extends over many orders of magnitude of power of incoming THzradiation. Therefore, when embedded with current driven read out electronicsthey are very well adopted for operation with high power pulsed sources.
High Throughput Polar Decoding Using Two-Staged Adaptive Successive  Cancellation List Decoding	2019	Polar codes are the first class of capacity-achieving forward errorcorrection (FEC) codes. They have been selected as one of the coding schemesfor the 5G communication systems due to their excellent error correctionperformance when successive cancellation list (SCL) decoding with cyclicredundancy check (CRC) is used. A large list size is necessary for SCL decodingto achieve a low error rate. However, it impedes SCL decoding from achieving ahigh throughput as the computational complexity is very high when a large listsize is used. In this paper, we propose a two-staged adaptive SCL (TA-SCL)decoding scheme and the corresponding hardware architecture to accelerate SCLdecoding with a large list size. Constant system latency and data rate aresupported by TA-SCL decoding. To analyse the decoding performance of TA-SCL, anaccurate mathematical model based on Markov Chain is derived, which can be usedto determine the parameters for practical designs. A VLSI architectureimplementing TA-SCL decoding is then proposed. The proposed architecture isimplemented using UMC 90nm technology. Experimental results show that TA-SCLcan achieve throughputs of 3.00 and 2.35 Gbps when the list sizes are 8 and 32,respectively, which are nearly 3 times as that of the state-ofthe-art SCLdecoding architectures, with negligible performance degradation on a widesignal-to-noise ratio (SNR) range and small hardware overhead.
Interpreting a Recurrent Neural Network's Predictions of ICU Mortality  Risk	2019	"Despite the success of deep learning models in healthcare, their lack oftransparency has impeded their acceptance. The goals of this work were tohighlight which features contributed to a recurrent neural network's (RNN)predictions of ICU mortality and compare this information with clinicalexpectations. Feature contributions to the RNN's predictions for individualpatients were computed using two methods: Learned Binary Masks (LBM), a newocclusion-based method developed here; and KernelSHAP, an existingmodel-agnostic interpretability method. Both methods compute the contributionof each input feature to the RNN's prediction at each time, generating a matrixof the same dimensions as the patient's input data matrix. Featurecontributions were extracted, analyzed, and presented here for two patientswhose RNN predictions displayed similar trajectories but with differentdiagnoses. LBM and KernelSHAP showed that the RNN used input features thataligned with the clinical expectation of each patient's disease trajectories.In addition, feature contributions were averaged across differentsub-populations to compare between any two cohorts the feature contributions totheir mortality predictions. This measure, called Relative Attribution Feature(RAF), is similar to risk factors distilled from traditional clinical research.The top 10 RAFs were computed for two well-studied diseases, sepsis and brainneoplasm, and they aligned with clinical expectations of each disease. Finally,feature contributions were averaged across all patients and times to generate aform of model ""feature importance"" which describes the overall importance ofeach feature, analogous to analyzing the weights in logistic regressions."
Strong Single- and Two-Photon Luminescence Enhancement by Nonradiative  Energy Transfer across Layered Heterostructure	2019	The strong light-matter interaction in monolayer transition metaldichalcogenides (TMDs) is promising for nanoscale optoelectronics with theirdirect band gap nature and the ultra-fast radiative decay of the strongly boundexcitons these materials host. However, the impeded amount of light absorptionimposed by the ultra-thin nature of the monolayers impairs their viability inphotonic applications. Using a layered heterostructure of a monolayer TMDstacked on top of strongly absorbing, non-luminescent, multi-layer SnSe2, weshow that both single-photon and two-photon luminescence from the TMD monolayercan be enhanced by a factor of 14 and 7.5, respectively. This is enabledthrough inter-layer dipole-dipole coupling induced non-radiative Forsterresonance energy transfer (FRET) from SnSe2 underneath which acts as ascavenger of the light unabsorbed by the monolayer TMD. The design strategyexploits the near-resonance between the direct energy gap of SnSe2 and theexcitonic gap of monolayer TMD, the smallest possible separation between donorand acceptor facilitated by van der Waals heterojunction, and the in-planeorientation of dipoles in these layered materials. The FRET driven uniformsingle- and twophoton luminescence enhancement over the entire junction area isadvantageous over the local enhancement in quantum dot or plasmonic structureintegrated 2D layers, and is promising for improving quantum efficiency inimaging, optoelectronic, and photonic applications.
How carbon vacancies can affect the properties of group IV color centers  in diamond: A study of thermodynamics and kinetics	2019	Recently there has been much interest in using Group IV elements from thePeriodic Table to fabricate and study X$V$ color centers in diamond where X =Si, Ge, Sn, or Pb and $V$ is a carbon vacancy. These Group IV color centershave a number of interesting spin and optical properties which couldpotentially make them better candidates than N$V^-$ centers for importantapplications in quantum computing and quantum information processing.Unfortunately, the very same ion implantation process that is required tocreate these X$V$ color centers in diamond necessarily also produces manycarbon vacancies ($V_{\rm C}$) which can form complexes with these colorcenters ($V_{\rm C}-$X$V$) that can dramatically affect the properties of theisolated X$V$ color centers. The main focus of this work is to usedensity-functional theory (DFT) to study the thermodynamics and kinetics of theformation of these $V_{\rm C}-$X$V$ complexes and to suggest experimental waysto impede this process such as varying the Fermi level of the host diamondmaterial through chemical doping or applying an external electrical bias. Wealso include a discussion of how the simple presence of many $V_{\rm C}$ cannegatively impact the spin coherence times ($T_2$) of Group IV color centersthrough the presence of acoustic phonons.
Identifying Cache-Based Side Channels through Secret-Augmented Abstract  Interpretation	2019	Cache-based side channels enable a dedicated attacker to reveal programsecrets by measuring the cache access patterns. Practical attacks have beenshown against real-world crypto algorithm implementations such as RSA, AES, andElGamal. By far, identifying information leaks due to cache-based sidechannels, either in a static or dynamic manner, remains a challenge: theexisting approaches fail to offer high precision, full coverage, and goodscalability simultaneously, thus impeding their practical use in real-worldscenarios.  In this paper, we propose a novel static analysis method on binaries todetect cache-based side channels. We use abstract interpretation to reason onprogram states with respect to abstract values at each program point. To makesuch abstract interpretation scalable to real-world cryptosystems whileoffering high precision and full coverage, we propose a novel abstract domaincalled the Secret-Augmented Symbolic domain (SAS). SAS tracks program secretsand dependencies on them for precision, while it tracks only coarse-grainedpublic information for scalability.  We have implemented the proposed technique into a practical tool named CacheSand evaluated it on the implementations of widely-used cryptographic algorithmsin real-world crypto libraries, including Libgcrypt, OpenSSL, and mbedTLS.CacheS successfully confirmed a total of 154 information leaks reported byprevious research and 54 leaks that were previously unknown. We have reportedour findings to the developers. And they confirmed that many of those unknowninformation leaks do lead to potential side channels.
Space-Time Modulated Loaded-Wire Metagratings for Magnetless  Nonreciprocity and Near-Complete Frequency Conversion	2019	In recent years a significant progress has been made in the development ofmagnet-less nonreciprocity using space-time modulation, both inelectromagnetics and acoustics. This approach has so far resulted in a plethoraof non-reciprocal devices, such as isolators and circulators, over differentparts of the spectrum, for guided waves. On the other hand, very little workhas been performed on non-reciprocal devices for waves propagating in freespace, which can also have many practical applications. For example, it wasshown theoretically that non-reciprocal scattering by a metasurface can beobtained if the surface-impedance operator is continuously modulated in spaceand time. However, the main challenge in the realization of such a metasurfaceis due to the high complexity required to modulate in space and time manysub-wavelength unit-cells of which the metasurface consists. In this paper weshow that spatiotemporally modulated metagratings can lead to strongnonreciprocal responses, despite the fact that they are based onelectrically-large unit cells. We specifically focus on wire metagratingsloaded with time-modulated capacitances. We use thediscrete-dipole-approximation and an ad-hoc generalization of the theory ofpolarizability for time-modulated particles, and demonstrate an effectivenonreciprocal anomalous reflection (diffraction) with an efficient frequencyconversion. Thus, our work opens a venue towards a practical design andimplementation of highly non-reciprocal magnet-less metasurfaces inelectromagnetics and acoustics.
Stochastic Sparse Learning with Momentum Adaptation for Imprecise  Memristor Networks	2019	Memristor based neural networks have great potentials in on-chip neuromorphiccomputing systems due to the fast computation and low-energy consumption.However, the imprecise properties of existing memristor devices generallyresult in catastrophic failures for the network in-situ training, whichsignificantly impedes their engineering applications. In this work, we design anovel learning scheme that integrates stochastic sparse updating with momentumadaption (SSM) to efficiently train the imprecise memristor networks with highclassification accuracy. The SSM scheme consists of: (1) a stochastic anddiscrete learning method to make weight updates sparse; (2) a momentum basedgradient algorithm to eliminate training noises and distill robust updates; (3)a network re-initialization method to mitigate the device-to-device variation;(4) an update compensation strategy to further stabilize the weight programmingprocess. With the SSM scheme, experiments show that the classification accuracyon multilayer perceptron (MLP) and convolutional neural network (CNN) improvesfrom 26.12% to 90.07% and from 65.98% to 92.38%, respectively. Meanwhile, thetotal numbers of weight updating pulses decrease 90% and 40% in MLP and CNN,respectively, and the convergence rates are both 3x faster. The SSM schemeprovides a high-accuracy, low-power, and fast-convergence solution for thein-situ training of imprecise memristor networks, which is crucial to futureneuromorphic intelligence systems.
What and Where to Translate: Local Mask-based Image-to-Image Translation	2019	Recently, image-to-image translation has obtained significant attention.Among many, those approaches based on an exemplar image that contains thetarget style information has been actively studied, due to its capability tohandle multimodality as well as its applicability in practical use. However,two intrinsic problems exist in the existing methods: what and where totransfer. First, those methods extract style from an entire exemplar whichincludes noisy information, which impedes a translation model from properlyextracting the intended style of the exemplar. That is, we need to carefullydetermine what to transfer from the exemplar. Second, the extracted style isapplied to the entire input image, which causes unnecessary distortion inirrelevant image regions. In response, we need to decide where to transfer theextracted style. In this paper, we propose a novel approach that extracts out alocal mask from the exemplar that determines what style to transfer, andanother local mask from the input image that determines where to transfer theextracted style. The main novelty of this paper lies in (1) the highwayadaptive instance normalization technique and (2) an end-to-end translationframework which achieves an outstanding performance in reflecting a style of anexemplar. We demonstrate the quantitative and qualitative evaluation results toconfirm the advantages of our proposed approach.
Chocolatine: Outage Detection for Internet Background Radiation	2019	The Internet is a complex ecosystem composed of thousands of AutonomousSystems (ASs) operated by independent organizations; each AS having a verylimited view outside its own network. These complexities and limitations impedenetwork operators to finely pinpoint the causes of service degradation ordisruption when the problem lies outside of their network. In this paper, wepresent Chocolatine, a solution to detect remote connectivity loss usingInternet Background Radiation (IBR) through a simple and efficient method. IBRis unidirectional unsolicited Internet traffic, which is easily observed bymonitoring unused address space. IBR features two remarkable properties: it isoriginated worldwide, across diverse ASs, and it is incessant. We show that thenumber of IP addresses observed from an AS or a geographical area follows aperiodic pattern. Then, using Seasonal ARIMA to statistically model IBR data,we predict the number of IPs for the next time window. Significant deviationsfrom these predictions indicate an outage. We evaluated Chocolatine using datafrom the UCSD Network Telescope, operated by CAIDA, with a set of documentedoutages. Our experiments show that the proposed methodology achieves a goodtrade-off between true-positive rate (90%) and false-positive rate (2%) andlargely outperforms CAIDA's own IBR-based detection method. Furthermore,performing a comparison against other methods, i.e., with BGP monitoring andactive probing, we observe that Chocolatine shares a large common set ofoutages with them in addition to many specific outages that would otherwise goundetected.
Completing the International System of units with  $c=\hbar=_\circ=_\circ=k_B=N_A=1$	2019	"A drawback of the new SI is that by fixing the value of the elementary charge$e$, the vacuum magnetic permeability $\mu_\circ$ and impedance$Z_\circ=\mu_\circ c$ are no longer fixed, but get written proportionately to$\alpha$. All electrical units get dependent on $\alpha$ (and might even,conceivably, vary with time). This may be cured by embedding the SI in a newframework in which the ""fundamental constants of nature"" are fixed and equal to1, i.e. $c=\hbar=\mu_\circ=\epsilon_\circ=Z_\circ= k_B=N_A=1$. The metre,joule, and kilogram get identified as 1 m = (1/$c_\circ$) s = (1/299 792 458)s, 1 J = $(1/\hbar_\circ)$ s$^{-1}= (2\pi /6.626\;070\;15) \times 10^{34}\ \rms^{-1}$ and 1 kg = $(c_\circ^2/\hbar_\circ)\ \rm s^{-1}= 0.852 ... \times\10^{51}\ s^{-1}$. Fixing $\mu_\circ= \mu_{\circ\circ}$ N/A$^2=1 $ provides 1 A= $\sqrt{\mu_{\circ\circ} \rm N} =\!\sqrt{\mu_{\circ\circ}c_\circ/\hbar_\circ}\ \rm s^{-1}$ and 1 C = $\sqrt{\mu_{\circ\circ}c_\circ/\hbar_\circ} = 1.890 ...\times\ 10^{18} $, with $e = 1.602 ... \times\10^{-19}\ \rm C$ also equal to $ \sqrt{4\pi\alpha} = 0.3028 ... $. All SI unitscan be defined in terms of the second, with the coulomb, ohm and weberdimensionless, and the mole identified as the very large Avogadro number."
Sub-single exciton optical gain threshold in colloidal semiconductor  quantum wells with gradient alloy shelling	2019	Colloidal semiconductor quantum wells have emerged as a promising materialplatform for use in solution-processable light-generation including colloidallasers. However, application relying on their optical gain suffer from afundamental complication due to multi-excitonic nature of light amplificationin common II-VI semiconductor nanocrystals. This undesirably increases theoptical gain threshold and shortens the net gain lifetime because of fastnonradiative Auger decay. Here, we demonstrate sub-single exciton level ofoptical gain threshold in specially engineered CdSe/CdS@CdZnScore/crown@gradient alloyed shell colloidal quantum wells. This sub-singleexciton ensemble-averaged gain threshold of Ng = 0.80 (per particle) resultingfrom impeded Auger recombination along with a large absorption cross-section ofquantum wells enables us to observe the amplified spontaneous emission startingat a low pump fluence of 800 nJ cm-2, at least three-folds better than thepreviously best reported values among all colloidal semiconductor nanocrystals.Moreover, long optical gain lifetimes of 800 ps accompanied with modal gaincoefficients of 2,000 cm-1 are achieved. Finally, using these gradient shelledquantum wells, we show a vertical cavity surface-emitting colloidal laseroperating at an ultralow lasing threshold of 7.5 micro-joule cm-2. Theseresults represent a significant step towards the realization ofsolution-processable electrically-driven colloidal lasers.
PRNU Based Source Camera Attribution for Image Sets Anonymized with  Patch-Match Algorithm	2019	Patch-Match is an efficient algorithm used for structural image editing andavailable as a tool on popular commercial photo-editing software. The toolallows users to insert or remove objects from photos using information fromsimilar scene content. Recently, a modified version of this algorithm wasproposed as a counter-measure against Photo-Response Non-Uniformity (PRNU)based Source Camera Identification (SCI). The algorithm can provide anonymityat a great rate (97\%) and impede PRNU based SCI without the need of any otherinformation, hence leaving no-known recourse for the PRNU-based SCI. In thispaper, we propose a method to identify sources of the Patch-Match-appliedimages by using randomized subsets of images and the traditional PRNU based SCImethods. We evaluate the proposed method on two forensics scenarios in which anadversary makes use of the Patch-Match algorithm and distorts the PRNU noisepattern in the incriminating images he took with his camera. Our results showthat it is possible to link sets of Patch-Match-applied images back to theirsource camera even in the presence of images that come from unknown cameras. Toour best knowledge, the proposed method represents the very firstcounter-measure against the usage of of Patch-Match in the digital forensicsliterature.
Throughput Scaling of Covert Communication over Wireless Adhoc Networks	2019	We consider the problem of covert communication over wireless adhoc networksin which (roughly) $n$ legitimate nodes (LNs) and $n^{\kappa}$ for $0<\kappa<1$non-communicating warden nodes (WNs) are randomly distributed in a square ofunit area. Each legitimate source wants to communicate with its intendeddestination node while ensuring that every WN is unable to detect the presenceof the communication. In this scenario, we study the throughput scaling law.Due the covert communication constraint, the transmit powers are necessarilylimited. Under this condition, we introduce a preservation region around eachWN. This region serves to prevent transmission from the LNs and to increase thetransmit power of the LNs outside the preservation regions. For theachievability results, multi-hop (MH), hierarchical cooperation (HC), andhybrid HC-MH schemes are utilized with some appropriate modifications. In theproposed MH and hybrid schemes, because the preservation regions may impedecommunication along direct data paths, the data paths are suitably modified bytaking a detour around each preservation region. To avoid the concentration ofdetours resulting extra relaying burdens, we distribute the detours evenly overa wide region. In the proposed HC scheme, we control the symbol power and thescheduling of distributed multiple-input multiple-output transmission. We alsopresent matching upper bounds on the throughput scaling under the assumptionthat every active LN consumes the same average transmit power over the timeperiod in which the WNs observe the channel outputs.
Parallel Performance of Molecular Dynamics Trajectory Analysis	2019	The performance of biomolecular molecular dynamics simulations has steadilyincreased on modern high performance computing resources but acceleration ofthe analysis of the output trajectories has lagged behind so that analyzingsimulations is becoming a bottleneck. To close this gap, we studied theperformance of parallel trajectory analysis with MPI and the Python MDAnalysislibrary on three different XSEDE supercomputers where trajectories were readfrom a Lustre parallel file system. Strong scaling performance was impeded bystragglers, MPI processes that were slower than the typical process. Stragglerswere less prevalent for compute-bound workloads, thus pointing to file readingas a bottleneck for scaling. However, a more complicated picture emerged inwhich both the computation and the data ingestion exhibited close to idealstrong scaling behavior whereas stragglers were primarily caused by eitherlarge MPI communication costs or long times to open the single sharedtrajectory file. We improved overall strong scaling performance by eithersubfiling (splitting the trajectory into separate files) or MPI-IO withParallel HDF5 trajectory files. The parallel HDF5 approach resulted in nearideal strong scaling on up to 384 cores (16 nodes), thus reducing trajectoryanalysis times by two orders of magnitude compared to the serial approach.
FC$^2$N: Fully Channel-Concatenated Network for Single Image  Super-Resolution	2019	Most current image super-resolution (SR) methods based on convolutionalneural networks (CNNs) use residual learning in network structural design,which favors to effective back propagation and hence improves SR performance byincreasing model scale. However, residual networks suffer from representationalredundancy by introducing identity paths that impede the full exploitation ofmodel capacity. Besides, blindly enlarging network scale can cause moreproblems in model training, even with residual learning. In this paper, a novelfully channel-concatenated network (FC$^2$N) is presented to make furthermining of representational capacity of deep models, in which all interlayerskips are implemented by a simple and straightforward operation, weightedchannel concatenation (WCC), followed by a 1$\times$1 conv layer. Based on theWCC, the model can achieve the joint attention mechanism of linear andnonlinear features in the network, and presents better performance than otheradvanced SR models with fewer model parameters. To our best knowledge, ourFC$^2$N is the first CNN model that achieves state-of-the-art performance withless than 10M parameters after EDSR, as well as the first CNN model that doesnot use residual learning and reaches network depth over 400 layers. Moreover,it shows excellent performance in both largescale and lightweightimplementations.
Compounding meta-atoms into meta-molecules with hybrid artificial  intelligence techniques	2019	Molecules composed of atoms exhibit properties not inherent to theirconstituent atoms. Similarly, meta-molecules consisting of multiple meta-atomspossess emerging features that the meta-atoms themselves do not possess.Metasurfaces composed of meta-molecules with spatially variant building blocks,such as gradient metasurfaces, are drawing substantial attention due to theirunconventional controllability of the amplitude, phase, and frequency of light.However, the intricate mechanisms and the large degrees of freedom of themulti-element systems impede an effective strategy for the design andoptimization of meta-molecules. Here, we propose a hybrid artificialintelligence-based framework consolidating compositional pattern-producingnetworks and cooperative coevolution to resolve the inverse design ofmeta-molecules in metasurfaces. The framework breaks the design of themeta-molecules into separate designs of meta-atoms, and independently solvesthe smaller design tasks of the meta-atoms through deep learning andevolutionary algorithms. We leverage the proposed framework to design metallicmeta-molecules for arbitrary manipulation of the polarization and wavefront oflight. Moreover, the efficacy and reliability of the design strategy areconfirmed through experimental validations. This framework reveals a promisingcandidate approach to expedite the design of large-scale metasurfaces in alabor-saving, systematic manner.
Modeling the computer memory based on the ferromagnet/superconductor  multilayers	2019	"A model of superconducting computer memory exploiting the orthogonal spintransfer (OST) in the pseudospin valve (PS) that is controlled by thethree-terminal Josephson superconducting-ferromagnetic transistor (SFT) isdeveloped. The building blocks of the memory are hybrid PS and SFT structures.The memory model is formulated in terms of the equation-defined PS and SFTdevices integrated into the PS/SFT memory cell (MC) circuit. Logical units ""0""and ""1"" are associated with the two PS states respectively characterized by twodifferent values of resistance. Elementary logical operations comprising theread/write processes occur when a word pulse applied to the SFT's injectorcoincides with the respective bit pulse acting on MC. Physically, a word pulsetriggers SFT to a resistive state, causing the PS switching between the logical""0"" and ""1"" states. Thus, the whole switching dynamics of MC depends on thenon-equilibrium and nonstationary properties of PS and SFT. Modeling the singleMC as well as the larger MC-based circuits comprising respectively twelve andthirty elements suggest that such the memory cells can undergo ultrafastswitching (sub-ns) and low energy consumption per operation (sub-100 fJ). Thesuggested model allows studying the influence of noises, punch-through effect,crosstalk, parasitic, etc. The obtained results suggest that the hybrid PS/SFTstructures are well-suited to superconducting computing circuits as they arebuilt of magnetic and non-magnetic transition metals and therefore have lowimpedances (1-30 Ohm)."
Anderson localization of two-dimensional massless pseudospin-1 Dirac  particles in a correlated random one-dimensional scalar potential	2019	We study theoretically Anderson localization of two-dimensional masslesspseudospin-1 Dirac particles in a random one-dimensional scalar potential. Wefocus explicitly on the effect of disorder correlations, considering ashort-range correlated dichotomous random potential at all strengths ofdisorder. We also consider a $\delta$-function correlated random potential atweak disorder. Using the invariant imbedding method, we calculate thelocalization length in a numerically precise way and analyze its dependencieson incident angle, disorder correlation length, disorder strength, energy,wavelength and average potential over a wide range of parameter values. Inaddition, we derive analytical formulas for the localization length, which arevery accurate in the weak and strong disorder regimes. From the Dirac equation,we obtain an expression for the effective wave impedance, using which weexplain several conditions for delocalization. We also deduce a condition underwhich the localization length vanishes. For all cases considered, thelocalization length depends non-monotonically on the disorder correlationlength and diverges as $\theta^{-4}$ as the incident angle $\theta$ goes tozero. As the disorder strength is varied from zero to infinity, we find thatthere appear three different scaling regimes. As the energy or wavelength isvaried from zero to infinity, there appear three or four different scalingregimes with different exponents, depending on the value of the averagepotential. The crossovers between different scaling regimes are explained interms of the disorder correlation effect.
Nonlinear Properties of Supercurrent-Carrying Single and Multi-Layer  Thin-Film Superconductors	2019	Superconducting thin-films are central to the operation of many kinds ofquantum sensors and quantum computing devices: Kinetic Inductance Detectors(KIDs), Travelling-Wave Parametric Amplifiers (TWPAs), Qubits, and Spin-basedQuantum Memory elements. In all cases, the nonlinearity resulting from thesupercurrent is a critical aspect of behaviour, either because it is central tothe operation of the device (TWPA), or because it results in non-idealsecond-order effects (KID).  Here we present an analysis of supercurrent carrying superconductingthin-films that is based on the generalized Usadel equations. Our analysisframework is suitable for both homogeneous and multilayer thin-films, and canbe used to calculate the resulting density of states, superconductingtransition temperature, superconducting critical current, complexconductivities, complex surface impedances, transmission line propagationconstants, and nonlinear kinetic inductances in the presence of supercurrent.Our analysis gives the scale of kinetic inductance nonlinearity (I*) for agiven material combination and geometry, and is important in optimizing thedesign of detectors and amplifiers in terms of materials, geometries, anddimensions.  To investigate the validity of our analysis across a wide range ofsupercurrent, we have measured the transition temperatures of superconductingthin-films as a function of DC supercurrent. These measurements show goodagreement with our theoretical predictions in the experimentally relevant rangeof current values.
Transverse Temperature Interfaces in the Katz-Lebowitz-Spohn Driven  Lattice Gas	2019	"We explore the intriguing spatial patterns that emerge in a two-dimensionalspatially inhomogeneous Katz-Lebowitz-Spohn (KLS) driven lattice gas withattractive nearest-neighbor interactions. The domain is split into two regionswith hopping rates governed by different temperatures T > T_c and T_c,respectively, where T_c indicates the critical temperature for phase ordering,and with the temperature boundaries oriented perpendicular to the drive. In thehotter region, the system behaves like the (totally) asymmetric exclusionprocesses (TASEP), and experiences particle blockage in front of the interfaceto the critical region. To explain this particle density accumulation near theinterface, we have measured the steady-state current in the KLS model at T >T_c and found it to decay as 1/T. In analogy with TASEP systems containing""slow"" bonds, we argue that transport in the high-temperature subsystem isimpeded by the lower current in the cooler region, which tends to set theglobal stationary particle current value. This blockage is induced by theextended particle clusters, growing logarithmically with system size, in thecritical region. We observe the density profiles in both high-andlow-temperature subsystems to be similar to the well-characterized coexistenceand maximal-current phases in (T)ASEP models with open boundary conditions,which are respectively governed by hyperbolic and trigonometric tangentfunctions. Yet if the lower temperature is set to T_c, we detect markedfluctuation corrections to the mean-field density profiles, e.g., thecorresponding critical KLS power law density decay near the interfaces into thecooler region."
A photonic crystal Josephson traveling wave parametric amplifier	2019	An amplifier combining noise performances as close as possible to the quantumlimit with large bandwidth and high saturation power is highly desirable formany solid state quantum technologies such as high fidelity qubit readout orhigh sensitivity electron spin resonance for example. Here we introduce a newTraveling Wave Parametric Amplifier based on Superconducting QUantumInterference Devices. It displays a 3 GHz bandwidth, a -102 dBm 1-dBcompression point and added noise near the quantum limit. Compared to previousstate-of-the-art, it is an order of magnitude more compact, its characteristicimpedance is in-situ tunable and its fabrication process requires only twolithography steps. The key is the engineering of a gap in the dispersionrelation of the transmission line. This is obtained using a periodic modulationof the SQUID size, similarly to what is done with photonic crystals. Moreover,we provide a new theoretical treatment to describe the non-trivial interplaybetween non-linearity and such periodicity. Our approach provides a path toco-integration with other quantum devices such as qubits given the lowfootprint and easy fabrication of our amplifier.
DropEdge: Towards Deep Graph Convolutional Networks on Node  Classification	2019	\emph{Over-fitting} and \emph{over-smoothing} are two main obstacles ofdeveloping deep Graph Convolutional Networks (GCNs) for node classification. Inparticular, over-fitting weakens the generalization ability on small dataset,while over-smoothing impedes model training by isolating output representationsfrom the input features with the increase in network depth. This paper proposesDropEdge, a novel and flexible technique to alleviate both issues. At its core,DropEdge randomly removes a certain number of edges from the input graph ateach training epoch, acting like a data augmenter and also a message passingreducer. Furthermore, we theoretically demonstrate that DropEdge either reducesthe convergence speed of over-smoothing or relieves the information loss causedby it. More importantly, our DropEdge is a general skill that can be equippedwith many other backbone models (e.g. GCN, ResGCN, GraphSAGE, and JKNet) forenhanced performance. Extensive experiments on several benchmarks verify thatDropEdge consistently improves the performance on a variety of both shallow anddeep GCNs. The effect of DropEdge on preventing over-smoothing is empiricallyvisualized and validated as well. Codes are releasedon~\url{https://github.com/DropEdge/DropEdge}.
Universal spin diffusion length in polycrystalline graphene	2019	Graphene grown by chemical vapor deposition (CVD) is the most promisingmaterial for industrial-scale applications based on graphene monolayers. Italso holds promise for spintronics; despite being polycrystalline, spintransport in CVD graphene has been measured over lengths up to 30 $\mu$m, whichis on par with the best measurements made in single-crystal graphene. Theseresults suggest that grain boundaries (GBs) in CVD graphene, while impedingcharge transport, may have little effect on spin transport. However, to datevery little is known about the true impact of disordered networks of GBs onspin relaxation. Here, by using first-principles simulations, we derive aneffective tight-binding model of graphene GBs in the presence of spin-orbitcoupling (SOC), which we then use to evaluate spin transport in realisticmorphologies of polycrystalline graphene. The spin diffusion length is found tobe independent of the grain size, and is determined only by the strength of thesubstrate-induced SOC. This result is consistent with the D'yakonov-Perel'mechanism of spin relaxation in the diffusive regime, but we find that it alsoholds in the presence of quantum interference. These results clarify the roleplayed by GBs and demonstrate that the average grain size does not dictate theupper limit for spin transport in CVD-grown graphene, a result of fundamentalimportance for optimizing large-scale graphene-based spintronic devices.
Atto-Nm Torque Sensing with a Macroscopic Optomechanical Torsion  Pendulum	2019	Precise measurements of the displacement of, and force acting on, amechanical oscillator can be performed by coupling the oscillator to an opticalcavity. Brownian thermal forces represent a fundamental limit to measurementsensitivity which impedes the ability to use precise force measurements as atool of fundamental enquiry, particularly in the context of macroscopic quantummeasurements and table-top gravitational experiments. A torsion pendulum with alow mechanical resonant frequency can be limited by very small thermal forces -from its suspensions - at frequencies above resonance. Here, we report torquesensing of a 10-mg torsion pendulum formed by a bar mirror, using two opticalcavities on either edge. The rotational mode was measured by subtracting thetwo signals from the cavities, while intracavity radiation pressure forces wereused to trap the torsional mode with a 1 kHz optical spring. The resultingtorque sensitivity of 20 aNm/$\sqrt{\rm Hz}$ is a record for a milligram scaletorsion pendulum. Such a massive optomechanical device featuring highsensitivity can shed light on macroscopic quantum mechanics and gravitationalphysics.
Efficient implementation of Cluster Expansion models in surface Kinetic  Monte Carlo simulations with lateral interactions: Subtraction Schemes,  Supersites and the Supercluster Contraction	2019	While lateral interaction models for reactions at surfaces have steadilygained popularity and grown in terms of complexity, their use in chemicalkinetics has been impeded by the low performance of current KMC algorithms. Theorigins of the additional computational cost in KMC simulations with lateralinteractions are traced back to the more elaborate Cluster ExpansionHamiltonian, the more extensive rate updating, and to the impracticality ofrate-catalog-based algorithms for interacting adsorbate systems. Favoringinstead site-based algorithms, we propose three ways to reduce the cost of KMCsimulations: 1. Represent the lattice energy by a smaller SuperclusterHamiltonian without loss of accuracy, 2. employing Subtraction Schemes forupdating key quantities in the simulation that undergo only small, localchanges during a reaction event, and 3. applying efficient search algorithmsfrom a set of established methods (Supersite Approach). The resulting algorithmis fixed-cost with respect to the number of lattice sites for practical latticesizes and scales with the square of the range of lateral interactions. Theoverall added cost of including a complex lateral interaction model amounts toless than a factor 3. Practical issues in implementation due to finitenumerical accuracy are discussed in detail, and further suggestions fortreating long-range lateral interactions are made. We conclude that, while KMCsimulations with complex lateral interaction models are challenging, thesechallenges can be overcome by modifying the established Variable Step SizeMethod by employing the Supercluster, Subtraction and Supersite algorithms(SSS-VSSM).
An approximate factorization method for inverse acoustic scattering with  phaseless near-field data	2019	This paper is concerned with the inverse acoustic scattering problem withphaseless near-field data at a fixed frequency. An approximate factorizationmethod is developed to numerically reconstruct both the location and shape ofthe unknown scatterer from the phaseless near-field data generated by incidentplane waves at a fixed frequency and measured on the circle $\partial B_R$ witha sufficiently large radius $R$. The theoretical analysis of our method isbased on the asymptotic property in the operator norm from $H^{1/2}({\mathbbS}^1)$ to $H^{-1/2}({\mathbb S}^1)$ of the phaseless near-field operatordefined in terms of the phaseless near-field data measured on $\partial B_R$with large enough $R$, where $H^s({\mathbb S}^1)$ is a Sobolev space on theunit circle ${\mathbb S}^1$ for real number $s$, together with thefactorization of a modified far-field operator. The asymptotic property of thephaseless near-field operator is also established in this paper with the theoryof oscillatory integrals. The unknown scatterer can be either an impenetrableobstacle of sound-soft, sound-hard or impedance type or an inhomogeneous mediumwith a compact support, and the proposed inversion algorithm does not need toknow the boundary condition of the unknown obstacle in advance. Numericalexamples are also carried out to demonstrate the effectiveness of our inversionmethod. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first attempt to develop afactorization type method for inverse scattering problems with phaseless data.
Modular Verification of Heap Reachability Properties in Separation Logic	2019	The correctness of many algorithms and data structures depends onreachability properties, that is, on the existence of chains of referencesbetween objects in the heap. Reasoning about reachability is difficult for twomain reasons. First, any heap modification may affect an unbounded number ofreference chains, which complicates modular verification, in particular,framing. Second, general graph reachability is not supported by SMT solvers,which impedes automatic verification. In this paper, we present a modularspecification and verification technique for reachability properties inseparation logic. For each method, we specify reachability only locally withinthe fragment of the heap on which the method operates. A novel form ofreachability framing for relatively convex subheaps allows one to extendreachability properties from the heap fragment of a callee to the largerfragment of its caller, enabling precise procedure-modular reasoning. Ourtechnique supports practically important heap structures, namely acyclic graphswith a bounded outdegree as well as (potentially cyclic) graphs with at mostone path (modulo cycles) between each pair of nodes. The integration intoseparation logic allows us to reason about reachability and other properties ina uniform way, to verify concurrent programs, and to automate our technique viaexisting separation logic verifiers. We demonstrate that our verificationtechnique is amenable to SMT-based verification by encoding a number ofbenchmark examples into the Viper verification infrastructure.
Optimizing Differential Identifiability Improves Connectome Predictive  Modeling of Cognitive Deficits in Alzheimer's Disease	2019	Functional connectivity, as estimated using resting state fMRI, has shownpotential in bridging the gap between pathophysiology and cognition. However,clinical use of functional connectivity biomarkers is impeded by unreliableestimates of individual functional connectomes and lack of generalizability ofmodels predicting cognitive outcomes from connectivity. To address theseissues, we combine the frameworks of connectome predictive modeling anddifferential identifiability. Using the combined framework, we show thatenhancing the individual fingerprint of resting state functional connectomesleads to robust identification of functional networks associated to cognitiveoutcomes and also improves prediction of cognitive outcomes from functionalconnectomes. Using a comprehensive spectrum of cognitive outcomes associated toAlzheimer's disease, we identify and characterize functional networksassociated to specific cognitive deficits exhibited in Alzheimer's disease.This combined framework is an important step in making individual levelpredictions of cognition from resting state functional connectomes and inunderstanding the relationship between cognition and connectivity.
Recent Advances in Frequency-Multiplexed TES Readout: Vastly Reduced  Parasitics and an Increase in Multiplexing Factor with sub-Kelvin SQUIDs	2019	Cosmic microwave background (CMB) measurements are fundamentally limited byphoton statistics. Therefore, ground-based CMB observatories have beenincreasing the number of detectors that are simultaneously observing the sky.Thanks to the advent of monolithically fabricated transition edge sensor (TES)arrays, the number of on-sky detectors has been increasing exponentially forover a decade. The next-generation experiment CMB-S4 will increase thisdetector count by more than an order of magnitude from the currentstate-of-the-art to ~500,000. The readout of such a huge number of exquisitelyprecise sub-Kelvin sensors is feasible using an existing technology:frequency-domain multiplexing (fMux). To further optimize this system andreduce complexity and cost, we have recently made significant advancesincluding the elimination of 4 K electronics, a massive decrease of parasiticin-series impedances, and a significant increase in multiplexing factor.
Secure Cloud Assisted Smart Cars Using Dynamic Groups and Attribute  Based Access Control	2019	Future smart cities and intelligent world will have connected vehicles andsmart cars as its indispensable and most essential components. Thecommunication and interaction among such connected entities in this vehicularinternet of things (IoT) domain, which also involves smart trafficinfrastructure, road-side sensors, restaurant with beacons, autonomousemergency vehicles, etc., offer innumerable real-time user applications andprovide safer and pleasant driving experience to consumers. Having more than100 million lines of code and hundreds of sensors, these connected vehicles(CVs) expose a large attack surface, which can be remotely compromised andexploited by malicious attackers. Security and privacy are serious concernsthat impede the adoption of smart connected cars, which if not properlyaddressed will have grave implications with risk to human life and limb. Inthis research, we present a formalized dynamic groups and attribute-basedaccess control (ABAC) model (referred as \cvac) for smart cars ecosystem, wherethe proposed model not only considers system wide attributes-based securitypolicies but also takes into account the individual user privacy preferencesfor allowing or denying service notifications, alerts and operations toon-board resources. Further, we introduce a novel notion of groups in vehicularIoT, which are dynamically assigned to moving entities like connected cars,based on their current GPS coordinates, speed or other attributes, to ensurerelevance of location and time sensitive notification services to theconsumers, to provide administrative benefits to manage large numbers of smartentities, and to enable attributes and alerts inheritance for fine-grainedsecurity authorization policies. We present proof of concept implementation ofour model in AWS cloud platform demonstrating real-world uses cases along withperformance metrics.
Na-ion diffusion and electrochemical performance of NaVO$_3$ anode in  Li/Na batteries	2019	We study Na ion diffusion and electrochemical performance of NaVO$_3$ (NVO)as anode material in Li/Na--ion batteries with the specific capacity of$\approx$350 mAhg$^{-1}$ at the current density 11~mAg$^{-1}$ after 300 cycles.Remarkably, the capacity retains $\ge$200~mAhg$^{-1}$ even after 400~cycles at44~mAg$^{-1}$ with Coulombic efficiency $>$99\%. The deduced diffusioncoefficient from galvanostatic intermittent titration technique (GITT),electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) and cyclic voltammetry (CV)measurements for NVO as anode in Li--ion battery is in the range of10$^{-10}$--10$^{-12}$~cm$^2$s$^{-1}$. In case of Na-ion batteries, the NVOelectrode exhibits initial capacity of 385~mAhg$^{-1}$ at 7~mAg$^{-1}$ currentrate, but the capacity degradation is relatively faster in subsequent cycles.We find the diffusion coefficient of NVO--Na cells similar to that of NVO--Li.On the other hand, our charge discharge measurements suggest that the overallperformance of NVO anode is better in Li--ion battery than Na-ion. Moreover, weuse the density functional theory to simulate the energetics of Na vacancyformation in the bulk of the NVO structure, which is found to be 0.88~eV higherthan that of the most stable (100) surface. Thus, the Na ion incorporation atthe surface of the electrode material is more facile compared to the bulk.
Low-noise HEMTs for Coherent Elastic Neutrino Scattering and Low-Mass  Dark Matter Cryogenic Semiconductor Detectors	2019	We present the noise performance of High Electron Mobility Transistors (HEMT)developed by CNRS-C2N laboratory. Various HEMT's gate geometries with 2 pF to230 pF input capacitance have been studied at 4 K. A model for both voltage andcurrent noises has been developed with frequency dependence up to 1 MHz. TheseHEMTs exhibit low dissipation, excellent noise performance and canadvantageously replace traditional Si-JFETs for the readout of high impedancethermal sensor and semiconductor ionization cryogenic detectors. Our modelpredicts that cryogenic germanium detectors of 30 g with 10 eV heat and 20 eVeebaseline resolution are feasible if read out by HEMT based amplifiers. Suchresolution allows for high discrimination between nuclear and electron recoilsat low threshold. This capability is of major interest for Coherent ElasticNeutrino Scattering and low-mass dark matter experiments such as Ricochet andEDELWEISS.
Dual-attention Focused Module for Weakly Supervised Object Localization	2019	The research on recognizing the most discriminative regions providesreferential information for weakly supervised object localization with onlyimage-level annotations. However, the most discriminative regions usuallyconceal the other parts of the object, thereby impeding entire objectrecognition and localization. To tackle this problem, the Dual-attentionFocused Module (DFM) is proposed to enhance object localization performance.Specifically, we present a dual attention module for information fusion,consisting of a position branch and a channel one. In each branch, the inputfeature map is deduced into an enhancement map and a mask map, therebyhighlighting the most discriminative parts or hiding them. For the positionmask map, we introduce a focused matrix to enhance it, which utilizes theprinciple that the pixels of an object are continuous. Between these twobranches, the enhancement map is integrated with the mask map, aiming atpartially compensating the lost information and diversifies the features. Withthe dual-attention module and focused matrix, the entire object region could beprecisely recognized with implicit information. We demonstrate outperformingresults of DFM in experiments. In particular, DFM achieves state-of-the-artperformance in localization accuracy in ILSVRC 2016 and CUB-200-2011.
Four-Arm Manipulation via Feet Interfaces	2019	We seek to augment human manipulation by enabling humans to control tworobotic arms in addition to their natural arms using their feet. Thereby, thehands are free to perform tasks of high dexterity, while the feet-controlledarms perform tasks requiring lower dexterity, such as supporting a load. Therobotic arms are tele-operated through two foot interfaces that transmittranslation and rotation to the end effector of the manipulator. Hapticfeedback is provided for the human to perceive contact and change in load andto adapt the feet pressure accordingly.  Existing foot interfaces have been used primarily for a single foot controland are limited in range of motion and number of degrees of freedom they cancontrol. This paper presents foot-interfaces specifically made for bipedalcontrol, with a workspace suitable for two feet operation and in five degreesof freedom each. This paper also presents a position-force teleoperationcontroller based on Impedance Control modulated through Dynamical Systems fortrajectory generation. Finally, an initial validation of the platform ispresented, whereby a user grasps an object with both feet and generates variousdisturbances while the object is supported by the feet.
Analytical approximations for the dispersion of electromagnetic modes in  slabs of biaxial crystals	2019	Anisotropic crystals have recently attracted considerable attention becauseof their ability to support polaritons with a variety of unique properties,such as hyperbolic dispersion, negative phase velocity, or extreme confinement.Particularly, the biaxial crystal $\alpha$-MoO$_3$ has been demonstrated tosupport phonon polaritons, light coupled to lattice vibrations, with in-planeanisotropic propagation and unusually long lifetime. However, the lack oftheoretical studies on electromagnetic modes in biaxial crystal slabs impedes acomplete interpretation of the experimental data, as well as an efficientdesign of nanostructures supporting such highly anisotropic polaritons. Here,we derive the dispersion relation of electromagnetic modes in biaxial slabssurrounded by semi-infinite isotropic dielectric half-spaces with arbitrarydielectric permittivities. Apart from a general dispersion relation, we providevery simple analytical expressions in typical experiments in nano-optics: thelimits of short polaritonic wavelength and/or very thin slabs. The results ofour study will allow for an in-depth analysis of anisotropic polaritons innovel biaxial van der Waals materials.
Maximally manipulable vision-based motion planning for robotic  rough-cutting on arbitrarily shaped surfaces	2019	This paper presents a method for constrained motion planning from vision,which enables a robot to move its end-effector over an observed surface, givenstart and destination points. The robot has no prior knowledge of the surfaceshape, but observes it from a noisy point-cloud camera. We consider themulti-objective optimisation problem of finding robot trajectories whichmaximise the robot's manipulability throughout the motion, while alsominimising surface-distance travelled between the two points. This work hasapplication in industrial problems of \textit{rough} robotic cutting,\textit{e.g.} demolition of legacy nuclear plant, where the cut path need notbe precise as long as it achieves dismantling. We show how detours in the cutpath can be leveraged, to increase the manipulability of the robot at allpoints along the path. This helps avoid singularities, while maximising therobot's capability to make small deviations during task execution,\textit{e.g.} compliantly responding to cutting forces via impedance control.We show how a sampling-based planner can be projected onto the Riemannianmanifold of a curved surface, and extended to include a term which maximisesmanipulability. We present the results of empirical experiments, with bothsimulated and real robots, which are tasked with moving over a variety ofdifferent surface shapes. Our planner enables successful task completion, whileavoiding singularities and ensuring significantly greater manipulability whencompared against a conventional RRT* planner.
Spin Transport in Thick Insulating Antiferromagnetic Films	2019	Spin transport of magnonic excitations in uniaxial insulatingantiferromagnets (AFs) is investigated. In linear response to spin biasing anda temperature gradient, the spin transport properties ofnormal-metal--insulating antiferromagnet--normal-metal heterostructures arecalculated. We focus on the thick-film regime, where the AF is thicker than themagnon equilibration length. This regime allows the use of a drift-diffusionapproach, which is opposed to the thin-film limit considered by Bender {\it etal.} 2017, where a stochastic approach is justified. We obtain the temperature-and thickness-dependence of the structural spin Seebeck coefficient$\mathcal{S}$ and magnon conductance $\mathcal{G}$. In their evaluation weincorporate effects from field- and temperature-dependent spin conservinginter-magnon scattering processes. Furthermore, the interfacial spin transportis studied by evaluating the contact magnon conductances in a microscopic modelthat accounts for the sub-lattice symmetry breaking at the interface. We findthat while inter-magnon scattering does slightly suppress the spin Seebeckeffect, transport is generally unaffected, with the relevant spin decay lengthbeing determined by non-magnon-conserving processes such as Gilbert damping. Inaddition, we find that while the structural spin conductance may be enhancednear the spin flip transition, it does not diverge due to spin impedance at thenormal metal|magnet interfaces.
An Adaptive Parareal Algorithm	2019	In this paper, we consider the problem of accelerating the numericalsimulation of time dependent problems by time domain decomposition. Theavailable algorithms enabling such decompositions present severe efficiencylimitations and are an obstacle for the solution of large scale and highdimensional problems. Our main contribution is the improvement of the parallelefficiency of the parareal in time method. The parareal method is based oncombining predictions made by a numerically inexpensive solver (with coarsephysics and/or coarse resolution) with corrections coming from an expensivesolver (with high-fidelity physics and high resolution). At convergence, thealgorithm provides a solution that has the fine solver's high-fidelity physicsand high resolution. In the classical version, the fine solver has a fixed highaccuracy which is the major obstacle to achieve a competitive parallelefficiency. In this paper, we develop an adaptive variant that overcomes thisobstacle by dynamically increasing the accuracy of the fine solver across theparareal iterations. We theoretically show that the parallel efficiency becomesvery competitive in the ideal case where the cost of the coarse solver issmall, thus proving that the only remaining factors impeding full scalabilitybecome the cost of the coarse solver and communication time. The developedtheory has also the merit of setting a general framework to understand thesuccess of several extensions of parareal based on iteratively improving thequality of the fine solver and re-using information from previous pararealsteps. We illustrate the actual performance of the method in stiff ODEs, whichare a challenging family of problems since the only mechanism for adaptivity istime and efficiency is affected by the cost of the coarse solver.
Anomalous normal fluid response in a chiral superconductor	2019	A chiral superconductor has been proposed as one pathway to realizetopological quantum computation utilizing the predicted Majorana normal fluidat its boundary (i.e., a point, edge, or surface). The search for experimentalrealizations has led to the discovery of 1D and 2D chiral superconductingsystems. However, the long-sought 3D chiral superconductor with surfaceMajorana normal fluid is yet to be found. Here we report evidence for a chiralspin-triplet pairing state of UTe2 with significant surface normal fluidresponse. The microwave surface impedance of UTe2 crystals was measured andconverted to complex conductivity. The anomalous residual normal fluidconductivity in the zero temperature limit supports the presence of asignificant normal fluid response. The superfluid conductivity follows the lowtemperature behavior predicted for the chiral spin-triplet state. Thetemperature dependence of the superfluid conductivity also reveals a lowimpurity scattering rate and low frequency-to-energy-gap ratio, implying thatthe observed normal fluid response does not have a trivial origin. Our findingssuggest that UTe2 can be a new platform to study exotic topological excitationsin higher dimension, and may play the role of a versatile 3D building block inthe future era of topological quantum computation.
Meaningful causal decompositions in health equity research: definition,  identification, and estimation through a weighting framework	2019	Causal decomposition analyses can contribute to the evidence base forinterventions that address health inequities. Through study design andassumptions, they rule out alternate explanations such as confounding,selection-bias, and measurement error. However, their practical use is impededby critical challenges. First, current approaches pay little attention to whatvariables a disparity measure itself should condition on or standardize over.Second, current approaches have ignored what hypothetical interventions shouldcondition on and thus may not reflect equity concerns that actualinterventionists would respect. Third, there are several estimators across theepidemiology and economics literature but their incorporation of equity valuejudgements has not been examined, and these do not cover many of the ways inwhich disparities and hypothetical interventions may be defined. In this paper,motivated by the clinical example of treatment intensification and hypertensioncontrol disparities, we address these issues of defining and estimatingmeaningful causal decompositions. We present a framework that explicitlyconsiders what the disparity measure and hypothetical intervention account forand how these choices can be mapped to notions of equity. For these generalestimands we provide identifying assumptions and estimators based onadaptations of ratio-of-mediator probability and inverse-odds-ratio weightingand evaluate their statistical performance.
HealthGuard: A Machine Learning-Based Security Framework for Smart  Healthcare Systems	2019	"The integration of Internet-of-Things and pervasive computing in medicaldevices have made the modern healthcare system ""smart"". Today, the function ofthe healthcare system is not limited to treat the patients only. With the helpof implantable medical devices and wearables, Smart Healthcare System (SHS) cancontinuously monitor different vital signs of a patient and automaticallydetect and prevent critical medical conditions. However, these increasingfunctionalities of SHS raise several security concerns and attackers canexploit the SHS in numerous ways: they can impede normal function of the SHS,inject false data to change vital signs, and tamper a medical device to changethe outcome of a medical emergency. In this paper, we propose HealthGuard, anovel machine learning-based security framework to detect malicious activitiesin a SHS. HealthGuard observes the vital signs of different connected devicesof a SHS and correlates the vitals to understand the changes in body functionsof the patient to distinguish benign and malicious activities. HealthGuardutilizes four different machine learning-based detection techniques (ArtificialNeural Network, Decision Tree, Random Forest, k-Nearest Neighbor) to detectmalicious activities in a SHS. We trained HealthGuard with data collected foreight different smart medical devices for twelve benign events including sevennormal user activities and five disease-affected events. Furthermore, weevaluated the performance of HealthGuard against three different maliciousthreats. Our extensive evaluation shows that HealthGuard is an effectivesecurity framework for SHS with an accuracy of 91% and an F-1 score of 90%."
Physical properties in nano-crystalline Ho$_2$CoMnO$_6$	2019	3$d$ based double perovskite materials have received much attention in recentyears due to their exotic magnetic structure and magneto-electric coupling. Inthis work we have prepared and studied the nano-crystalline sample ofHo$_2$CoMnO$_6$. Structural, magnetic, Raman and dielectric properties havebeen studied in detail. The structural analysis shows that the samplecrystallize in monoclanic crystal structure with $\textit{P2$_1$/n}$ phasegroup. The X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy have been employed to confirms thecharge state of cations presents in the material. Magnetic study shows that thesample undergoes a paramagnetic to ferromagnetic phase transition around $T_c$$\sim$85 K. The isothermal magnetization measurements shows hysteresis curvehence confirm ferromagnetic behavior at low temperature. Temperature dependentRaman study reveals that there is spin phonon coupling in the sample marked bydeviation in phonon mode from anharmonic behavior. Dielectric response ofHo$_2$CoMnO$_6$ shows the large dispersion and large dielectric constant.Impedance spectroscopy and electrical modulus study reveal that system showsdeviation from ideal Debye model. AC conductivity have been studied as afunction of both temperature and frequency. We found that the conductionmechanism is obeyed by Jonscher's model. The exponent factor $n$ is suggestthat the material deviates from ideal Debye model.
Core-Shell Nanofiber Containing Large Amount of Flame Retardants via  Coaxial Dual-Nozzle Electrospinning as Battery Separators	2019	Lithium-ion batteries have attracted enormous interests recently as promisingpower sources. However, the safety issue associated with the employment ofhighly flammable liquid electrolyte impedes the further development ofnext-generation lithium-ion batteries. Recently, researchers reported the useof electrospun core-shell fiber as the battery separator consisting of polymerlayer as protective shell and flame retardants loaded inside as core. In caseof a typical battery shorting, the protective polymer shell melts duringthermal-runaway and the flame retardants inside would be released to suppressthe combustion of the electrolyte. Due to the use of a single precursorsolution for electrospinning containing both polymer and flame retardants, theweight ratio of flame retardants is limited and dependent. Herein, we developeda dual-nozzle, coaxial electrospinning approach to fabricate the core-shellnanofiber with a greatly enhanced flame retardants weight percentage in thefinal fibers. The weight ratio of flame retardants of triphenyl phosphate inthe final composite reaches over 60 wt.%. The LiFePO4-based cell using thiscomposite nanofiber as battery separator exhibits excellent flame-retardantproperty without compromising the cycling stability or rate performances. Inaddition, this functional nanofiber can also be coated onto commercialseparators instead of being used directly as separators.
Global Sparse Momentum SGD for Pruning Very Deep Neural Networks	2019	Deep Neural Network (DNN) is powerful but computationally expensive andmemory intensive, thus impeding its practical usage on resource-constrainedfront-end devices. DNN pruning is an approach for deep model compression, whichaims at eliminating some parameters with tolerable performance degradation. Inthis paper, we propose a novel momentum-SGD-based optimization method to reducethe network complexity by on-the-fly pruning. Concretely, given a globalcompression ratio, we categorize all the parameters into two parts at eachtraining iteration which are updated using different rules. In this way, wegradually zero out the redundant parameters, as we update them using only theordinary weight decay but no gradients derived from the objective function. Asa departure from prior methods that require heavy human works to tune thelayer-wise sparsity ratios, prune by solving complicated non-differentiableproblems or finetune the model after pruning, our method is characterized by 1)global compression that automatically finds the appropriate per-layer sparsityratios; 2) end-to-end training; 3) no need for a time-consuming re-trainingprocess after pruning; and 4) superior capability to find better winningtickets which have won the initialization lottery.
Transurethral ultrasound therapy of the prostate in the presence of  calcifications: A simulation study	2019	Purpose: Transurethral ultrasound therapy is an investigational treatmentmodality which could potentially be used for the localized treatment ofprostate cancer. One of the limiting factors of this therapy is prostaticcalcifications. These attenuate and reflect ultrasound and thus reduce theefficacy of the heating. The aim of this study is to investigate how prostaticcalcifications affect therapeutic efficacy, and to identify the best sonicationstrategy when calcifications are present. Methods: Realistic computationalmodels were used on clinical patient data in order to simulate differenttherapeutic situations with naturally occurring calcifications as well asartificial calcifications of different sizes (1-10 mm) and distances (5-15 mm).Furthermore, different sonication strategies were tested in order to delivertherapy to the untreated tissue regions behind the calcifications. Results: Thepresence of calcifications in front of the ultrasound field was found toincrease the peak pressure by 100% on average while the maximum temperatureonly rose by 9% during a 20-s sonication. Losses in ultrasound energy were dueto the relatively large acoustic impedance mismatch between the prostate tissueand the calcifications (1.63 vs 3.20 MRayl) and high attenuation coefficient(0.78 vs 2.64 dB/MHz^1.1/cm), which together left untreated tissue regionsbehind the calcifications. In addition, elevated temperatures were seen in theregion between the transducer and the calcifications. Lower sonicationfrequencies (1-4 MHz) were not able to penetrate through the calcificationseffectively, but longer sonication durations (20-60 s) with selectivetransducer elements were effective in treating the tissue regions behind thecalcifications.
Structural, electrical and energy storage properties of BaO Na2O Nb2O5  WO3 P2O5 glass ceramics system	2019	Ferroelectric glass-ceramics are promising composite materials with dualproperties, of high dielectric permittivity and high dielectric breakdownstrength. In this context, new phosphate glass-ceramics 2BaO-0.5Na2O2.5[(1-x)Nb2O5 xWO3]-1P2O5 (x=0, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4) designated as B0, B1,B2, B3, B4 respectively, were prepared by the controlled crystallizationtechnology and then crystallized at high temperature of 760 {\deg}C for 10hours. Subsequently, the obtained glass-ceramics were studied by DifferentialScanning Calorimetry (DSC), X-ray powder diffraction (XRD), Raman, impedancespectroscopy, and the P-E hysteresis loops. All of these techniques allowed theidentification of Ba2Na4W2Nb8O30 phase with tungsten bronze structure embeddedin the glassy matrix. The density of glass-ceramics was found to increase withincreasing tungsten content to reach a maximum at x =0.3 and then decreases.Dielectric and conductivity parameters were found to be governed by thepresence of oxygen vacancies. Room temperature energy storage property whichdepends on the composition X, was performed using P-E hysteresis loops of theglass-ceramics. The optimum discharge density was obtained for B3 with anenergy efficiency of 73.77%.
Minimization based formulations of inverse problems and their  regularization	2019	The conventional way of formulating inverse problems such as identificationof a (possibly infinite dimensional) parameter, is via some forward operator,which is the concatenation of the observation operator with theparameter-to-state-map for the underlying model. Recently, all-at-onceformulations have been considered as an alternative to this reducedformulation, avoiding the use of a parameter-to-state map, which wouldsometimes lead to too restrictive conditions. Here the model and theobservation are considered simultaneously as one large system with the stateand the parameter as unknowns. A still more general formulation of inverseproblems, containing both the reduced and the all-at-once formulation, but alsothe well-known and highly versatile so-called variational approach (also calledKohn-Vogelius functional approach) as special cases, is to formulate theinverse problem as a minimization problem -- instead of an equation -- for thestate and parameter. Regularization can be incorporated via imposingconstraints and/or adding regularization terms to the objective. In this paper,after giving a motivation by formulating the electrical impedance tomography(EIT) problem by means of the classical Kohn-Vogelius functional, we will dwellon the regularization aspects for such variational formulations in an abstractsetting. Indeed, combination of regularization by constraints and bypenalization leads to new methods that are applicable without solving forwardproblems. In particular, for the EIT problem we will consider a methodemploying box constraints in a very natural manner to incorporate thediscrepancy principle for regularization parameter choice as well as a prioriinformation on the searched for conductivity.
Radio-frequency detected fast charge sensing in undoped silicon quantum  dots	2019	Spin qubits in silicon quantum dots offer a promising platform for a quantumcomputer as they have a long coherence time and scalability. The charge sensingtechnique plays an essential role in reading out the spin qubit as well astuning the device parameters and therefore its performance in terms ofmeasurement bandwidth and sensitivity is an important factor in spin qubitexperiments. Here we demonstrate fast and sensitive charge sensing by aradio-frequency reflectometry of an undoped, accumulation-mode Si/SiGe doublequantum dot. We show that the large parasitic capacitance in typicalaccumulation-mode gate geometries impedes reflectometry measurements. Wepresent a gate geometry that significantly reduces the parasitic capacitanceand enables fast single-shot readout. The technique allows us to distinguishbetween the singly- and doubly-occupied two-electron states under the Paulispin blockade condition in an integration time of 0.8 {\mu}s, the shortestvalue ever reported in silicon, by the signal-to-noise ratio of 6. Theseresults provide a guideline for designing silicon spin qubit devices suitablefor the fast and high-fidelity readout.
Scalable Memdiodes Exhibiting Rectification and Hysteresis for  Neuromorphic Computing	2019	Metal-Nb$_{2}$O$_{5-x}$-metal memdiodes exhibiting rectification, hysteresis,and capacitance are demonstrated for applications in neuromorphic circuitry.These devices do not require any post-fabrication treatments such as filamentcreation by electroforming that would impede circuit scalability. Instead thesedevices operate due to Poole-Frenkel defect controlled transport where the highdefect density is inherent to the Nb$_{2}$O$_{5-x}$ deposition rather thanpost-fabrication treatments. Temperature dependent measurements reveal that thedominant trap energy is 0.22 eV suggesting it results from the oxygendeficiencies in the amorphous Nb$_{2}$O$_{5-x}$. Rectification occurs due to atransition from thermionic emission to tunneling current and is present even inthick devices (> 100 nm) due to charge trapping which controls the tunnelingdistance. The turn-on voltage is linearly proportional to the Schottky barrierheight and, in contrast to traditional metal-insulator-metal diodes, islogarithmically proportional to the device thickness. Hysteresis in the I-Vcurve occurs due to the current limited filling of traps.
High performance waveguide uni-travelling carrier photodiode grown by  solid source molecular beam epitaxy	2019	The first waveguide coupled phosphide-based UTC photodiodes grown by SolidSource Molecular Beam Epitaxy (SSMBE) are reported in this paper. Metal OrganicVapour Phase Epitaxy (MOVPE) and Gas Source MBE (GSMBE) have long been thepredominant growth techniques for the production of high quality InGaAsPmaterials. The use of SSMBE overcomes the major issue associated with theunintentional diffusion of zinc in MOVPE and gives the benefit of the superiorcontrol provided by MBE growth techniques without the costs and the risks ofhandling toxic gases of GSMBE. The UTC epitaxial structure contains a 300 nmn-InP collection layer and a 300 nm n++-InGaAsP waveguide layer. UTC-PDsintegrated with Coplanar Waveguides (CPW) exhibit 3 dB bandwidth greater than65 GHz and output RF power of 1.1 dBm at 100 GHz. We also demonstrate accurateprediction of the absolute level of power radiated by our antenna integratedUTCs, between 200 GHz and 260 GHz, using 3d full-wave modelling and taking theUTC-to-antenna impedance match into account. Further, we present the firstoptical 3d full-wave modelling of waveguide UTCs, which provides a detailedinsight into the coupling between a lensed optical fibre and the UTC chip.
Improved evaluation of deep-level transient spectroscopy on perovskite  solar cells reveals ionic defect distribution	2019	One of the key challenges for future development of efficient and stablemetal halide perovskite solar cells is related to the migration of ions inthese materials. Mobile ions have been linked to the observation of hysteresisin the current--voltage characteristics, shown to reduce device stabilityagainst degradation and act as recombination centers within the band gap of theactive layer. In the literature one finds a broad spread of reported ionicdefect parameters (e.g. activation energies) for seemingly similar perovskitematerials, rendering the identification of the nature of these speciesdifficult. In this work, we performed temperature dependent deep-leveltransient spectroscopy (DLTS) measurements on methylammonium lead iodideperovskite solar cells and developed a extended regularization algorithm forinverting the Laplace transform. Our results indicate that mobile ions form adistribution of emission rates (i.e. a distribution of diffusion constants) foreach observed ionic species, which may be responsible for the differences inthe previously reported defect parameters. Importantly, different DLTS modessuch as optical and current DLTS yield the same defect distributions. Finallythe comparison of our results with conventional boxcar DLTS and impedancespectroscopy (IS) verifies our evaluation algorithm.
HiGitClass: Keyword-Driven Hierarchical Classification of GitHub  Repositories	2019	GitHub has become an important platform for code sharing and scientificexchange. With the massive number of repositories available, there is apressing need for topic-based search. Even though the topic label functionalityhas been introduced, the majority of GitHub repositories do not have anylabels, impeding the utility of search and topic-based analysis. This worktargets the automatic repository classification problem as\textit{keyword-driven hierarchical classification}. Specifically, users onlyneed to provide a label hierarchy with keywords to supply as supervision. Thissetting is flexible, adaptive to the users' needs, accounts for the differentgranularity of topic labels and requires minimal human effort. We identifythree key challenges of this problem, namely (1) the presence of multi-modalsignals; (2) supervision scarcity and bias; (3) supervision format mismatch. Inrecognition of these challenges, we propose the \textsc{HiGitClass} framework,comprising of three modules: heterogeneous information network embedding;keyword enrichment; topic modeling and pseudo document generation. Experimentalresults on two GitHub repository collections confirm that \textsc{HiGitClass}is superior to existing weakly-supervised and dataless hierarchicalclassification methods, especially in its ability to integrate both structuredand unstructured data for repository classification.
Deep learning for accelerating Monte Carlo radiation transport  simulation in intensity-modulated radiation therapy	2019	Cancer is a primary cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Theradiotherapy plays a more and more important role in cancer treatment. In theradiotherapy, the dose distribution maps in patient need to be calculated andevaluated for the purpose of killing tumor and protecting healthy tissue. MonteCarlo (MC) radiation transport calculation is able to account for all aspectsof radiological physics within 3D heterogeneous media such as the human bodyand generate the dose distribution maps accurately. However, an MC calculationfor doses in radiotherapy usually takes a great mass of time to achieveacceptable statistical uncertainty, impeding the MC methods from wider clinicapplications. Here we introduce a convolutional neural network (CNN), termed asMonte Carlo Denoising Net (MCDNet), to achieve the acceleration of the MC dosecalculations in radiotherapy, which is trained to directly predict thehigh-photon (noise-free) dose maps from the low-photon (noise-much) dose maps.Thirty patients with postoperative rectal cancer who acceptedintensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) were enrolled in this study. 3DGamma Index Passing Rate (GIPR) is used to evaluate the performance ofpredicted dose maps. The experimental results demonstrate that the MCDNet canimprove the GIPR of dose maps of 1x107 photons over that of 1x108 photons,yielding over 10x speed-up in terms of photon numbers used in the MCsimulations of IMRT. It is of great potential to investigate the performance ofthis method on the other tumor sites and treatment modalities.
Atomically Controlled Tunable Doping in High Performance WSe2 Devices	2019	Two-dimensional transitional metal dichalcogenide (TMD) field-effecttransistors (FETs) are promising candidates for future electronic applications,owing to their excellent transport properties and potential for ultimate devicescaling. However, it is widely acknowledged that substantial contact resistanceassociated with the contact-TMD interface has impeded device performance to alarge extent. It has been discovered that O2 plasma treatment can convert WSe2into WO3-x and substantially improve contact resistances of p-type WSe2 devicesby strong doping induced thinner depletion width. In this paper, we carefullystudy the temperature dependence of this conversion, demonstrating an oxidationprocess with a precise monolayer control at room temperature and multilayerconversion at elevated temperatures. Furthermore, the lateral oxidation of WSe2under the contact revealed by HR-STEM leads to potential unpinning of the metalFermi level and Schottky barrier lowering, resulting in lower contactresistances. The p-doping effect is attributed to the high electron affinity ofthe formed WO3-x layer on top of the remaining WSe2 channel, and the dopinglevel is found to be dependent on the WO3-x thickness that is controlled by thetemperature. Comprehensive materials and electrical characterizations arepresented, with a low contact resistance of ~528 ohm-um and record highon-state current of 320 uA/um at -1V bias being reported.
Teach Biped Robots to Walk via Gait Principles and Reinforcement  Learning with Adversarial Critics	2019	Controlling a biped robot to walk stably is a challenging task consideringits nonlinearity and hybrid dynamics. Reinforcement learning can address theseissues by directly mapping the observed states to optimal actions that maximizethe cumulative reward. However, the local minima caused by unsuitable rewardsand the overestimation of the cumulative reward impede the maximization of thecumulative reward. To increase the cumulative reward, this paper designs a gaitreward based on walking principles, which compensates the local minima forunnatural motions. Besides, an Adversarial Twin Delayed Deep Deterministic(ATD3) policy gradient algorithm with a recurrent neural network (RNN) isproposed to further boost the cumulative reward by mitigating theoverestimation of the cumulative reward. Experimental results in the RoboschoolWalker2d and Webots Atlas simulators indicate that the test rewards increase by23.50% and 9.63% after adding the gait reward. The test rewards furtherincrease by 15.96% and 12.68% after using the ATD3_RNN, and the reason may bethat the ATD3_RNN decreases the error of estimating cumulative reward from19.86% to 3.35%. Besides, the cosine kinetic similarity between the human andthe biped robot trained by the gait reward and ATD3_RNN increases by over69.23%. Consequently, the designed gait reward and ATD3_RNN boost thecumulative reward and teach biped robots to walk better.
Current Limitations in Cyberbullying Detection: on Evaluation Criteria,  Reproducibility, and Data Scarcity	2019	The detection of online cyberbullying has seen an increase in societalimportance, popularity in research, and available open data. Nevertheless,while computational power and affordability of resources continue to increase,the access restrictions on high-quality data limit the applicability ofstate-of-the-art techniques. Consequently, much of the recent research usessmall, heterogeneous datasets, without a thorough evaluation of applicability.In this paper, we further illustrate these issues, as we (i) evaluate manypublicly available resources for this task and demonstrate difficulties withdata collection. These predominantly yield small datasets that fail to capturethe required complex social dynamics and impede direct comparison of progress.We (ii) conduct an extensive set of experiments that indicate a general lack ofcross-domain generalization of classifiers trained on these sources, and openlyprovide this framework to replicate and extend our evaluation criteria.Finally, we (iii) present an effective crowdsourcing method: simulatingreal-life bullying scenarios in a lab setting generates plausible data that canbe effectively used to enrich real data. This largely circumvents therestrictions on data that can be collected, and increases classifierperformance. We believe these contributions can aid in improving the empiricalpractices of future research in the field.
Delta-Sigma Modulator based Compact Sensor Signal Acquisition Front-end  System	2019	The proposed delta-sigma modulator ($\Delta\Sigma$M) based signal acquisitionarchitecture uses a differential difference amplifier (DDA) customized for dualpurpose roles, namely as instrumentation amplifier and as integrator of$\Delta\Sigma$M. The DDA also provides balanced high input impedance for signalfrom sensors. Further, programmable input amplification is obtained byadjustment of $\Delta\Sigma$M feedback voltage. Implementation of otherfunctionalities, such as filtering and digitization have also beenincorporated. At circuit level, a difference of transconductance of DDA inputpairs has been proposed to reduce the effect of input resistor thermal noise offront-end R-C integrator of the $\Delta\Sigma$M. Besides, chopping has beenused for minimizing effect of Flicker noise. The resulting architecture is anaggregation of functions of entire signal acquisition system within the singleblock of $\Delta\Sigma$M, and is useful for a multitude of dc-to-mediumfrequency sensing and similar applications that require high precision atreduced size and power. An implementation of this in 0.18-$\mu$m CMOS processhas been presented, yielding a simulated peak signal-to-noise ratio of 80 dBand dynamic range of 109dBFS in an input signal band of 1 kHz while consuming100 $\mu$W of power; with the measured signal-to-noise ratio being lower byabout 9 dB.
Interface states of rectangular photonic crystals with dislocated and  non-dislocated photonic bandgaps	2019	In this paper, an interface with two 2D photonic crystals is constructed withdifferent rectangular lattices of the same material, shape, and size ofdielectric rods, which produce interface states. The interface states areanalyzed with respect to the Zak phase and surface impedance. The retainabilityof the interface states with dislocated and non-dislocated photonic bandgaps(PBGs) is investigated. In addition, we study the relationship between thelength/width ratio of the rectangular lattice and the Zak phase, when thelength/width ratio of the rectangular lattices changes. It is found that, whenthe interface states are realized by changing the length/width ratio ofrectangular lattices, the retainability of the interface states with dislocatedPBGs depends mainly on the position of the PBGs. On the other hand, theretainability of the interface states with non-dislocated PBGs mainly dependson the Zak phases of the bands. For the selected ky in this paper, theretainability of the interface states with dislocated PBGs is better than fornon-dislocated PBGs, and the former is adjustable. A more detailed examinationconfirms that these conclusions are universally applicable to rectangularphotonic crystals with different materials, shapes, and sizes of dielectricrods. These results can lead to new ways to produce interface states easily,for only one kind of dielectric rod. In addition, these outcomes may enable theconstruction of optical waveguides with strong retainability in the future.
Implementation of a transmon qubit using superconducting granular  aluminum	2019	The high kinetic inductance offered by granular aluminum (grAl) has recentlybeen employed for linear inductors in superconducting high-impedance qubits andkinetic inductance detectors. Due to its large critical current densitycompared to typical Josephson junctions, its resilience to external magneticfields, and its low dissipation, grAl may also provide a robust source ofnon-linearity for strongly driven quantum circuits, topologicalsuperconductivity, and hybrid systems. Having said that, can the grAlnon-linearity be sufficient to build a qubit? Here we show that a small grAlvolume ($10 \times 200 \times 500 \,\mathrm{nm^3}$) shunted by a thin filmaluminum capacitor results in a microwave oscillator with anharmonicity$\alpha$ two orders of magnitude larger than its spectral linewidth$\Gamma_{01}$, effectively forming a transmon qubit. With increasing drivepower, we observe several multi-photon transitions starting from the groundstate, from which we extract $\alpha = 2 \pi \times 4.48\,\mathrm{MHz}$.Resonance fluorescence measurements of the $|0> \rightarrow |1>$ transitionyield an intrinsic qubit linewidth $\gamma = 2 \pi \times 10\,\mathrm{kHz}$,corresponding to a lifetime of $16\,\mathrm{\mu s}$. This linewidth remainsbelow $2 \pi \times 150\,\mathrm{kHz}$ for in-plane magnetic fields up to$\sim70\,\mathrm{mT}$.
Sequence-Aware Factorization Machines for Temporal Predictive Analytics	2019	In various web applications like targeted advertising and recommendersystems, the available categorical features (e.g., product type) are often ofgreat importance but sparse. As a widely adopted solution, models based onFactorization Machines (FMs) are capable of modelling high-order interactionsamong features for effective sparse predictive analytics. As the volume ofweb-scale data grows exponentially over time, sparse predictive analyticsinevitably involves dynamic and sequential features. However, existing FM-basedmodels assume no temporal orders in the data, and are unable to capture thesequential dependencies or patterns within the dynamic features, impeding theperformance and adaptivity of these methods. Hence, in this paper, we propose anovel Sequence-Aware Factorization Machine (SeqFM) for temporal predictiveanalytics, which models feature interactions by fully investigating the effectof sequential dependencies. As static features (e.g., user gender) and dynamicfeatures (e.g., user interacted items) express different semantics, weinnovatively devise a multi-view self-attention scheme that separately modelsthe effect of static features, dynamic features and the mutual interactionsbetween static and dynamic features in three different views. In SeqFM, wefurther map the learned representations of feature interactions to the desiredoutput with a shared residual network. To showcase the versatility andgeneralizability of SeqFM, we test SeqFM in three popular application scenariosfor FM-based models, namely ranking, classification and regression tasks.Extensive experimental results on six large-scale datasets demonstrate thesuperior effectiveness and efficiency of SeqFM.
Pulsed laser deposition of single phase n- and p-type Cu2O thin films  with low resistivity	2019	Low resistivity (~3-24 mOhm.cm) with tunable n- and p-type phase pure Cu2Othin films have been grown by pulsed laser deposition at 25-200 0C by varyingthe background oxygen partial pressure (O2pp). Capacitance data obtained byelectrochemical impedance spectroscopy was used to determine the conductivity(n- or p-type), carrier density, and flat band potentials for samples grown onindium tin oxide (ITO) at 25 0C. The Hall mobility of the n- and p-type Cu2Owas estimated to be ~ 0.85 cm2.V-1s-1 and ~ 4.78 cm2.V-1s-1 respectively forsamples grown on quartz substrate at 25 0C. An elevated substrate temperature ~200 0C with O2pp = 2 - 3 mTorr yielded p-type Cu2O films with six orders ofmagnitude higher resistivities in the range ~ 9 - 49 kOhm.cm and mobilities inthe range ~ 13.5 - 22.2 cm2.V-1s-1. UV-Vis-NIR diffuse reflectance spectroscopyshowed optical bandgaps of Cu2O films in the range of 1.76 to 2.15 eV dependingon O2pp. Thin films grown at oxygen-rich conditions O2pp > 7 mTorr yieldedmixed-phase copper oxide irrespective of the substrate temperatures and uponair annealing at 550 0C for 1 hour completely converted to CuO phase withn-type semiconducting properties (~12 Ohm.cm, ~1.50 cm2.V-1s-1). The as-grownp- and n-type Cu2O showed rectification and a photovoltaic (PV) response insolid junctions with n-ZnO and p-Si electrodes respectively. Our findings maycreate new opportunities for devising Cu2O based junctions requiring lowprocess temperatures.
Task-Based Hybrid Shared Control for Training Through Forceful  Interaction	2019	Despite the fact that robotic platforms can provide both consistent practiceand objective assessments of users over the course of their training, there arerelatively few instances where physical human robot interaction has beensignificantly more effective than unassisted practice or human-mediatedtraining. This paper describes a hybrid shared control robot, which enhancestask learning through kinesthetic feedback. The assistance assesses useractions using a task-specific evaluation criterion and selectively accepts orrejects them at each time instant. Through two human subject studies (totaln=68), we show that this hybrid approach of switching between full transparencyand full rejection of user inputs leads to increased skill acquisition andshort-term retention compared to unassisted practice. Moreover, we show thatthe shared control paradigm exhibits features previously shown to promotesuccessful training. It avoids user passivity by only rejecting user actionsand allowing failure at the task. It improves performance during assistance,providing meaningful task-specific feedback. It is sensitive to initial skillof the user and behaves as an `assist-as-needed' control scheme---adapting itsengagement in real time based on the performance and needs of the user. Unlikeother successful algorithms, it does not require explicit modulation of thelevel of impedance or error amplification during training and it is permissiveto a range of strategies because of its evaluation criterion. We demonstratethat the proposed hybrid shared control paradigm with a task-based minimalintervention criterion significantly enhances task-specific training.
Bi-fidelity Stochastic Gradient Descent for Structural Optimization  under Uncertainty	2019	The presence of uncertainty in material properties and geometry of astructure is ubiquitous. The design of robust engineering structures,therefore, needs to incorporate uncertainty in the optimization process.Stochastic gradient descent (SGD) method can alleviate the cost of optimizationunder uncertainty, which includes statistical moments of quantities of interestin the objective and constraints. However, the design may change considerablyduring the initial iterations of the optimization process which impedes theconvergence of the traditional SGD method and its variants. In this paper, wepresent two SGD based algorithms, where the computational cost is reduced byemploying a low-fidelity model in the optimization process. In the firstalgorithm, most of the stochastic gradient calculations are performed on thelow-fidelity model and only a handful of gradients from the high-fidelity modelare used per iteration, resulting in an improved convergence. In the secondalgorithm, we use gradients from low-fidelity models to be used as controlvariate, a variance reduction technique, to reduce the variance in the searchdirection. These two bi-fidelity algorithms are illustrated first with aconceptual example. Then, the convergence of the proposed bi-fidelityalgorithms is studied with two numerical examples of shape and topologyoptimization and compared to popular variants of the SGD method that do not uselow-fidelity models. The results show that the proposed use of a bi-fidelityapproach for the SGD method can improve the convergence. Two analytical proofsare also provided that show the linear convergence of these two algorithmsunder appropriate assumptions.
Drastic Improvement of Air Stability in an n-type Doped  Naphtalene-diimide Polymer by Thionation	2019	Organic thermoelectrics are attractive for the fabrication of flexible andcost-effective thermoelectric generators (TEGs) for waste heat recovery, inparticular by exploiting large-area printing of polymer conductors. EfficientTEGs require both p- and n-type conductors: so far, the air instability ofpolymer n-type conductors, which typically loose orders of magnitude inelectrical conductivity ({\sigma}) even for short exposure time to air, hasimpeded processing under ambient conditions. Here we tackle this problem in arelevant class of electron transporting, naphthalene-diimide co-polymers, bysubstituting the imide oxygen with sulphur. n-type doping of the thionatedco-polymer gives rise to a higher {\sigma} with respect to the non-thionatedone, and most importantly, owing to a reduced energy level of thelowest-unoccupied molecular orbital, {\sigma} is substantially stable over 16 hof air exposure. This result highlights the effectiveness of chemical tuning toimprove air-stability of n-type solution-processable polymer conductors andshows a path towards ambient large-area manufacturing of efficient polymerTEGs.
ModelHub.AI: Dissemination Platform for Deep Learning Models	2019	Recent advances in artificial intelligence research have led to a profusionof studies that apply deep learning to problems in image analysis and naturallanguage processing among others. Additionally, the availability of open-sourcecomputational frameworks has lowered the barriers to implementingstate-of-the-art methods across multiple domains. Albeit leading to majorperformance breakthroughs in some tasks, effective dissemination of deeplearning algorithms remains challenging, inhibiting reproducibility andbenchmarking studies, impeding further validation, and ultimately hinderingtheir effectiveness in the cumulative scientific progress. In developing aplatform for sharing research outputs, we present ModelHub.AI(www.modelhub.ai), a community-driven container-based software engine andplatform for the structured dissemination of deep learning models. Forcontributors, the engine controls data flow throughout the inference cycle,while the contributor-facing standard template exposes model-specific functionsincluding inference, as well as pre- and post-processing. Python and RESTfulApplication programming interfaces (APIs) enable users to interact with modelshosted on ModelHub.AI and allows both researchers and developers to utilizemodels out-of-the-box. ModelHub.AI is domain-, data-, and framework-agnostic,catering to different workflows and contributors' preferences.
Different Set Domain Adaptation for Brain-Computer Interfaces: A Label  Alignment Approach	2019	A brain-computer interface (BCI) system usually needs a long calibrationsession for each new subject/task to adjust its parameters, which impedes itstransition from the laboratory to real-world applications. Domain adaptation,which leverages labeled data from auxiliary subjects/tasks (source domains),has demonstrated its effectiveness in reducing such calibration effort.Currently, most domain adaptation approaches require the source domains to havethe same feature space and label space as the target domain, which limits theirapplications, as the auxiliary data may have different feature spaces and/ordifferent label spaces. This paper considers different set domain adaptationfor BCIs, i.e., the source and target domains have different label spaces. Weintroduce a practical setting of different label sets for BCIs, and propose anovel label alignment (LA) approach to align the source label space with thetarget label space. It has three desirable properties: 1) LA only needs as fewas one labeled sample from each class of the target subject; 2) LA can be usedas a preprocessing step before different feature extraction and classificationalgorithms; and, 3) LA can be integrated with other domain adaptationapproaches to achieve even better performance. Experiments on two motor imagerydatasets demonstrated the effectiveness of LA.
Optimizing and accelerating space-time Ripley's K function based on  Apache Spark for distributed spatiotemporal point pattern analysis	2019	With increasing point of interest (POI) datasets available with fine-grainedspatial and temporal attributes, space-time Ripley's K function has beenregarded as a powerful approach to analyze spatiotemporal point process.However, space-time Ripley's K function is computationally intensive forpoint-wise distance comparisons, edge correction and simulations forsignificance testing. Parallel computing technologies like OpenMP, MPI and CUDAhave been leveraged to accelerate the K function, and related experiments havedemonstrated the substantial acceleration. Nevertheless, previous works havenot extended optimization of Ripley's K function from space dimension tospace-time dimension. Without sophisticated spatiotemporal query andpartitioning mechanisms, extra computational overhead can be problematic.Meanwhile, these researches were limited by the restricted scalability andrelative expensive programming cost of parallel frameworks and impeded theirapplications for large POI dataset and Ripley's K function variations. Thispaper presents a distributed computing method to accelerate space-time Ripley'sK function upon state-of-the-art distributed computing framework Apache Spark,and four strategies are adopted to simplify calculation procedures andaccelerate distributed computing respectively. Based on the optimized method, aweb-based visual analytics framework prototype has been developed. Experimentsprove the feasibility and time efficiency of the proposed method, and alsodemonstrate its value on promoting applications of space-time Ripley's Kfunction in ecology, geography, sociology, economics, urban transportation andother fields.
Stability and Robustness of Disturbance Observer based Motion Control  Systems	2019	This paper analyzes the robustness and stability of a disturbance observer(DOB) and a reaction torque observer (RTOB) based robust motion controlsystems. Conventionally, a DOB is analyzed by using an ideal velocitymeasurement that is obtained without using a low-pass-filter (LPF); however, itis impractical due to noise constraints. An LPF of velocity measurement changesthe robustness of a DOB significantly and puts a new design constraint on thebandwidth of a DOB. An RTOB, which is used to estimate environmental impedance,is an application of a DOB. The stability of an RTOB based robust force controlsystem has not been reported yet since its oversimplified model is derived byassuming that an RTOB has a feed-forward control structure. However, inreality, it has a feed-back control structure; therefore, not only theperformance but also the stability is affected by the design parameters of aRTOB. A new practical stability analysis method is proposed for a RTOB basedrobust force control system. Besides that novel and practical design methods,which improve the robustness of a DOB and the stability and performance of anRTOB based robust force control system, are proposed by using the new analysismethods. The validity of the proposals is verified by simulation andexperimental results.
Adaptive Bayesian Reticulum	2019	Neural Networks and Decision Trees: two popular techniques for supervisedlearning that are seemingly disconnected in their formulation and optimizationmethod, have recently been combined in a single construct. The connectionpivots on assembling an artificial Neural Network with nodes that allow for agate-like function to mimic a tree split, optimized using the standard approachof recursively applying the chain rule to update its parameters. Yet two mainchallenges have impeded wide use of this hybrid approach: (a) the inability ofglobal gradient ascent techniques to optimize hierarchical parameters (asintroduced by the gate function); and (b) the construction of the treestructure, which has relied on standard decision tree algorithms to learn thenetwork topology or incrementally (and heuristically) searching the space atrandom. Here we propose a probabilistic construct that exploits the idea of anode's unexplained potential (the total error channeled through the node) inorder to decide where to expand further, mimicking the standard treeconstruction in a Neural Network setting, alongside a modified gradient ascentthat first locally optimizes an expanded node before a global optimization. Theprobabilistic approach allows us to evaluate each new split as a ratio oflikelihoods that balances the statistical improvement in explaining theevidence against the additional model complexity --- thus providing a naturalstopping condition. The result is a novel classification and regressiontechnique that leverages the strength of both: a tree-structure that growsnaturally and is simple to interpret with the plasticity of Neural Networksthat allow for soft margins and slanted boundaries.
Seeing moir superlattices	2019	Moir\'e superlattices in van der Waals (vdW) heterostructures have given riseto a number of emergent electronic phenomena due to the interplay betweenatomic structure and electron correlations. A lack of a simple way tocharacterize moir\'e superlattices has impeded progress in the field. In thiswork we outline a simple, room-temperature, ambient method to visualizereal-space moir\'e superlattices with sub-5 nm spatial resolution in a varietyof twisted vdW heterostructures including but not limited to conductinggraphene, insulating boron nitride and semiconducting transition metaldichalcogenides. Our method utilizes piezoresponse force microscopy, an atomicforce microscope modality which locally measures electromechanical surfacedeformation. We find that all moir\'e superlattices, regardless of whether theconstituent layers have inversion symmetry, exhibit a mechanical response toout-of-plane electric fields. This response is closely tied to flexoelectricitywherein electric polarization and electromechanical response is induced throughstrain gradients present within moir\'e superlattices. Moir\'e superlattices of2D materials thus represent an interlinked network of polarized domain walls ina non-polar background matrix.
Phase-matching mechanism for high-harmonic generation in the overdriven  regime driven by few-cycle laser pulses	2019	Isolated attosecond pulses (IAPs) produced through laser-driven high-harmonicgeneration (HHG) hold promise for unprecedented insight into biologicalprocesses via attosecond x-ray diffraction with tabletop sources. However,efficient scaling of HHG towards x-ray energies has been hampered byionization-induced plasma generation impeding the coherent buildup ofhigh-harmonic radiation. Recently, it has been shown that these limitations canbe overcome in the so-called 'overdriven regime' where ionization loss andplasma dispersion strongly modify the driving laser pulse over small distances,albeit without demonstrating IAPs. Here, we report on experiments comparing thegeneration of IAPs in argon and neon at 80 eV via attosecond streakingmeasurements. Contrasting our experimental results with numerical simulations,we conclude that IAPs in argon are generated through ionization-inducedtransient phase-matching gating effective over distances on the order of 100$\mu$m. We show that the decay of the intensity and blue-shift due to plasmadefocussing are crucial for allowing phase-matching close to the XUV cutoff athigh plasma densities. We perform simulations for different gases andwavelengths and show that the mechanism is important for the phase-matching oflong-wavelength, tightly-focused laser beams in high-pressure gas targets,which are currently being employed for scaling isolated attosecond pulsegeneration to x-ray photon energies.
Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm for acousto-electric tomography based on  the complete electrode model	2019	The inverse problem in Acousto-Electric tomography concerns thereconstruction of the electric conductivity in a domain from knowledge of thepower density function in the interior of the body. This interior power densityresults from currents prescribed at boundary electrodes (and can be obtainedthrough electro-static boundary measurements together with auxiliary acousticmeasurement. In Electrical Impedance Tomography, the complete electrode modelis known to be the most accurate model for the forward modelling. In thispaper, the reconstruction problem of Acousto-Electric tomography is posed usingthe (smooth) complete electrode model, and a Levenberg-Marquardt iteration isformulated in appropriate function spaces. This results in a system of partialdifferential equations to be solved in each iteration. To increase thecomputational efficiency and stability, a strategy based on both the completeelectrode model and the continuum model with Dirichlet boundary condition isproposed. The system of equations is implemented numerically for a twodimensional scenario and the algorithm is tested on two different numericalphantoms, a heart and lung model and a human brain model. Several numericalexperiments are carried out confirming the feasibility, accuracy and stabilityof the methods.
Impact of Backward Crosstalk in 2x2 MIMO Transmitters on NMSE and  Spectral Efficiency	2019	Crosstalk between the transceiver branches appears in practical multi-antennatransmitters. This paper analyzes the backward crosstalk in 2x2 transmitters,which is caused by crosstalk from the outputs to inputs or by the combinationof output crosstalk and impedance mismatch. We consider arbitrarily correlatedinput signals, while feedback networks and third-order memoryless polynomialsare used to model the backward crosstalk and power amplifier, respectively. Byutilizing the Bussgang decomposition, the transmitted signals are expressed asa linear transformation of the input signals plus uncorrelated distortion.First, the normalized mean-square errors (NMSEs) in the transmitted signals arederived analytically and used to obtain a closed-form expression for the powerback-off that minimizes the worst NMSE of the two branches. Then, an achievablespectral efficiency (SE) is found for communication to a single-antennareceiver. The SE-maximizing precoder is derived by exploiting the hardwarecharacteristics. Furthermore, the optimum power back-off is analyzed for twosub-optimum precoders, which either do not exploit any hardware knowledge oronly partial knowledge. The simulation results show that the performances ofthese two sub-optimum precoders are in general close to the optimum SE.Furthermore, the power back-offs that minimize the NMSE and maximize SE are notthe same.
A silicon-organic hybrid platform for quantum microwave-to-optical  transduction	2019	Low-loss fiber optic links have the potential to connect superconductingquantum processors together over long distances to form large scale quantumnetworks. A key component of these future networks is a quantum transducer thatcoherently and bidirectionally converts photons from microwave frequencies tooptical frequencies. We present a platform for electro-optic photon conversionbased on silicon-organic hybrid photonics. Our device combines high qualityfactor microwave and optical resonators with an electro-optic polymer claddingto perform microwave-to-optical photon conversion from 6.7 GHz to 193 THz (1558nm). The device achieves an electro-optic coupling rate of 330 Hz in amillikelvin dilution refrigerator environment. We use an optical heterodynemeasurement technique to demonstrate the single-sideband nature of theconversion with a selectivity of approximately 10 dB. We analyze the effects ofstray light in our device and suggest ways in which this can be mitigated.Finally, we present initial results on high-impedance spiral resonatorsdesigned to increase the electro-optic coupling.
Strain gradient drives lithium dendrite growth from the atomic-scale  simulations	2020	Dendrite formation is a major obstacle, such as capacity loss and shortcircuit, to the next-generation high-energy-density lithium (Li) metalbatteries. The development of successful Li dendrite mitigation strategies isimpeded by an insufficient understanding of Li dendrite growth mechanisms.Li-plating-induced internal stress in Li metal and its effect on dendritegrowth have been studied in previous models and experiments, while theunderlying microcosmic mechanism is elusive. Here, we analyze the role ofplating-induced stress in dendrite formation through first-principlescalculations and ab initio molecular dynamics simulations. We show that thedeposited Li forms a stable atomic nanofilm structure on copper (Cu) substrate.It is found that the adsorption energy of Li atoms increases from the Li-Cuinterface to deposited Li surface, leading to more aggregated Li atoms at theinterface. Compared to the pristine Li metal, the deposited Li in the earlystage becomes compacted and suffers in-plane compressive stress. Interestingly,we find that there is a giant strain gradient distribution from the Li-Cuinterface to deposited Li surface, which makes the deposited atoms adjacent tothe Cu surface tend to press upwards with perturbation, causing the dendritegrowth. This understanding provides an insight to the atomic-scale origin of Lidendrite growth and may be useful for suppressing the Li dendrite in theLi-metal-based rechargeable batteries.
Assessment of Scalar Relativistic Effects on Halogen Bonding and  $$-Hole Properties	2020	Halogen bond (X-bond) is a noncovalent interaction between a halogen atom andan electron donor. It is often rationalized by a region of the positiveelectrostatic potential on the halogen atom, so-called $\sigma$-hole. TheX-bond strength increases with the atomic number of the halogen involved, thusfor heavier halogens, relativistic effects become of concern. This complicatesthe quantum chemical description of X-bonded complexes and impedes a detailedunderstanding of the nature of the attraction. To quantify scalar relativisticeffects (SREs) on the interaction energies and $\sigma$-hole properties, wehave performed highly accurate quantum chemical calculations at the completebasis set limit of several X-bonded complexes and their halogenated monomers.The SREs turned to be comparable in magnitude to the effect of basis set. Thenonrelativistic calculations typically underestimate the attraction by up to 5%or 23% for brominated and iodinated complexes, respectively. SREs yieldsmaller, more flatten and more positive $\sigma$-holes, although thedifferences to nonrelativistic values are small. Further for X-bonds, wehighlight the importance of diffuse functions in the basis sets and providesupport for using basis sets with pseudopotentials as an affordable alternativeto a more rigorous Douglas-Kroll-Hess relativistic theory.
Enhanced Operational Stability of Perovskite Light-Emitting  Electrochemical Cells Leveraging Ionic Additives	2020	Hybrid perovskites are emerging as highly efficient materials foroptoelectronic applications, however, the operational lifetime has remained alimiting factor for the continued progress of perovskite light emitting devicessuch as light emitting diodes (LEDs) and perovskite light emittingelectrochemical cells (PeLECs). In this work, PeLECs utilizing an optimizedfraction of LiPF6 salt additive exhibit enhanced stability. At 0.5 wt% LiPF6,devices exhibit 100 h operation at high brightness in excess of 800 cd/m2 underconstant current driving, achieving a maximum luminance of 3260 cd/m2 and powerefficiency of 9.1 Lm/W. This performance extrapolates to a 6700 h luminancehalf-life from 100 cd/m2, a 5.6-fold improvement over devices with no lithiumsalt additive. Analysis under constant voltage driving reveals three currentregimes, with lithium addition strongly enhancing current in the second andthird regimes. The third regime correlates degradation of luminance withdecreased current. These losses are mitigated by LiPF6 addition, an effectpostulated to arise from preservation of perovskite structure. To furtherunderstand lithium salt addition, electrochemical impedance spectroscopy withequivalent circuit modeling is performed. Electrical double layer widths fromionic redistribution are minimized at 0.5wt% LiPF6 and inversely correlate withefficient performance.
An Interdisciplinary Guideline for the Production of Videos and Vision  Videos by Software Professionals	2020	Background and Motivation: In recent years, the topic of applying videos inrequirements engineering has been discussed and its contributions are ofinteresting potential. In the last 35 years, several researchers proposedapproaches for applying videos in requirements engineering due to theircommunication richness and effectiveness. However, these approaches mainly usevideos but omit the details about how to produce them. This lack of guidance isone crucial reason why videos are not an established documentation option forsuccessful requirements communication and thus shared understanding. Softwareprofessionals are not directors and thus they do not necessarily know whatconstitutes a good video in general and for an existing approach. Therefore,this lack of knowledge and skills on how to produce and use videos for visualcommunication impedes the application of videos by software professionals inrequirements engineering.  How to Create Effective Videos and Vision Videos?: This technical reportaddresses this lack of knowledge and skills by software professionals. Weprovide two guidelines that can be used as checklists to avoid frequent flawsin the production and use of videos respectively vision videos. Softwareprofessionals without special training should be able to follow theseguidelines to achieve the basic capabilities to produce (vision) videos thatare accepted by their stakeholders. These guidelines represent a core set ofthose capabilities in the preproduction, shooting, postproduction, and viewingof (vision) videos. We do not strive for perfection in any of thesecapabilities, .e.g., technical handling of video equipment, storytelling, orvideo editing. Instead, these guidelines support all steps of the (vision)video production and use process to a balanced way.
On Algorithmic Decision Procedures in Emergency Response Systems in  Smart and Connected Communities	2020	Emergency Response Management (ERM) is a critical problem faced bycommunities across the globe. Despite this, it is common for ERM systems tofollow myopic decision policies in the real world. Principled approaches to aidERM decision-making under uncertainty have been explored but have failed to beaccepted into real systems. We identify a key issue impeding their adoption ---algorithmic approaches to emergency response focus on reactive, post-incidentdispatching actions, i.e. optimally dispatching a responder \textit{after}incidents occur. However, the critical nature of emergency response dictatesthat when an incident occurs, first responders always dispatch the closestavailable responder to the incident. We argue that the crucial period ofplanning for ERM systems is not post-incident, but between incidents. This isnot a trivial planning problem --- a major challenge with dynamically balancingthe spatial distribution of responders is the complexity of the problem. Anorthogonal problem in ERM systems is planning under limited communication,which is particularly important in disaster scenarios that affect communicationnetworks. We address both problems by proposing two partially decentralizedmulti-agent planning algorithms that utilize heuristics and exploit thestructure of the dispatch problem. We evaluate our proposed approach usingreal-world data, and find that in several contexts, dynamic re-balancing thespatial distribution of emergency responders reduces both the average responsetime as well as its variance.
Pre-defined Sparsity for Low-Complexity Convolutional Neural Networks	2020	The high energy cost of processing deep convolutional neural networks impedestheir ubiquitous deployment in energy-constrained platforms such as embeddedsystems and IoT devices. This work introduces convolutional layers withpre-defined sparse 2D kernels that have support sets that repeat periodicallywithin and across filters. Due to the efficient storage of our periodic sparsekernels, the parameter savings can translate into considerable improvements inenergy efficiency due to reduced DRAM accesses, thus promising significantimprovements in the trade-off between energy consumption and accuracy for bothtraining and inference. To evaluate this approach, we performed experimentswith two widely accepted datasets, CIFAR-10 and Tiny ImageNet in sparsevariants of the ResNet18 and VGG16 architectures. Compared to baseline models,our proposed sparse variants require up to 82% fewer model parameters with5.6times fewer FLOPs with negligible loss in accuracy for ResNet18 on CIFAR-10.For VGG16 trained on Tiny ImageNet, our approach requires 5.8times fewer FLOPsand up to 83.3% fewer model parameters with a drop in top-5 (top-1) accuracy ofonly 1.2% (2.1%). We also compared the performance of our proposedarchitectures with that of ShuffleNet andMobileNetV2. Using similarhyperparameters and FLOPs, our ResNet18 variants yield an average accuracyimprovement of 2.8%.
Exact solution for the Anisotropic Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Process	2020	Active Matter models commonly consider particles with overdamped dynamicssubject to a force (speed) with constant modulus and random direction. Somemodels include also random noise in particle displacement (Wiener process)resulting in a diffusive motion at short time scales. On the other hand,Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes consider Langevin dynamics for the particlevelocity and predict a motion that is not diffusive at short time scales.However, experiments show that migrating cells may present a varying speed aswell as a short-time diffusive behavior. While Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes candescribe the varying speed, Active Mater models can explain the short-timediffusive behavior. Isotropic models cannot explain both: short-time diffusionrenders instantaneous velocity ill-defined, hence impeding dynamical equationsthat consider velocity time-derivatives. On the other hand, both models applyfor migrating biological cells and must, in some limit, yield the sameobservable predictions. Here we propose and analytically solve an AnisotropicOrnstein-Uhlenbeck process that considers polarized particles, with a Langevindynamics for the particle movement in the polarization direction whilefollowing a Wiener process for displacement in the orthogonal direction. Ourcharacterization provides a theoretically robust way to compare movement indimensionless simulations to movement in dimensionful experiments, besidesproposing a procedure to deal with inevitable finite precision effects inexperiments or simulations.
Readout of Superconducting Nanowire Single Photon Detectors through  Forward Biased Optical Modulators	2020	Scalable, high speed data transfer between cryogenic (0.1-4 K) and roomtemperature environments is instrumental in a broad range of fields includingquantum computing, superconducting electronics, single photon imaging andspace-based communications. A promising approach to overcome the limitations ofconventional wire-based readout is the use of optical fiber communication.Optical fiber presents a 100-1,000x lower heat load than conventionalelectrical wiring, relaxing the requirements for thermal anchoring, and is alsoimmune to electromagnetic interference, which allows routing of sensitivesignals with improved robustness to noise and crosstalk. Most importantly,optical fibers allow for very high bandwidth densities (in the Tbps/mm$^2$range) by carrying multiple signals through the same physical fiber (WavelengthDivision Multiplexing, WDM). Here, we demonstrate for the first time opticalreadout of a superconducting nanowire single-photon detector (SNSPD) directlycoupled to a CMOS photonic modulator, without the need for an interfacingdevice. By operating the modulator in the forward bias regime at a temperatureof 3.6 K, we achieve very high modulation efficiency (1000-10,000 pm/V) and alow input impedance of 500 $\Omega$ with a low power dissipation of 40 $\mu$W.This allows us to obtain optical modulation with the low, millivolt-levelsignal generated by the SNSPD. Optical communication is becoming the preferredI/O solution in modern, room temperature high performance systems, and thiswork demonstrates its suitability for scalable cryogenic readout, which couldhelp achieve the full potential of superconducting technologies.
Magnetoimpedance based detection of L-band electron paramagnetic  resonance in 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) molecule	2020	Detection of electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) using a microwave cavityresonating at a fixed frequency (between 9 and 10 GHz) remains the most popularmethod until now. Here, we report a cavity-less technique which makes use ofonly an impedance analyzer and a copper strip coil to detect L-band EPR (f =1-3 GHz) in the standard EPR marker 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH). Ourmethod relies on measuring the magnetoimpedance (MI) response of DPPH through acopper strip coil that encloses DPPH. In contrast to commercial EPR whichmeasures only the field derivative of power absorption, our method enables usto deduce both absorption and dispersion. Changes in resistance (R) andreactance (X) of the copper strip while sweeping an external dc magnetic field,were measured for different frequencies (f = 0.9 to 2.5 GHz) of radio-frequencycurrent in the coil. R exhibits a sharp peak at a critical value of the dcmagnetic field, which is identified as the resonance field and X shows adispersion at the same frequency. The data were analyzed to obtain line widthand resonance field parameters. The resonance field increased linearly withfrequency and the obtained Land\'e g factor of 1.999 is close to the acceptedvalue of 2.0036, measured in X-band. The simplicity of this technique can beexploited to study paramagnetic centers in catalysis and other materials.
Molecular Tagging Velocimetry in Superfluid Helium-4: Progress, Issues,  and Future Development	2020	Helium-4 in the superfluid phase (He II) is a two-fluid system that exhibitsfascinating quantum hydrodynamics with important scientific and engineeringapplications. However, the lack of high-precision flow measurement tools in HeII has impeded the progress in understanding and utilizing its hydrodynamics.In recent years, there have been extensive efforts in developing quantitativeflow visualization techniques applicable to He II. In particular, a powerfulmolecular tagging velocimetry (MTV) technique, based on tracking thin lines ofHe$^*_2$ excimer molecules created via femtosecond laser-field ionization inhelium, has been developed in our lab. This technique allows unambiguousmeasurement of the normal-fluid velocity field in the two-fluid system.Nevertheless, there are two limitations of this technique: 1) only the velocitycomponent perpendicular to the tracer line can be measured; and 2) there is aninherent error in determining the perpendicular velocity. In this paper, wediscuss how these issues can be resolved by advancing the MTV technique. Wealso discuss two novel schemes for tagging and producing He$^*_2$ tracers. Thefirst method allows the creation of a tagged He$^*_2$ tracer line without theuse of an expensive femtosecond laser. The second method enables full-spacevelocity field measurement through tracking small clouds of He$^*_2$ moleculescreated via neutron-$^3$He absorption reactions in He II.
Sound Event Detection with Depthwise Separable and Dilated Convolutions	2020	State-of-the-art sound event detection (SED) methods usually employ a seriesof convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to extract useful features from theinput audio signal, and then recurrent neural networks (RNNs) to model longertemporal context in the extracted features. The number of the channels of theCNNs and size of the weight matrices of the RNNs have a direct effect on thetotal amount of parameters of the SED method, which is to a couple of millions.Additionally, the usually long sequences that are used as an input to an SEDmethod along with the employment of an RNN, introduce implications likeincreased training time, difficulty at gradient flow, and impeding theparallelization of the SED method. To tackle all these problems, we propose thereplacement of the CNNs with depthwise separable convolutions and thereplacement of the RNNs with dilated convolutions. We compare the proposedmethod to a baseline convolutional neural network on a SED task, and achieve areduction of the amount of parameters by 85% and average training time perepoch by 78%, and an increase the average frame-wise F1 score and reduction ofthe average error rate by 4.6% and 3.8%, respectively.
A Regression Tsetlin Machine with Integer Weighted Clauses for Compact  Pattern Representation	2020	The Regression Tsetlin Machine (RTM) addresses the lack of interpretabilityimpeding state-of-the-art nonlinear regression models. It does this by usingconjunctive clauses in propositional logic to capture the underlying non-linearfrequent patterns in the data. These, in turn, are combined into a continuousoutput through summation, akin to a linear regression function, however, withnon-linear components and unity weights. Although the RTM has solved non-linearregression problems with competitive accuracy, the resolution of the output isproportional to the number of clauses employed. This means that computationcost increases with resolution. To reduce this problem, we here introduceinteger weighted RTM clauses. Our integer weighted clause is a compactrepresentation of multiple clauses that capture the same sub-pattern-Nrepeating clauses are turned into one, with an integer weight N. This reducescomputation cost N times, and increases interpretability through a sparserrepresentation. We further introduce a novel learning scheme that allows us tosimultaneously learn both the clauses and their weights, taking advantage ofso-called stochastic searching on the line. We evaluate the potential of theinteger weighted RTM empirically using six artificial datasets. The resultsshow that the integer weighted RTM is able to acquire on par or better accuracyusing significantly less computational resources compared to regular RTMs. Wefurther show that integer weights yield improved accuracy over real-valuedones.
Hyper-Eddington accretion flows onto black holes accompanied by powerful  outflows	2020	We perform two-dimensional radiation hydrodynamical simulations of accretionflows onto black holes (BHs) at the nuclei of protogalaxies, and study theimpact of mechanical and radiative feedback on rapid growth of BHs. Theoutflows deposit mass, momentum and energy into the surrounding medium andprevent mass accretion onto the BH, resulting in the reduction of radiativeoutput. We find that when the BH is embedded in a dense gas core, ionizingradiation attenuated by inefficient BH feeding owing to mechanical feedbackhardly affects the gas dynamics at the BH gravitational sphere of influence,from which intense inflows of neutral gas occur at rates substantiallyexceeding the Eddington limit without impeded by photoionization and heating.Since mechanical power of outflows driven by the rapidly accreting BH issufficiently strong, bipolar outflows completely evacuate the surrounding gasin the polar region but mass inflows through the equatorial region maintain theBH accretion rate as high as $\sim 300-10^3~\dot{M}_{\rm Edd}$, which isreduced by one order of magnitude from those with radiative feedback alone.Furthermore, we find that the critical gas density required for rapid accretionis lower by a factor of $\sim 3$ nearly independently of BH mass, whenmechanical feedback is considered. By studying the dependence on outflow modelparameters (e.g., opening angle, mass-loading degree into outflows, velocity),we conclude that contrary to naive expectation, the existence of strongeroutflow leads to the transition to rapid accretion phases more efficiently.Rapidly growing BHs inject mechanical power with $\sim 0.1-1\%$ of theradiative luminosity into their host galaxy scales, which is used forcosmological simulations.
How efficient is the streaming instability in viscous protoplanetary  disks?	2020	The streaming instability is a popular candidate for planetesimal formationby concentrating dust particles to trigger gravitational collapse. However, itsrobustness against physical conditions expected in protoplanetary disks isunclear. In particular, particle stirring by turbulence may impede theinstability. To quantify this effect, we develop the linear theory of thestreaming instability with external turbulence modelled by gas viscosity andparticle diffusion. We find the streaming instability is sensitive toturbulence, with growth rates becoming negligible for alpha-viscosityparameters $\alpha \gtrsim \mathrm{St} ^{1.5}$, where $\mathrm{St}$ is theparticle Stokes number. We explore the effect of non-linear drag laws, whichmay be applicable to porous dust particles, and find growth rates are modestlyreduced. We also find that gas compressibility increase growth rates byreducing the effect of diffusion. We then apply linear theory to global modelsof viscous protoplanetary disks. For minimum-mass Solar nebula disk models, wefind the streaming instability only grows within disk lifetimes beyond $\sim10$s of AU, even for cm-sized particles and weak turbulence ($\alpha\sim10^{-4}$). Our results suggest it is rather difficult to trigger the streaminginstability in non-laminar protoplanetary disks, especially for smallparticles.
Towards Optimal Kinetic Energy Harvesting for the Batteryless IoT	2020	Traditional Internet of Things (IoT) sensors rely on batteries that need tobe replaced or recharged frequently which impedes their pervasive deployment. Apromising alternative is to employ energy harvesters that convert theenvironmental energy into electrical energy. Kinetic Energy Harvesting (KEH)converts the ambient motion/vibration energy into electrical energy to powerthe IoT sensor nodes. However, most previous works employ KEH withoutdynamically tracking the optimal operating point of the transducer for maximumpower output. In this paper, we systematically analyse the relation between theoperating point of the transducer and the corresponding energy yield. To thisend, we explore the voltage-current characteristics of the KEH transducer tofind its Maximum Power Point (MPP). We show how this operating point can beapproximated in a practical energy harvesting circuit. We design two hardwarecircuit prototypes to evaluate the performance of the proposed mechanism andanalyse the harvested energy using a precise load shaker under a wide set ofcontrolled conditions typically found in human-centric applications. We analysethe dynamic current-voltage characteristics and specify the relation betweenthe MPP sampling rate and harvesting efficiency which outlines the need fordynamic MPP tracking. The results show that the proposed energy harvestingmechanism outperforms the conventional method in terms of generated power andoffers at least one order of magnitude higher power than the latter.
Stochastic encoding of graphs in deep learning allows for complex  analysis of gender classification in resting-state and task functional brain  networks from the UK Biobank	2020	Classification of whole-brain functional connectivity MRI data withconvolutional neural networks (CNNs) has shown promise, but the complexity ofthese models impedes understanding of which aspects of brain activitycontribute to classification. While visualization techniques have beendeveloped to interpret CNNs, bias inherent in the method of encoding abstractinput data, as well as the natural variance of deep learning models, detractfrom the accuracy of these techniques. We introduce a stochastic encodingmethod in an ensemble of CNNs to classify functional connectomes by gender. Weapplied our method to resting-state and task data from the UK BioBank, usingtwo visualization techniques to measure the salience of three brain networksinvolved in task- and resting-states, and their interaction. To regressconfounding factors such as head motion, age, and intracranial volume, weintroduced a multivariate balancing algorithm to ensure equal distributions ofsuch covariates between classes in our data. We achieved a final AUROC of0.8459. We found that resting-state data classifies more accurately than taskdata, with the inner salience network playing the most important role of thethree networks overall in classification of resting-state data and connectionsto the central executive network in task data.
Hydrodynamics of quartz crystal microbalance experiments with  liposome-DNA complexes	2020	The quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) is widely used to study surfaceadsorbed molecules, often of biological significance. However, the relationbetween raw acoustic response (frequency shift $\Delta f$ and dissipationfactor $\Delta D$) and mechanical properties of the macromolecules still needsto be deciphered, particularly in the case of suspended discrete particles. Westudy the QCM response of suspended liposomes tethered to the resonator wall bydouble stranded DNA, with the other end attached to surface-adsorbedneutravidin through a biotin linker. Liposome radius and dsDNA contour lengthare comparable to the wave penetration depth ($\delta\sim 100\ \mathrm{nm}$).Simulations, based on the immersed boundary method and an elastic network modelfor the liposome-DNA complex, are in good agreement with experimental resultsfor POPC liposomes. We find that the added stress at the resonator surface,i.e. the impedance Z sensed by QCM, is dominated by the flow-induced liposomesurface-stress, which propagates towards the resonator by viscous forces. QCMsignals are extremely sensitive to the liposome's height distribution P(y)which depends on the actual number and mechanical properties of the tethers, inaddition to the usual local attractive/repulsive chemical forces. Our approachhelps in deciphering the role of hydrodynamics in acoustic sensing andrevealing the role of parameters hitherto largely unexplored. A practicalconsequence would be the design of improved biosensors and detection schemes.
Safe and Compliant Control of Redundant Robots Using a Stack of Passive  Task-Space Controllers	2020	Safe and compliant control of dynamic systems in interaction with theenvironment, e.g., in shared workspaces, continues to represent a majorchallenge. Mismatches in the dynamic model of the robots, numericalsingularities, and the intrinsic environmental unpredictability are allcontributing factors.Online optimization of impedance controllers has recentlyshown great promise in addressing this challenge, however, their performance isnot sufficiently robust to be deployed in challenging environments. This workproposes a compliant control method for redundant manipulators based on a stackof multiple passive task-space controllers. Our control framework of passivecontrollers is inherently stable, numerically well-conditioned (as no matrixinversions are required), and computationally inexpensive (as no optimizationis used). We leverage and introduce a novel stiffness profile for a recentlyproposed passive controller with smooth transitions between the divergence andconvergence phases making it particularly suitable when multiple passivecontrollers are combined in a stack. Our experimental results demonstrate thatthe proposed method achieves sub-centimeter tracking performance during dynamicdemanding tasks with fast-changing references, while remaining safe to interactwith and robust to singularities. The proposed framework achieves this withoutknowledge of the robot dynamics and thanks to its passivity is intrinsicallystable. The data further shows that the robot can fully take advantage of thenull-space to maintain the primary task accuracy while compensating forexternal perturbations.
Learning Contact-Rich Manipulation Tasks with Rigid Position-Controlled  Robots: Learning to Force Control	2020	To fully realize industrial automation, it is indispensable to give the robotmanipulators the ability to adapt by themselves to their surroundings and tolearn to handle novel manipulation tasks. Reinforcement Learning (RL) methodshave been proven successful in solving manipulation tasks autonomously.However, RL is still not widely adopted on real robotic systems because workingwith real hardware entails additional challenges, especially when using rigidposition-controlled manipulators. These challenges include the need for arobust controller to avoid undesired behavior, that risk damaging the robot andits environment, and constant supervision from a human operator. The maincontributions of this work are, first, we propose a framework for safelytraining an RL agent on manipulation tasks using a rigid robot. Second, toenable a position-controlled manipulator to perform contact-rich manipulationtasks, we implemented two different force control schemes based on standardforce feedback controllers; one is a modified hybrid position-force control,and the other one is an impedance control. Third, we empirically study bothcontrol schemes when used as the action representation of an RL agent. Weevaluate the trade-off between control complexity and performance by comparingseveral versions of the control schemes, each with a different number of forcecontrol parameters. The proposed methods are validated both on simulation and areal robot, a UR3 e-series robotic arm when executing contact-rich manipulationtasks.
Learning from Easy to Complex: Adaptive Multi-curricula Learning for  Neural Dialogue Generation	2020	Current state-of-the-art neural dialogue systems are mainly data-driven andare trained on human-generated responses. However, due to the subjectivity andopen-ended nature of human conversations, the complexity of training dialoguesvaries greatly. The noise and uneven complexity of query-response pairs impedethe learning efficiency and effects of the neural dialogue generation models.What is more, so far, there are no unified dialogue complexity measurements,and the dialogue complexity embodies multiple aspects ofattributes---specificity, repetitiveness, relevance, etc. Inspired by humanbehaviors of learning to converse, where children learn from easy dialogues tocomplex ones and dynamically adjust their learning progress, in this paper, wefirst analyze five dialogue attributes to measure the dialogue complexity inmultiple perspectives on three publicly available corpora. Then, we propose anadaptive multi-curricula learning framework to schedule a committee of theorganized curricula. The framework is established upon the reinforcementlearning paradigm, which automatically chooses different curricula at theevolving learning process according to the learning status of the neuraldialogue generation model. Extensive experiments conducted on fivestate-of-the-art models demonstrate its learning efficiency and effectivenesswith respect to 13 automatic evaluation metrics and human judgments.
Dust dynamics and vertical settling in gravitoturbulent protoplanetary  discs	2020	Gravitational instability (GI) controls the dynamics of young massiveprotoplanetary discs. Apart from facilitating gas accretion on to the centralprotostar, it must also impact on the process of planet formation: directlythrough fragmentation, and indirectly through the turbulent concentration ofsmall solids. To understand the latter process, it is essential to determinethe dust dynamics in such a turbulent flow. For that purpose, we conduct aseries of 3D shearing box simulations of coupled gas and dust, including thegas's self-gravity and scanning a range of Stokes numbers, from 0.001 to ~0.2.First, we show that the vertical settling of dust in the midplane issignificantly impeded by gravitoturbulence, with the dust scale-height roughly0.6 times the gas scale height for centimetre grains. This is a result of thestrong vertical diffusion issuing from (a) small-scale inertial-wave turbulencefeeding off the GI spiral waves and (b) the larger-scale vertical circulationsthat naturally accompany the spirals. Second, we show that at R=50 AUconcentration events involving sub-metre particles and yielding order 1 dust togas ratios are rare and last for less than an orbit. Moreover, dustconcentration is less efficient in 3D than in 2D simulations. We conclude thatGI is not especially prone to the turbulent accumulation of dust grains.Finally, the large dust scale-height measured in simulations could be, in thefuture, compared with that of edge-on discs seen by ALMA, thus aiding detectionand characterisation of GI in real systems.
An integral method for the calculation of the reduction in interfacial  free energy due to interfacial segregation	2020	A method based on the Gibbs' adsorption isotherm is developed to calculatethe decrease in interfacial free energy resulting from solute segregation at aninternal interface, built on measured concentration profiles. Utilizingatom-probe tomography (APT), we first measure a concentration profile of therelative interfacial excess of solute atoms across an interface. To accomplishthis we utilize a new method based on J. W. Cahn's formalism for thecalculation of the Gibbs interfacial excess. We also introduce a method tocalculate the decrease in interfacial free energy that is caused by thesegregating solute atoms. This method yields a discrete profile of the decreasein interfacial free energies, which takes into account the measuredconcentration profile and calculated Gibbsian excess profile. We demonstratethat this method can be used for both homo- and hetero-phase interfaces andtakes into account the actual distribution of solute atoms across an interfaceas determined by APT. It is applied to the case of the semiconducting systemPbTe-PbS 12 mol.%-Na 1 mol.%, where Na segregation at the PbS/PbTe interface isanticipated to reduce the interfacial free energy of the {100} facets. We alsoconsider the case of the nickel-based Alloy 600, where B and Si segregation aresuspected to impede inter-granular stress corrosion cracking (IGSCC) at homo-(GB) and hetero-phase metal carbide (M7C3) interfaces. The concentrationprofiles associated with internal interfaces are measured by APT using anultraviolet (wavelength = 355 nm) laser to dissect nanotips on an atom-by-atomand atomic plane-by-plane basis.
Unveiling Defect-Mediated Carrier Dynamics in Monolayer Semiconductors  by Spatiotemporal Microwave Imaging	2020	The optoelectronic properties of atomically thin transition-metaldichalcogenides are strongly correlated with the presence of defects in thematerials, which are not necessarily detrimental for certain applications. Forinstance, defects can lead to an enhanced photoconduction, a complicatedprocess involving charge generation and recombination in the time domain andcarrier transport in the spatial domain. Here, we report the simultaneousspatial and temporal photoconductivity imaging in two types of WS2 monolayersby laser-illuminated microwave impedance microscopy. The diffusion length andcarrier lifetime were directly extracted from the spatial profile and temporalrelaxation of microwave signals respectively. Time-resolved experimentsindicate that the critical process for photo-excited carriers is the escape ofholes from trap states, which prolongs the apparent lifetime of mobileelectrons in the conduction band. As a result, counterintuitively, thephotoconductivity is stronger in CVD samples than exfoliated monolayers with alower defect density. Our work reveals the intrinsic time and length scales ofelectrical response to photo-excitation in van der Waals materials, which isessential for their applications in novel optoelectronic devices.
Competition of defect ordering and site disproportionation in strained  LaCoO$_{3}$ on SrTiO$_3$(001)	2020	The origin of the $3 \times 1$ reconstruction observed in epitaxialLaCoO$_{3}$ films on SrTiO$_3(001)$ is assessed by using first-principlescalculations including a Coulomb repulsion term. We compile a phase diagram asa function of the oxygen pressure, which shows that ($3 \times 1$)-orderedoxygen vacancies (LaCoO$_{2.67}$) are favored under commonly used growthconditions, while stoichiometric films emerge under oxygen-rich conditions.Growth of further reduced LaCoO$_{2.5}$ brownmillerite films is impeded byphase separation. We report two competing ground-state candidates forstoichiometric films: a semimetallic phase with $3 \times 1$low-spin/intermediate-spin/intermediate-spin magnetic order and asemiconducting phase with intermediate-spin magnetic order. This demonstratesthat tensile strain induces ferromagnetism even in the absence of oxygenvacancies. Both phases exhibit an intriguing ($3 \times 1$)-reconstructedoctahedral rotation pattern and accordingly modulated La-La distances. Inparticular, charge and bond disproportionation and concomitant orbital order ofthe $t_{2g}$ hole emerge at the Co sites that are also observed for unstrainedbulk LaCoO$_3$ in the intermediate-spin state and explain structural dataobtained by x-ray diffraction at elevated temperature. Site disproportionationdrives a metal-to-semiconductor transition that reconciles theintermediate-spin state with the experimentally observed low conductivityduring spin-state crossover without Jahn-Teller distortions.
Data-mining for Fault-Zone Detection of Distance Relay in FACTS-Based  Transmission	2020	In this study, the problem of fault zone detection of distance relaying inFACTS-based transmission lines is analyzed. Existence of FACTS devices on thetransmission line, when they are included in the fault zone, from the distancerelay point of view, causes different problems in determining the exactlocation of the fault by changing the impedance seen by the relay. The extentof these changes depends on the parameters that have been set in FACTS devices.To solve the problem associated with these compensators, two instruments forseparation and analysis of three-line currents, from the relay point of view atfault instance, have been utilized. The wavelet transform was used to separatethe high-frequency components of the three-line currents, and the supportvector machine (using methods for multi-class usage) was used forclassification of fault location into three protection regions of distancerelay. Besides, to investigate the effects of TCSC location on fault zonedetection of distance relay, two places, one in fifty percent of line lengthand the other in seventy-five percent of line length, have been considered astwo scenarios for confirmation of the proposed method. Simulations indicatethat this method is effective in the protection of FACTS-based transmissionlines.
Optical signatures of shear collective modes in strongly interacting  Fermi liquids	2020	The concept of Fermi liquid lays a solid cornerstone to the understanding ofelectronic correlations in quantum matter. This ordered many-body state,entailed by the Pauli exclusion principle, rigorously organizes electrons atzero temperature in progressively higher momentum states, up to the Fermisurface. As such, it displays rigidity against perturbations, with consequenceslike Fermi-surface resonances manifesting themselves in longitudinal andtransverse collective modes, as observed in liquid helium. However, the questfor understanding and probing Fermi-liquid collective modes in chargedsolid-state systems remains a challenge. In this paper I analyze the transverseshear response of neutral and charged three-dimensional Fermi liquids as afunction of temperature, excitation frequency and momentum, for interactionsexpressed in terms of the first symmetric Landau parameter. I consider theeffect of momentum-conserving quasiparticle collisions and momentum-relaxingscattering in relaxation-time approximation on the coupling between photons andFermi-surface collective modes, thus deriving the Fermi-liquid opticalconductivity and dielectric function. In the high-frequency, long-wavelengthexcitation regime the electrodynamic response entails two coherent andfrequency-degenerate polaritons, and its spatial nonlocality is encoded by afrequency- and interaction-dependent Fermi-liquid generalized shear modulus; inthe opposite high-momentum low-frequency regime anomalous skin effect takesplace. I identify observable signatures of propagating shear collective modesin optical spectroscopy experiments, with applications to the surface impedanceand the optical transmission of thin films.
AC-frequency switchable correlated transports in rare-earth perovskite  nickelates	2020	Whilst electron correlations were previously recognized to trigger beyondconventional direct current (DC) electronic transportations (e.g.metal-to-insulator transitions, bad metal, thermistors), their respectiveinfluences to the alternation current (AC) transport are largely overlooked.Herein, we demonstrate active regulations in the electronic functionalities ofd-band correlated rare-earth nickelate (ReNiO3) thin films, by simply utilizingtheir electronic responses to AC-frequencies (fAC). Assisted by temperaturedependent near edge X-ray absorption fine structure analysis, we discoveredpositive temperature dependences in Coulomb viscosity of ReNiO3 that moderatestheir AC impedance. Distinguished crosslinking among R(Real)-fAC measured innearby temperatures is observed that differs to conventional oxides. It enablesactive adjustability in correlated transports of ReNiO3, among NTCR-, TDelta-and PTCR- thermistors, via fAC from the electronic perspective without varyingmaterials or device structures. The TDelta-fAC relationship can be furtherwidely adjusted via Re composition and interfacial strains. The AC-frequencysensitivity discovered in ReNiO3 brings in a new freedom to regulating andswitching the device working states beyond the present semiconductortechnologies. It opens a new paradigm for enriching novel electronicapplications catering automatic transmission or artificial intelligence insensing temperatures and frequencies.
Functionalized MXenes as Effective Polyselenides Immobilizer for  Lithium-Selenium Batteries: A Density Functional Theory (DFT) Study	2020	The practical applications of lithium selenium (Li-Se) batteries are impededprimarily due to the dissolution and migration of higher order polyselenides(Li2Sen) into the electrolyte (known as shuttle effect) and inactive depositionof lower order polyselenides. The high electrical conductivity and mechanicalstrengths of MXenes make them a suitable candidate to provide adequateanchoring to prevent polyselenides dissolution and improved electrochemicalperformance. Herein, we used density functional theory (DFT) calculations tounderstand the binding mechanism of Li2Sen on graphene and surfacefunctionalized Ti3C2 MXenes. We used graphene as reference material to assessLi2Sen binding strengths on functionalized Ti3C2X2 (where X = S, O, F, and Cl).We observed that Ti3C2S2 and Ti3C2O2 exhibit superior anchoring behaviorcompared to graphene, Ti3C2F2, and Ti3C2Cl2. The calculated Li2Sen adsorptionstrength provided by S and O terminated Ti3C2 are stronger than the commonlyused ether-based electrolyte, which is a requisite for effective suppression ofthe Li2Sen shuttling. The adsorbed Li2Sen on Ti3C2X2 and graphene retains theirstructural integrity without a chemical decomposition. The density of states(DOS) analysis exhibits that the conductive behavior of the Ti3C2X2 ispreserved even after Li2Sen adsorption, which can stimulate the electrochemicalactivity of involved Li2Sen chemistry. Based on our unprecedented results,Ti3C2S2 and Ti3C2O2 are found to exhibit superior anchoring behavior for Li2Senadsorption, which can be leveraged for designing effective selenium-basedcathode materials to boost the electrochemical performance of the Li-Se batterysystem
"Equilibrium of an Arbitrary Bunch Train in Presence of a Passive  Harmonic Cavity: Solution through Coupled Ha\"" issinski Equations"	2020	"We study the effect of a passive harmonic cavity, introduced to cause bunchlengthening, in an electron storage ring. We derive a formula for the inducedvoltage from such a cavity with high $Q$, excited by a a sequence of bunches,allowing for arbitrary gaps in the sequence and arbitrary currents. Except fora minor term that can be determined iteratively, the voltage is given in termsof a single mode of the Fourier transforms of the bunch forms, namely the modeat the resonant frequency of the cavity. Supposing that the only wake field isfrom the harmonic cavity, we derive a system of coupled Ha\""issinski equationswhich determine the bunch positions and profiles in the equilibrium state. Thenumber of unknowns in the system is only twice the number of bunches, and itcan be solved quickly by a Newton iteration, starting with a guess determinedby path-following from a solution at weak current. We explore the effect of thefill pattern on the bunch lengthening, and also the dependence on the shuntimpedance and detuning of the cavity away from the third harmonic of the mainaccelerating cavity. We consider two measures to reduce the effects of gaps: 1)distribution of the gaps around the ring to the greatest extent allowed, and 2)""guard bunches"" with higher charges adjacent to the gaps, compensating for thecharge missing in gaps. Results for parameters of the forthcoming ALS-U lightsource are presented."
Surface homogenization of an array of Helmholtz resonators for a  viscoacoustic model using two-scale convergence	2020	We derive the weak limit of a linear viscoacoustic model in an acoustic linerthat is a chamber connected to a periodic repetition of elongated chambers --the Helmholtz resonators. As model we consider the time-harmonic and linearizedcompressible Navier-Stokes equations for the acoustic velocity and pressure.Following the approach in Schmidt et al., J. Math. Ind 8:15, 2018 for theviscoacoustic transmission problem of multiperforated plates the viscosity isscaled as $\delta^{4}$ with the period $\delta$ of the array of chambers andthe size of the necks as well as the wall thickness like $\delta^2$ such thatthe viscous boundary layers are of the order of the size of the necks. Applyingthe method of two-scale convergence we obtain with a stability assumption inthe limit $\delta \to 0$ that the acoustic pressure fulfills the Helmholzequation with impedance boundary conditions. These boundary conditions dependon the frequency, the length of the resonators and through the effectiveRayleigh conductivity -- that can be computed numerically -- on the shape oftheir necks. We compare the limit model to semi-analytical models in theliterature.
A Topological Characterization of Modulo-p Arguments and Implications  for Necklace Splitting	2020	The classes PPA-$p$ have attracted attention lately, because they are themain candidates for capturing the complexity of Necklace Splitting with $p$thieves, for prime $p$. However, these classes are not known to have completeproblems of a topological nature, which impedes any progress towards settlingthe complexity of the problem. On the contrary, such problems have been pivotalin obtaining completeness results for PPAD and PPA, for several importantproblems, such as finding a Nash equilibrium [Daskalakis et al., 2009, Chen etal., 2009b] and Necklace Splitting with 2 thieves [Filos-Ratsikas and Goldberg,2019].  In this paper, we provide the first topological characterization of theclasses PPA-$p$. First, we show that the computational problem associated witha simple generalization of Tucker's Lemma, termed $p$-polygon-Tucker, as wellas the associated Borsuk-Ulam-type theorem, $p$-polygon-Borsuk-Ulam, arePPA-$p$-complete. Then, we show that the computational version of thewell-known BSS Theorem [Barany et al., 1981], as well as the associatedBSS-Tucker problem are PPA-$p$-complete. Finally, using a differentgeneralization of Tucker's Lemma (termed $\mathbb{Z}_p$-star-Tucker), which weprove to be PPA-$p$-complete, we prove that $p$-thieves Necklace Splitting isin PPA-$p$. All of our containment results are obtained through a newcombinatorial proof for $\mathbb{Z}_p$-versions of Tucker's lemma that is anatural generalization of the standard combinatorial proof of Tucker's lemma byFreund and Todd [1981]. We believe that this new proof technique is ofindependent interest.
Large dispersive interaction between a CMOS double quantum dot and  microwave photons	2020	We report a large coupling rate, $g_0/(2\pi)=183$ MHz, between the chargestate of a double quantum dot in a CMOS split-gate silicon nanowire transistorand microwave photons in a lumped-element resonator formed by hybridintegration with a superconducting inductor. We enhance the coupling byexploiting the large interdot lever arm of an asymmetric split-gate device,$\alpha=0.72$, and by inductively coupling to the resonator to increase itsimpedance, $Z_\text{r}=560$ $\Omega$. In the dispersive regime, the largecoupling strength at the DQD hybridisation point produces a frequency shiftcomparable to the resonator linewidth, the optimal setting for maximum statevisibility. We exploit this regime to demonstrate rapid gate-based readout ofthe charge degree of freedom, with an SNR of 3.3 in 50 ns. In the resonantregime, the fast charge decoherence rate precludes reaching the strong couplingregime, but we show a clear route to spin-photon circuit quantumelectrodynamics using hybrid CMOS systems.
Development of planar microstrip resonators for electron spin resonance  spectroscopy	2020	This work focuses on the development of planar microwave resonators which areto be used in electron spin resonance spectroscopic studies. Two halfwavelength microstrip resonators of different geometrical shapes, namelystraight ribbon and omega, are fabricated on commercially available copper cladmicrowave laminates. Both resonators have a characteristic impedance of 50{\Omega}. We have performed electromagnetic field simulations for the twomicrostrip resonators and have extracted practical design parameters which wereused for fabrication. The effect of the geometry of the resonators on thequasi-transverse electromagnetic (quasi-TEM) modes of the resonators is notedfrom simulation results. The fabrication is done using optical lithographytechnique in which laser printed photomasks are used. This rapid prototypingtechnique allows us to fabricate resonators in a few hours with accuracy up to6 mils. The resonators are characterized using a Vector Network Analyzer. Thefabricated resonators are used to standardize a home built low-temperaturecontinuous wave electron spin resonance (CW-ESR) spectrometer which operates inS-band, by capturing the absorption spectrum of the free radical DPPH, at bothroom temperature and 77 K. The measured value of g-factor using our resonatorsis consistent with the values reported in literature. The designed halfwavelength planar resonators will be eventually used in setting up a pulsedelectron spin resonance spectrometer by suitably modifying the CW-ESRspectrometer.
Differential coloration efficiency of electrochromic amorphous tungsten  oxide as a function of intercalation level: Comparison between theory and  experiment	2020	Optical absorption in amorphous tungsten oxide ($\textit{a}\mathrm{WO}_{3}$),for photon energies below that of the band gap, can be rationalized in terms ofelectronic transitions between localized states. For the study of thisphenomenon, we employed the differential coloration efficiency concept, definedas the derivative of the optical density with respect to the inserted charge.We also made use of its extension to a complex quantity in the context offrequency-resolved studies. Combined $\textit{in situ}$ electrochemical andoptical experiments were performed on electrochromic$\textit{a}\mathrm{WO}_{3}$ thin films for a wide lithium intercalation rangeusing an optical wavelength of $810~\mathrm{nm}$ ($1.53~\mathrm{eV}$).Quasi-equilibrium measurements were made by chronopotentiometry (CP). Dynamicfrequency-dependent measurements were carried out by simultaneouselectrochemical and color impedance spectroscopy (SECIS). The differentialcoloration efficiency obtained from CP changes sign at a critical intercalationlevel. Its response exhibits an excellent agreement with a theoretical modelthat considers electronic transitions between $\mathrm{W}^{4+}$,$\mathrm{W}^{5+}$, and $\mathrm{W}^{6+}$ sites. For the SECIS experiment, thelow-frequency limit of the differential coloration efficiency shows a generaltrend similar to that from CP. However, it does not change sign at a criticalion insertion level. This discrepancy could be due to degradation effectsoccurring in the films at high $\mathrm{Li}^+$ insertion levels. Themethodology and results presented in this work can be of great interest bothfor the study of optical absorption in disordered materials and forapplications in electrochromism.
Plasmonic Instabilities in Two-dimensional Electron Channels of Variable  Width	2020	"Understanding of fundamental physics of plasmonic instabilities is the keyissue for the design of a new generation of compact electronic devices requiredfor numerous THz applications. Variable width plasmonic devices have emerged aspotential candidates for such an application. The analysis of the variablewidth plasmonic devices presented in this paper shows that these structuresenable both the Dyakonov-Shur instability (when the electron drift velocityeverywhere in the device remains smaller than the plasma velocity) and the""plasmonic boom"" instability that requires drift velocity exceeding the plasmavelocity in some of the device sections. For symmetrical structures, thedrifting current could be provided by an RF signal leading to RF to THz and THzto RF frequency conversion using the source and drain antennas and reducinglosses associated with ohmic contacts. We show that narrow regions protrudingfrom the channel (""plasmonic stubs"") could control and optimize boundaryconditions at the contacts and/or at the interfaces between different devicesections. These sections could be combined into plasmonic crystals yieldingenhanced power and a better impedance matching. The mathematics of the problemsis treated using the transmission line analogy. We show that the combination ofthe stubs and the variable width channels is required for the instability risein an optimized plasmonic crystal. Our estimates show that THz plasmoniccrystal oscillators could operate at room temperature."
An MILP Approach for Distribution Grid Topology Identification using  Inverter Probing	2020	Although knowing the feeder topology and line impedances is a prerequisitefor solving any grid optimization task, utilities oftentimes have limited oroutdated information on their electric network assets. Given the rampantintegration of smart inverters, we have previously advocated perturbing theirpower injections to unveil the underlying grid topology using the inducedvoltage responses. Under an approximate grid model, the perturbed powerinjections and the collected voltage deviations obey a linear regression setup,where the unknown is the vector of line resistances. Building on this model,topology processing can be performed in two steps. Given a candidate radialtopology, the line resistances can be estimated via a least-squares (LS) fit onthe probing data. The topology attaining the best fit can be then selected. Toavoid evaluating the exponentially many candidate topologies, this two-stepapproach is uniquely formulated as a mixed-integer linear program (MILP) usingthe McCormick relaxation. If the recovered topology is not radial, a second,computationally more demanding MILP confines the search only within radialtopologies. Numerical tests explain how topology recovery depends on the noiselevel and probing duration, and demonstrate that the first simpler MILP yieldsa tree topology in 90% of the cases tested.
Data Manipulation: Towards Effective Instance Learning for Neural  Dialogue Generation via Learning to Augment and Reweight	2020	Current state-of-the-art neural dialogue models learn from humanconversations following the data-driven paradigm. As such, a reliable trainingcorpus is the crux of building a robust and well-behaved dialogue model.However, due to the open-ended nature of human conversations, the quality ofuser-generated training data varies greatly, and effective training samples aretypically insufficient while noisy samples frequently appear. This impedes thelearning of those data-driven neural dialogue models. Therefore, effectivedialogue learning requires not only more reliable learning samples, but alsofewer noisy samples. In this paper, we propose a data manipulation framework toproactively reshape the data distribution towards reliable samples byaugmenting and highlighting effective learning samples as well as reducing theeffect of inefficient samples simultaneously. In particular, the datamanipulation model selectively augments the training samples and assigns animportance weight to each instance to reform the training data. Note that, theproposed data manipulation framework is fully data-driven and learnable. It notonly manipulates training samples to optimize the dialogue generation model,but also learns to increase its manipulation skills through gradient descentwith validation samples. Extensive experiments show that our framework canimprove the dialogue generation performance with respect to 13 automaticevaluation metrics and human judgments.
Towards Federated Learning in UAV-Enabled Internet of Vehicles: A  Multi-Dimensional Contract-Matching Approach	2020	Coupled with the rise of Deep Learning, the wealth of data and enhancedcomputation capabilities of Internet of Vehicles (IoV) components enableeffective Artificial Intelligence (AI) based models to be built. Beyond grounddata sources, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) based service providers for datacollection and AI model training, i.e., Drones-as-a-Service, is increasinglypopular in recent years. However, the stringent regulations governing dataprivacy potentially impedes data sharing across independently owned UAVs. Tothis end, we propose the adoption of a Federated Learning (FL) based approachto enable privacy-preserving collaborative Machine Learning across a federationof independent DaaS providers for the development of IoV applications, e.g.,for traffic prediction and car park occupancy management. Given the informationasymmetry and incentive mismatches between the UAVs and model owners, weleverage on the self-revealing properties of a multi-dimensional contract toensure truthful reporting of the UAV types, while accounting for the multiplesources of heterogeneity, e.g., in sensing, computation, and transmissioncosts. Then, we adopt the Gale-Shapley algorithm to match the lowest cost UAVto each subregion. The simulation results validate the incentive compatibilityof our contract design, and shows the efficiency of our matching, thusguaranteeing profit maximization for the model owner amid informationasymmetry.
Domain decomposition preconditioners for high-order discretisations of  the heterogeneous Helmholtz equation	2020	We consider one-level additive Schwarz domain decomposition preconditionersfor the Helmholtz equation with variable coefficients (modelling wavepropagation in heterogeneous media), subject to boundary conditions thatinclude wave scattering problems. Absorption is included as a parameter in theproblem. This problem is discretised using $H^1$-conforming nodal finiteelements of fixed local degree $p$ on meshes with diameter $h = h(k)$, chosenso that the error remains bounded with increasing $k$. The action of theone-level preconditioner consists of the parallel solution of problems onsubdomains (which can be of general geometry), each equipped with an impedanceboundary condition. We prove rigorous estimates on the norm and field of valuesof the left- or right-preconditioned matrix that show explicitly how theabsorption, the heterogeneity in the coefficients and the dependence on thedegree enter the estimates. These estimates prove rigorously that, with enoughabsorption and for $k$ large enough, GMRES is guaranteed to converge in anumber of iterations that is independent of $k,p,$ and the coefficients. Thetheoretical threshold for $k$ to be large enough depends on $p$ and on thelocal variation of coefficients in subdomains (and not globally). Extensivenumerical experiments are given for both the absorptive and the propagativecases; in the latter case we investigate examples both when the coefficientsare nontrapping and when they are trapping. These experiments (i) support ourtheory in terms of dependence on polynomial degree and the coefficients; (ii)support the sharpness of our field of values estimates in terms of the level ofabsorption required.
Detecting and Characterizing Extremist Reviewer Groups in Online Product  Reviews	2020	Online marketplaces often witness opinion spam in the form of reviews. Peopleare often hired to target specific brands for promoting or impeding them bywriting highly positive or negative reviews. This often is done collectively ingroups. Although some previous studies attempted to identify and analyze suchopinion spam groups, little has been explored to spot those groups who target abrand as a whole, instead of just products.  In this paper, we collected reviews from the Amazon product review site andmanually labelled a set of 923 candidate reviewer groups. The groups areextracted using frequent itemset mining over brand similarities such that usersare clustered together if they have mutually reviewed (products of) a lot ofbrands. We hypothesize that the nature of the reviewer groups is dependent on 8features specific to a (group, brand) pair. We develop a feature-basedsupervised model to classify candidate groups as extremist entities. We runmultiple classifiers for the task of classifying a group based on the reviewswritten by the users of that group, to determine if the group shows signs ofextremity. A 3-layer Perceptron based classifier turns out to be the bestclassifier. We further study the behaviours of such groups in detail tounderstand the dynamics of brand-level opinion fraud better. These behavioursinclude consistency in ratings, review sentiment, verified purchase, reviewdates and helpful votes received on reviews. Surprisingly, we observe thatthere are a lot of verified reviewers showing extreme sentiment, which onfurther investigation leads to ways to circumvent existing mechanisms in placeto prevent unofficial incentives on Amazon.
How to Securely Prune Bitcoin's Blockchain	2020	Bitcoin was the first successful decentralized cryptocurrency and remains themost popular of its kind to this day. Despite the benefits of its blockchain,Bitcoin still faces serious scalability issues, most importantly itsever-increasing blockchain size. While alternative designs introduced schemesto periodically create snapshots and thereafter prune older blocks,already-deployed systems such as Bitcoin are often considered incapable ofadopting corresponding approaches. In this work, we revise this popular beliefand present CoinPrune, a snapshot-based pruning scheme that is fully compatiblewith Bitcoin. CoinPrune can be deployed through an opt-in velvet fork, i.e.,without impeding the established Bitcoin network. By requiring miners topublicly announce and jointly reaffirm recent snapshots on the blockchain,CoinPrune establishes trust into the snapshots' correctness even in thepresence of powerful adversaries. Our evaluation shows that CoinPrune reducesthe storage requirements of Bitcoin already by two orders of magnitude today,with further relative savings as the blockchain grows. In our experiments,nodes only have to fetch and process 5 GiB instead of 230 GiB of data whenjoining the network, reducing the synchronization time on powerful devices fromcurrently 5 h to 46 min, with even more savings for less powerful devices.
Considerations in optimizing CMB polarization experiments to constrain  inflationary physics	2005	We quantify the limiting factors in optimizing current-technology cosmicmicrowave background (CMB) polarization experiments in order to learn aboutinflationary physics. We consider space-based, balloon-borne and ground-basedexperiments. We find that foreground contamination and residuals fromforeground subtraction are ultimately the limiting factors in detecting aprimordial gravity wave signal. For full-sky space-based experiments, thesefactors hinder the detection of tensor-to-scalar ratios of r < 10^{-3} on largescales, while for ground-based experiments these factors impede the ability toapply delensing techniques. We consider ground-based/balloon-borne experimentsof currently planned or proposed designs and find that it is possible for avalue of r=0.01 to be measured at ~ 3-sigma level. A small space-based CMBpolarization experiment, with current detector technology and full skycoverage, can detect r ~ 10^{-3} at the ~ 3-sigma level, but a markedlyimproved knowledge of polarized foregrounds is needed. We advocate using aswide a frequency coverage as possible in order to carry out foregroundsubtraction at the percent level, which is necessary to measure such a smallprimordial tensor amplitude. To produce a clearly detectable (>3-sigma) tensorcomponent in a realistic CMB experiment, inflation must either involvelarge-field variations, \Delta\phi >~ 1 or multi-field/hybrid models. Hybridmodels can be easily distinguished from large-field models due to their bluescalar spectral index. Therefore, an observation of a tensor/scalar ratio and n< 1 in future experiments with the characteristics considered here may be anindication that inflation is being driven by some physics in which the inflatoncannot be described as a fundamental field.
Magneto-electrodynamics at high frequencies in the antiferromagnetic and  superconducting states of DyNi_2B_2C	1997	We report the observation of novel behaviour in the radio frequency (rf) andmicrowave response of DyNi_2B_2C over a wide range of temperature (T) andmagnetic field (H) in the antiferromagnetic (AFM) and superconducting (SC)states. At microwave frequencies of 10 GHz, the T dependence of the surfaceimpedance Z_s=R_s+iX_s was measured which yields the T dependence of thecomplex conductivity \sigma_1-i\sigma_2 in the SC and AFM states. At radiofrequencies (4 MHz), the H and T dependence of the penetration depth\lambda(T,H) were measured. The establishment of antiferromagnetic order atT_N=10.3 K results in a marked decrease in the scattering of charge carriers,leading to sharp decreases in R_s and X_s. However, R_s and X_s differ fromeach other in the AFM state. We show that the results are consistent withconductivity relaxation whence the scattering rate becomes comparable to themicrowave frequency. The rf measurements yield a rich dependence of thescattering on the magnetic field near and below T_N. Anomalous decrease ofscattering at moderate applied fields is observed at temperatures near andabove T_N, and arises due to a crossover from a negative magnetoresistancestate, possibly associated with a loss of spin disorder scattering at lowfields, to a positive magnetoresistance state associated with the metallicnature. The normal state magnetoresistance is positive at all temperatures for\mu_0H>2T and at all fields for T>15K. Several characteristic field andtemperature scales associated with metamagnetic transitions (H_M1(T), H_M2(T))and onset of spin disorder H_D(T), in addition to T_c, T_N and H_c2(T) areobserved in the rf measurements.
Effect of revised $R_n$ measurements on extended Gari-Krumpelmann model  fits to nucleon electromagnetic form factors	2006	The extended Gari-Krumpelmann (GK) model of nucleon electromagnetic formfactors, in which the $\rho$, $\rho'$, $\omega$, $\omega'$ and $\phi$ vectormeson pole contributions evolve at high momentum transfer to conform to thepredictions of perturbative QCD (pQCD), was recently shown to provide a verygood overall fit to all the nucleon electromagnetic form factor (emff) data,including the preliminary $R_p$ and $R_n$ polarization data available in 2002,but excluding the older $G_{Ep}$ and $G_{En}$ differential cross section datathat was inconsistent with the $R_p$ and $R_n$ data. The recently publishedfinal version of the polarization data of the electric to magnetic ratio $R_p$differs little from the preliminary values for the former, but the new valuesof $R_n$ are midway between the preliminary values and those inferred from thedifferential cross section data and the Rosenbluth separation. A new fit of theparameters of the same model has been made with the final $R_p$ and $R_n$ datareplacing the preliminary values and the addition of some new $R_n$ and$G_{Mn}$ data. Again there is a good fit to all the data when excluding thedifferentialcross section data that is inconsistent with the polarization data.This includes a very good fit of the $R_p$ data, which was not possible whenthe differential cross section $G_(En)$ data was used in place of thepolarization $R_n$ data. Thus the change between the preliminary and final$R_n$ data, while substantial, has not impeded the good simultaneous fit to theneutron and proton data. The parameters, fit to the data and predictions of thenew model are compared to those of the previous models. Low momentum structuresthat appear in some data analyses are partially reproduced by the model.
Longitudinal Wake Field for an Electron Beam Accelerated through a  Ultra-High Field Gradient	2006	Electron accelerators with higher and higher longitudinal field gradients aredesirable, as they allow for the production of high energy beams by means ofcompact and cheap setups. The new laser-plasma acceleration technique appearsto constitute the more promising breakthrough in this direction, deliveringunprecedent field gradients up to TV/m. In this article we give a quantitativedescription of the impact of longitudinal wake fields on the electron beam. Ourpaper is based on the solution of Maxwell's equations for the longitudinalfield. Our conclusions are valid when the acceleration distance is much smallerthan the the overtaking length, that is the length that electrons travel as alight signal from the tail of the bunch overtakes the head of the bunch. Thiscondition is well verified for laser-plasma devices. We calculate a closedexpression for the impedance and the wake function that may be evaluatednumerically. It is shown that the rate of energy loss in the bunch due toradiative interaction is equal to the energy emitted through coherent radiationin the far-zone. Furthermore, an expression is found for the asymptotic limitof a large distance of the electron beam from the accelerator compared with theovertaking length. Such expression allows us to calculate analytical solutionsfor a Gaussian transverse and longitudinal bunch shape. Finally, we study thefeasibility of Table-Top Free-Electron Lasers in the Vacuum Ultra-Violet(TT-VUV FEL) and X-ray range (TT-XFEL), respectively based on 100 MeV and 1 GeVlaser-plasma accelerator drivers. Numerical estimations presented in this paperindicate that the effects of the time-dependent energy change induced by thelongitudinal wake pose a serious threat to the operation of these devices.
Precise comparison of theory and new experiment for the Casimir force  leads to stronger constraints on thermal quantum effects and long-range  interactions	2005	We report an improved dynamic determination of the Casimir pressure betweentwo plane plates obtained using a micromachined torsional oscillator. The mainimprovements in the current experiment are a significant suppression of thesurface roughness of the Au layers deposited on the interacting surfaces, and adecrease in the experimental error in the measurement of the absoluteseparation. A metrological analysis of all data permitted us to determine boththe random and systematic errors, and to find the total experimental error as afunction of separation at the 95% confidence level. In contrast to all previousexperiments on the Casimir effect, our smallest experimental error ($\sim0.5$%) is achieved over a wide separation range. The theoretical Casimirpressures in the experimental configuration were calculated by the use of fourtheoretical approaches suggested in the literature. All corrections to theCasimir force were calculated or estimated. All theoretical errors wereanalyzed and combined to obtain the total theoretical error at the 95%confidence level. Finally, the confidence interval for the differences betweentheoretical and experimental pressures was obtained as a function ofseparation. Our measurements are found to be consistent with two theoreticalapproaches utilizing the plasma model and the surface impedance over the entiremeasurement region. Two other approaches to the thermal Casimir force,utilizing the Drude model or a special prescription for the determination ofthe zero-frequency contribution to the Lifshitz formula, are excluded on thebasis of our measurements at the 99% and 95% confidence levels, respectively.Finally, constraints on Yukawa-type hypothetical interactions are strengthenedby up to a factor of 20 in a wide interaction range.
SIM PlanetQuest Key Project Precursor Observations to Detect Gas Giant  Planets Around Young Stars	2007	We present a review of precursor observing programs for the SIM PlanetQuestKey project devoted to detecting Jupiter mass planets around young stars. Inorder to ensure that the stars in the sample are free of various sources ofastrometric noise that might impede the detection of planets, we have initiatedprograms to collect photometry, high contrast images, interferometric data andradial velocities for stars in both the Northern and Southern hemispheres. Wehave completed a high contrast imaging survey of target stars in Taurus and thePleiades and found no definitive common proper motion companions within onearcsecond (140 AU) of the SIM targets. Our radial velocity surveys have shownthat many of the target stars in Sco-Cen are fast rotators and a few stars inTaurus and the Pleiades may have sub-stellar companions. Interferometric dataof a few stars in Taurus show no signs of stellar or sub-stellar companionswith separations of <5 mas. The photometric survey suggests that approximatelyhalf of the stars initially selected for this program are variable to a degree(1 sigma>0.1 mag) that would degrade the astrometric accuracy achievable forthat star. While the precursor programs are still a work in progress, weprovide a comprehensive list of all targets ranked according to their viabilityas a result of the observations taken to date. By far, the observable thatmoves the most targets from the SIM-YSO program is photometric variability.
Developing and Deploying Advanced Algorithms to Novel Supercomputing  Hardware	2007	The objective of our research is to demonstrate the practical usage andorders of magnitude speedup of real-world applications by using alternativetechnologies to support high performance computing. Currently, the main barrierto the widespread adoption of this technology is the lack of development toolsand case studies that typically impede non-specialists that might otherwisedevelop applications that could leverage these technologies. By partnering withthe Innovative Systems Laboratory at the National Center for Supercomputing, wehave obtained access to several novel technologies, including severalField-Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) systems, NVidia Graphics Processing Units(GPUs), and the STI Cell BE platform. Our goal is to not only demonstrate thecapabilities of these systems, but to also serve as guides for others to followin our path. To date, we have explored the efficacy of the SRC-6 MAP-C andMAP-E and SGI RASC Athena and RC100 reconfigurable computing platforms insupporting a two-point correlation function which is used in a number ofdifferent scientific domains. In a brute force test, the FPGA basedsingle-processor system has achieved an almost two orders of magnitude speedupover a single-processor CPU system. We are now developing implementations ofthis algorithm on other platforms, including one using a GPU. Given theconsiderable efforts of the cosmology community in optimizing these classes ofalgorithms, we are currently working to implement an optimized version of thebasic family of correlation functions by using tree-based data structures.Finally, we are also exploring other algorithms, such as instance-basedclassifiers, power spectrum estimators, and higher-order correlation functionsthat are also commonly used in a wide range of scientific disciplines.
On-chip Integration of High-Frequency Electron Paramagnetic Resonance  Spectroscopy and Hall-Effect Magnetometry	2008	A sensor that integrates high sensitivity micro-Hall effect magnetometry andhigh-frequency electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy capabilities on asingle semiconductor chip is presented. The Hall-effect magnetometer wasfabricated from a two dimensional electron gas GaAs/AlGaAs heterostructure inthe form of a cross, with a 50x50 um2 sensing area. A high-frequency microstripresonator is coupled with two small gaps to a transmission line with a 50 Ohmsimpedance. Different resonator lengths are used to obtain quasi-TEM fundamentalresonant modes in the frequency range 10-30 GHz. The resonator is positioned ontop of the active area of the Hall-effect magnetometer, where the magneticfield of the fundamental mode is largest, thus optimizing the conversion ofmicrowave power into magnetic field at the sample position. The two gapscoupling the resonator and transmission lines are engineered differently. Thegap to the microwave source is designed to optimize the loaded quality factorof the resonator (Q = 150) while the gap for the transmitted signal is larger.This latter gap minimizes losses and prevents distortion of the resonance whileenabling measurement of the transmitted signal. The large filling factor of theresonator permits sensitivities comparable to that of high-quality factorresonant cavities. The integrated sensor enables measurement of themagnetization response of micron scale samples upon application of microwavefields. In particular, the combined measurement of the magnetization change andthe microwave power under cw microwave irradiation of single crystal ofmolecular magnets is used to determine of the energy relaxation time of themolecular spin states. In addition, real time measurements of the magnetizationdynamics upon application of fast microwave pulses are demonstrated
RAId_aPS: MS/MS analysis with multiple scoring functions and  spectrum-specific statistics	2008	Statistically meaningful comparison/combination of peptide identificationresults from various search methods is impeded by the lack of a universalstatistical standard. Providing an E-value calibration protocol, wedemonstrated earlier the feasibility of translating either the score orheuristic E-value reported by any method into the textbook-defined E-value,which may serve as the universal statistical standard. This protocol, althoughrobust, may lose spectrum-specific statistics and might require a newcalibration when changes in experimental setup occur. To mitigate these issues,we developed a new MS/MS search tool, RAId_aPS, that is able to providespectrum-specific E-values for additive scoring functions. Given a selection ofscoring functions out of RAId score, K-score, Hyperscore and XCorr, RAId_aPSgenerates the corresponding score histograms of all possible peptides usingdynamic programming. Using these score histograms to assign E-values enables acalibration-free protocol for accurate significance assignment for each scoringfunction. RAId_aPS features four different modes: (i) compute the total numberof possible peptides for a given molecular mass range, (ii) generate the scorehistogram given a MS/MS spectrum and a scoring function, (iii) reassignE-values for a list of candidate peptides given a MS/MS spectrum and thescoring functions chosen, and (iv) perform database searches using selectedscoring functions. In modes (iii) and (iv), RAId_aPS is also capable ofcombining results from different scoring functions using spectrum-specificstatistics. The web link ishttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/CBBresearch/Yu/raid_aps/index.html. Relevantbinaries for Linux, Windows, and Mac OS X are available from the same page.
Performance of the Imaging Fourier Transform Spectrometer with  Photoconductive Detector Arrays: An Application for the AKARI Far-Infrared  Instrument	2008	We have developed an imaging Fourier transform spectrometer (FTS) forspace-based far-infrared astronomical observations. The FTS employs a newlydeveloped photoconductive detector arrays with a capacitive trans-impedanceamplifier, which makes the FTS a completely unique instrument. The FTS wasinstalled as a function of the far-infrared instrument (FIS: Far-InfraredSurveyor) on the Japanese astronomical satellite, AKARI, which was launched onFebruary 21, 2006 (UT) from the Uchinoura Space Center. The FIS-FTS had beenoperated for more than one year before liquid helium ran out on August 26,2007. The FIS-FTS was operated nearly six hundreds times, which corresponds tomore than one hundred hours of astronomical observations and almost the sameamount of time for calibrations. As expected from laboratory measurements, theFIS-FTS performed well and has produced a large set of astronomical data forvaluable objects. Meanwhile, it becomes clear that the detector transienteffect is a considerable factor for FTSs with photoconductive detectors. Inthis paper, the instrumentation of the FIS-FTS and interesting phenomenarelated to FTS using photoconductive detectors are described, and futureapplications of this kind of FTS system are discussed.
Starburst Galaxies: Outflows of Metals and Energy into the IGM	2009	"What is the contribution of mass, metals and energy from starburst galaxiesto the Intergalactic Medium? Starburst galaxies drive galactic-scale outflowsor ""superwinds"" that may be responsible for removing metals from galaxies andpolluting the Intergalactic Medium (IGM). In the last decade tremendousprogress was made in mapping cool entrained gas in superwinds throughUV/optical imaging and absorption line spectroscopy. These studies demonstratedthat superwinds are ubiquitous in galaxies forming stars at high surfacedensities and that the most powerful starbursts can drive outflows near escapevelocity. Theoretical models of galaxy evolution have begun to incorporatesuperwinds, using various ad-hoc prescriptions based on our knowledge of thecool gas. However, these efforts are fundamentally impeded by our lack ofinformation about the hot phase of these outflows. The hot X-ray emitting phaseof a superwind contains the majority of its energy and newly-synthesizedmetals, and given its high specific energy and inefficient cooling it is alsothe component most likely escape from the galaxy's gravitational potentialwell. Knowledge of the chemical composition and velocity of the hot gas arecrucial to assess the energy and chemical feedback from a starburst. A highpriority for the next decade is to enable direct measurements to be made of therates at which starburst galaxies of all masses eject gas, metals, and energyinto the IGM. This will require a high sensitivity X-ray imaging spectrometercapable of measuring velocities in faint diffuse X-ray emission with a velocityaccuracy of ~ 100 km/s. Such spectral resolution automatically allows detailedline-based plasma diagnostics, and thus composition, energetics and flow ratescan be derived."
Electronic spin transport in graphene field effect transistors	2009	Spin transport experiments in graphene, a single layer of carbon atoms,indicate spin relaxation times that are significantly shorter than thetheoretical predictions. We investigate experimentally whether these short spinrelaxation times are due to extrinsic factors, such as spin relaxation causedby low impedance contacts, enhanced spin flip processes at the device edges orthe presence of an aluminium oxide layer on top of graphene in some samples.Lateral spin valve devices using a field effect transistor geometry allowed forthe investigation of the spin relaxation as a function of the charge density,going continuously from metallic hole to electron conduction (charge densitiesof $n\sim 10^{12}$cm$^{-2}$) via the Dirac charge neutrality point ($n \sim0$). The results are quantitatively described by a one dimensional spindiffusion model where the spin relaxation via the contacts is taken intoaccount. Spin valve experiments for various injector/detector separations andspin precession experiments reveal that the longitudinal (T$_1$) and thetransversal (T$_2$) relaxation times are similar. The anisotropy of the spinrelaxation times $\tau_\parallel$ and $\tau_\perp$, when the spins are injectedparallel or perpendicular to the graphene plane, indicates that the effectivespin orbit fields do not lie exclusively in the two dimensional graphene plane.Furthermore, the proportionality between the spin relaxation time and themomentum relaxation time indicates that the spin relaxation mechanism is of theElliott-Yafet type. For carrier mobilities of 2-5$\times 10^3$ cm$2^$/Vs andfor graphene flakes of 0.1-2 $\mu$m in width, we found spin relaxation times ofthe order of 50-200 ps, times which appear not to be determined by theextrinsic factors mentioned above.
CCH in prestellar cores	2009	We study the abundance of CCH in prestellar cores both because of its role inthe chemistry and because it is a potential probe of the magnetic field. Wealso consider the non-LTE behaviour of the N=1-0 and N=2-1 transitions of CCHand improve current estimates of the spectroscopic constants of CCH. We usedthe IRAM 30m radiotelescope to map the N=1-0 and N=2-1 transitions of CCHtowards the prestellar cores L1498 and CB246. Towards CB246, we also mapped the1.3 mm dust emission, the J=1-0 transition of N2H+ and the J=2-1 transition ofC18O. We used a Monte Carlo radiative transfer program to analyse the CCHobservations of L1498. We derived the distribution of CCH column densities andcompared with the H2 column densities inferred from dust emission. We find thatwhile non-LTE intensity ratios of different components of the N=1-0 and N=2-1lines are present, they are of minor importance and do not impede CCH columndensity determinations based upon LTE analysis. Moreover, the comparison of ourMonte-Carlo calculations with observations suggest that the non-LTE deviationscan be qualitatively understood. For L1498, our observations in conjunctionwith the Monte Carlo code imply a CCH depletion hole of radius 9 x 10^{16} cmsimilar to that found for other C-containing species. We briefly discuss thesignificance of the observed CCH abundance distribution. Finally, we used ourobservations to provide improved estimates for the rest frequencies of all sixcomponents of the CCH(1-0) line and seven components of CCH(2-1). Based onthese results, we compute improved spectroscopic constants for CCH. We alsogive a brief discussion of the prospects for measuring magnetic field strengthsusing CCH.
The effects of stellar population synthesis on the distributions of the  asteroseismic observables _max and  of red-clump stars	2010	The distributions of the frequencies of the maximum oscillation Power({\nu}_max) and the large frequency separation ( {\Delta}{\nu}) of red giantstars observed by CoRoT have a dominant peak. Miglio et al. (2009) identifiedthat the stars are red-clump stars. Using stellar population synthesis method,we studied the effects of Reimers mass loss, binary interactions, starformation rate and the mixing-length parameter on the distributions of the{\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu} of red-clump stars. The Reimers mass loss canresult in an increase in the {\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu} of old populationwhich lost a considerable amount of mass. However, it leads to a small decreasein those of middle-age population which lost a little bit of mass. Furthermore,a high mass-loss rate impedes the low-mass and low-metal stars evolving intocore-helium burning (CHeB) stage. Both Reimers mass loss and star formationrate mainly affect the number of CHeB stars with {\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu},but hardly affect the peak locations of {\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu}. Binaryinteractions also can lead to an increase or decrease in the {\nu}_max and{\Delta}{\nu} of some stars. However, the fraction of CHeB stars undergoingbinary interactions is very small in our simulations. Therefore, the peaklocations are also not affected by binary interactions. The non-uniformdistributions of {\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu} are mainly caused by the most ofred-clump stars having an approximate radius rather than mass. The radius ofred-clump stars decreases with increasing the mixing-length parameter. The peaklocations of {\nu}_max and {\Delta}{\nu} can, thus, be affected by themixing-length parameter.
Modeling the frequency response of microwave radiometers with QUCS	2010	Characterization of the frequency response of coherent radiometric receiversis a key element in estimating the flux of astrophysical emissions, since themeasured signal depends on the convolution of the source spectral emission withthe instrument band shape.  Laboratory Radio Frequency (RF) measurements of the instrument bandpass oftenrequire complex test setups and are subject to a number of systematic effectsdriven by thermal issues and impedance matching, particularly if cryogenicoperation is involved.  In this paper we present an approach to modeling radiometers bandpasses byintegrating simulations and RF measurements of individual components. Thismethod is based on QUCS (Quasi Universal Circuit Simulator), an open-sourcecircuit simulator, which gives the flexibility of choosing among the availabledevices, implementing new analytical software models or using measuredS-parameters. Therefore an independent estimate of the instrument bandpass isachieved using standard individual component measurements and validatedanalytical simulations.  In order to automate the process of preparing input data, running simulationsand exporting results we developed the Python package python-qucs and releasedit under GNU Public License.  We discuss, as working cases, bandpass response modeling of the COFE andPlanck Low Frequency Instrument (LFI) radiometers and compare results obtainedwith QUCS and with a commercial circuit simulator software. The main purpose ofbandpass modeling in COFE is to optimize component matching, while in LFI theyrepresent the best estimation of frequency response, since end-to-endmeasurements were strongly affected by systematic effects.
ADAM: Analysis of Discrete Models of Biological Systems Using Computer  Algebra	2010	Background: Many biological systems are modeled qualitatively with discretemodels, such as probabilistic Boolean networks, logical models, Petri nets, andagent-based models, with the goal to gain a better understanding of the system.The computational complexity to analyze the complete dynamics of these modelsgrows exponentially in the number of variables, which impedes working withcomplex models. Although there exist sophisticated algorithms to determine thedynamics of discrete models, their implementations usually requirelabor-intensive formatting of the model formulation, and they are oftentimesnot accessible to users without programming skills. Efficient analysis methodsare needed that are accessible to modelers and easy to use. Method: Byconverting discrete models into algebraic models, tools from computationalalgebra can be used to analyze their dynamics. Specifically, we propose amethod to identify attractors of a discrete model that is equivalent to solvinga system of polynomial equations, a long-studied problem in computer algebra.Results: A method for efficiently identifying attractors, and the web-basedtool Analysis of Dynamic Algebraic Models (ADAM), which provides this and otheranalysis methods for discrete models. ADAM converts several discrete modeltypes automatically into polynomial dynamical systems and analyzes theirdynamics using tools from computer algebra. Based on extensive experimentationwith both discrete models arising in systems biology and randomly generatednetworks, we found that the algebraic algorithms presented in this manuscriptare fast for systems with the structure maintained by most biological systems,namely sparseness, i.e., while the number of nodes in a biological network maybe quite large, each node is affected only by a small number of other nodes,and robustness, i.e., small number of attractors.
Influence of proteins from physiological solutions on the  electrochemical behaviour of the Ti-6Al-4V alloy: reproducibility and  time-frequency dependence. ---- Influence de la teneur en protines de  solutions physiologiques sur le comportement lectrochimique du Ti-6Al-4V :  reproductibilit et reprsentation temps-frquence	2010	The electrochemical behaviour of the biomedical and metallic alloys,especially in the orthopaedic implants fields, raises many questions. Thisstudy is dedicated for studying the Ti-6Al-4V alloy, by electrochemicalimpedance spectroscopy, EIS, in various physiological media,: Ringer solution,phosphate buffered solution (PBS), PBS solution and albumin, PBS solution withcalf serum and PBS solution with calf serum and an antioxidant (sodium azide).Moreover, the desionised water was considered as the reference solution. Thetests reproducibility was investigated. The time-frequency-Module graphshighlighted that the desionised water is the most protective for the Ti-6Al-4Valloy. This biomedical alloy is the less protected in the solution constitutedby PBS and albumin. The time-frequency graph allows pointing out the graphicsignatures of adsorption for organic and inorganic species (differences betweenthe modules means in studied solution and the modules mean in the referencesolution). --- Le comportement \'electrochimique des alliages m\'etalliquesbiom\'edicaux, notamment dans le domaine des implants orthop\'ediques, poseencore de nombreuses questions. Ce travail propose d'\'etudier l'alliage detitane Ti-6Al-4V, par spectroscopie d'imp\'edance \'electrochimique, SIE, dansdiff\'erents milieux physiologiques : solution de Ringer, solution \`a based'un tampon phosphate (PBS), solution PBS avec de l'albumine, solution PBS avecdu s\'erum bovin et une solution PBS avec du s\'erum bovin et un antioxydant(azoture de sodium). De plus, une solution d'eau ultra-pure servira der\'ef\'erence. La reproductibilit\'e des tests a \'et\'e \'etudi\'ee. Lesrepr\'esentations temps-fr\'equence des modules ont mis en \'evidence que l'eaud\'esionis\'ee est la solution qui pr\'esente le caract\`ere le plus protecteurpour le Ti-6Al-4V. Cet alliage de titane est le moins prot\'eg\'e dans lasolution de PBS contenant de l'albumine. Cette repr\'esentation permet demettre en \'evidence des signatures graphiques d'adsorption des esp\`ecesinorganiques et organiques (diff\'erences entre les moyennes des modules dansles solutions \'etudi\'ees et la moyenne des modules dans la solution der\'ef\'erence).
UHECR Acceleration in Dark Matter Filaments of Cosmological Structure  Formation	2011	A mechanism for proton acceleration to ~10^21eV is suggested. It may operatein accretion flows onto thin dark matter filaments of cosmic structureformation. The flow compresses the ambient magnetic field to strongly increaseand align it with the filament. Particles begin the acceleration by the ExBdrift with the accretion flow. The energy gain in the drift regime is limitedby the conservation of the adiabatic invariant p_perp^2/B. Upon approaching thefilament, the drift turns into the gyro-motion around the filament so that theparticle moves parallel to the azimuthal electric field. In this 'betatron'regime the acceleration speeds up to rapidly reach the electrodynamic limit$cp_{max}=eBR$ for an accelerator with magnetic field $B$ and the orbit radius$R$ (Larmor radius). The periodic orbit becomes unstable and the particleslings out of the filament to the region of a weak (uncompressed) magneticfield, which terminates the acceleration.  The mechanism requires pre-acceleration that is likely to occur in structureformation shocks upstream or nearby the filament accretion flow. Previousstudies identify such shocks as efficient proton accelerators to a firm upperlimit ~10^19.5 eV placed by the catastrophic photo-pion losses. The presentmechanism combines explosive energy gain in its final (betatron) phase withprompt particle release from the region of strong magnetic field. It is thiscombination that allows protons to overcome both the photo-pion and thesynchrotron-Compton losses and therefore attain energy 10^21 eV. A requirementon accelerator to reach a given E_max placed by the accelerator energydissipation \propto E_{max}^{2}/Z_0 due to the finite vacuum impedance Z_0 iscircumvented by the cyclic operation of the accelerator.
Comparison of Error Estimations by DERs in One-Port S and SLO Calibrated  VNA Measurements and Application	2011	In order to demonstrate the usefulness of the only one existing method forsystematic error estimations in VNA (Vector Network Analyzer) measurements byusing complex DERs (Differential Error Regions), we compare one-port VNAmeasurements after the two well-known calibration techniques: the quickreflection response, that uses only a single S (Short circuit) standard, andthe time-consuming full one-port, that uses a triple of SLO standards (Shortcircuit, matching Load, Open circuit). For both calibration techniques, thecomparison concerns: (a) a 3D geometric representation of the differencebetween VNA readings and measurements, and (b) a number of presentation figuresfor the DERs and their polar DEIs (Differential Error Intervals) of thereflection coefficient, as well as, the DERs and their rectangular DEIs of thecorresponding input impedance. In this paper, we present the application ofthis method to an AUT (Antenna Under Test) selected to highlight the existenceof practical cases in which the time consuming calibration technique results asystematic error estimation stripe including almost all of that of quickcalibration.
Xenon Recirculation-Purification with a Heat Exchanger	2011	Liquid-xenon based particle detectors have been dramatically growing in sizeduring the last years, and are now exceeding the one-ton scale. The requiredhigh xenon purity is usually achieved by continuous recirculation of xenon gasthrough a high-temperature getter. This challenges the traditional way ofcooling these large detectors, since in a thermally well insulated detector,most of the cooling power is spent to compensate losses from recirculation. Thephase change during recondensing requires five times more cooling power thancooling the gas from ambient temperature to -100C (173 K). Thus, to reduce thecooling power requirements for large detectors, we propose to use the heat fromthe purified incoming gas to evaporate the outgoing xenon gas, by means of aheat exchanger. Generally, a heat exchanger would appear to be only of verylimited use, since evaporation and liquefaction occur at zero temperaturedifference. However, the use of a recirculation pump reduces the pressure ofthe extracted liquid, forces it to evaporate, and thus cools it down. We showthat this temperature difference can be used for an efficient heat exchangeprocess. We investigate the use of a commercial parallel plate heat exchangerwith a small liquid xenon detector. Although we expected to be limited by theavailable cooling power to flow rates of about 2 SLPM, rates in excess of 12SLPM can easily be sustained, limited only by the pump speed and the impedanceof the flow loop. The heat exchanger operates with an efficiency of (96.8 +/-0.5)%. This opens the possibility for fast xenon gas recirculation inlarge-scale experiments, while minimizing thermal losses.
Heat Transfer and Reconnection Diffusion in Turbulent Magnetized Plasmas	2011	It is well known that magnetic fields constrain motions of charged particles,impeding the diffusion of charged particles perpendicular to magnetic fielddirection. This modification of transport processes is of vital importance fora wide variety of astrophysical processes including cosmic ray transport,transfer of heavy elements in the interstellar medium, star formation etc.Dealing with these processes one should keep in mind that in realisticastrophysical conditions magnetized fluids are turbulent. In this review wesingle out a single transport process, namely, heat transfer and consider howit occurs in the presence of the magnetized turbulence. We show that theability of magnetic field lines to constantly change topology and connectivityis at the heart of the correct description of the 3D magnetic fieldstochasticity in turbulent fluids. This ability is ensured by fast magneticreconnection in turbulent fluids and puts forward the concept of reconnectiondiffusion at the core of the physical picture of heat transfer in astrophysicalplasmas. Appealing to reconnection diffusion we describe the ability of plasmato diffuse between different magnetized eddies explaining the advection of theheat by turbulence. Adopting the structure of magnetic field that follows fromthe modern understanding of MHD turbulence, we also discuss thermalconductivity that arises as electrons stream along stochastic magnetic fieldlines. We compare the effective heat transport that arise from the twoprocesses and conclude that in many astrophysically-motivated cased eddyadvection of heat dominates. Finally, we discuss the concepts of sub andsuperdiffusion and show that the subdiffusion requires rather restrictivesettings. At the same time, accelerated diffusion or superdiffusion of heat ispossible on the scales less than the injection scale of the turbulence.
The First Galaxies: Assembly under Radiative Feedback from the First  Stars	2012	We investigate how radiative feedback from the first stars affects theassembly of the first dwarf galaxies. We perform cosmological zoomed SPHsimulations of a dwarf galaxy assembling inside a halo of virial mass 10^9solar at z = 10. The simulations follow the non-equilibrium chemistry/coolingof primordial gas and the conversion of the gas into metal-free stars. Toquantify the radiative feedback, we compare a simulation in which stars emitboth molecular hydrogen dissociating and hydrogen/helium ionizing radiationwith a simulation in which stars emit only dissociating radiation, and with asimulation in which stars remain dark. Photodissociation and -ionization exerta strong negative feedback on the assembly of the simulated galaxy. Gascondensation is strongly impeded, and star formation is strongly suppressed incomparison with the simulation in which stars remain dark. The feedback on thegas implies a suppression of the central dark matter densities in the minihaloprogenitor by factors of up to a few, which is a significant deviation from thesingular isothermal density profile characterizing the dark matter distributionin the absence of radiative feedback. The evolution of gas densities, starformation rates, and the distribution of dark matter becomes insensitive to theinclusion of dissociating radiation in the late stages of the minihaloassembly, and it becomes insensitive to the inclusion of ionizing radiationonce the minihalo turns into an atomically cooling galaxy. The formation of anextended disk inside the dwarf galaxy is a robust outcome not affected by theinclusion of radiation. We estimate that dwarf galaxies such as simulated herewill be among the faintest galaxies the upcoming James Webb Space Telescopewill detect. Our conclusions are subject to our neglect of feedback fromsupernovae and chemical enrichment as well as to cosmic variance. [abridged]
From dust to planetesimals: an improved model for collisional growth in  protoplanetary disks	2012	"Planet formation occurs within the gas and dust rich environments ofprotoplanetary disks. Observations of these objects show that the growth ofprimordial sub micron sized particles into larger aggregates occurs at theearliest stages of the disks. However, theoretical models of particle growththat use the Smoluchowski equation to describe collisional coagulation andfragmentation have so far failed to produce large particles while maintaining asignificant populations of small grains. This has been generally attributed tothe existence of two barriers impeding growth due to bouncing and fragmentationof colliding particles. In this paper, we demonstrate that the importance ofthese barriers has been artificially inflated through the use of simplifiedmodels that do not take into account the stochastic nature of the particlemotions within the gas disk. We present a new approach in which the relativevelocities between two particles is described by a probability distributionfunction that models both deterministic motion and stochastic motion. Takingboth into account can give quite different results to what has been consideredrecently in other studies. We demonstrate the vital effect of two ""ingredients""for particle growth: the proper implementation of a velocity distributionfunction that overcomes the bouncing barrier and, in combination with masstransfer in high-mass-ratio collisions, boosts the growth of larger particlesbeyond the fragmentation barrier. A robust result of our simulations is theemergence of two particle populations (small and large), potentially explainingsimultaneously a number of long-standing problems in protoplanetary disks,including planetesimal formation close to the central star, the presence of mmto cm size particles far out in the disk, and the persistence of micron-sizegrains for millions of years."
Extra-Low-Frequency Magnetic Fields alter Cancer Cells through Metabolic  Restriction	2012	Background: Biological effects of extra-low-frequency (ELF) magnetic fields(MF) have lacked a credible mechanism of interaction between MFs and livingmaterial. Objectives: Examine the effect of ELF-MFs on cancer cells. Methods:Five cancer cell lines were exposed to ELF-MFs within the range of 0.025 to 5microT, and the cells were examined for karyotype changes after 6 days.Results: All cancer cells lines lost chromosomes from MF exposure, with amostly flat dose-response. Constant MF exposures for three weeks allow a risingreturn to the baseline, unperturbed karyotypes. From this point, small MFincreases or decreases are again capable of inducing karyotype contractions.Our data suggests that the karyotype contractions are caused by MF interferencewith mitochondria's ATP synthase (ATPS), compensated by the action ofAMP-activated Protein Kinase (AMPK). The effects of MFs are similar to those ofthe ATPS inhibitor oligomycin. They are amplified by metformin, an AMPKstimulator, and attenuated by resistin, an AMPK inhibitor. Over environmentalMFs, karyotype contractions of various cancer cell lines show exceptionallywide and flat dose-responses, except for those of erythro-leukemia cells, whichdisplay a progressive rise from 0.025 to 0.4 microT. Conclusions: Thebiological effects of MFs are connected to an alteration in the structure ofwater that impedes the flux of protons in ATPS channels. These results may beenvironmentally important, in view of the central roles played in humanphysiology by ATPS and AMPK, particularly in their links to diabetes, cancerand longevity.
High-impedence NbSi TES sensors for studying the cosmic microwave  background radiation	2012	Precise measurements of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) are crucial incosmology, because any proposed model of the universe must account for thefeatures of this radiation. Of all CMB measurements that the scientificcommunity has not yet been able to perform, the CMB B-mode polarization isprobably the most challenging from the instrumental point of view. Thesignature of primordial gravitational waves, which give rise to a B-typepolarization, is one of the goals in cosmology today and amongst the firstobjectives in the field. For this purpose, high-performance low-temperaturebolometric cameras, made of thousands of pixels, are currently being developedby many groups, which will improve the sensitivity to B-mode CMB polarizationby one or two orders of magnitude compared to the Planck satellite HFIdetectors. We present here a new bolometer structure that is able to increasethe pixel sensitivities and to simplify the fabrication procedure. Thisinnovative device replaces delicate membrane-based structures and eliminatesthe mediation of phonons: the incoming energy is directly captured and measuredin the electron bath of an appropriate sensor and the thermal decoupling isachieved via the intrinsic electron-phonon decoupling of the sensor at very lowtemperature. Reported results come from a 204-pixel array of Nb$_{x}$Si$_{1-x}$transition edge sensors with a meander structure fabricated on a 2-inch siliconwafer using electron-beam co-evaporation and a cleanroom lithography process.To validate the application of this device to CMB measurements, we haveperformed an optical calibration of our sample in the focal plane of a dilutioncryostat test bench. We have demonstrated a light absorption close to 20% andan NEP of about 7$\times10^{-16}$ W/$\sqrt{Hz}$, which is highly encouraginggiven the scope for improvement in this type of detectors.
Synthetic description of the piano soundboard mechanical mobility	2012	An expression of the piano soundboard mechanical mobility (in the directionnormal to the soundboard) depending on a small number of parameters and validup to several kHz is given in this communication. Up to 1.1 kHz, ourexperimental and numerical investigations confirm previous results showing thatthe soundboard behaves like a homogeneous plate with isotropic properties andclamped boundary conditions. Therefore, according to the Skudrzyk mean-valuetheorem (Skudrzyk 1980), only the mass of the structure M, the modal densityn(f), and the mean loss factor eta(f), are needed to express the averagedriving point mobility. Moreover, the expression of the envelope - resonancesand antiresonances - of the mobility can be derived, according to (Langley1994). We measured the modal loss factor and the modal density of thesoundboard of an upright piano in playing condition, in an anechoicenvironment. The measurements could be done up to 2.5 kHz, with a novelhigh-resolution modal analysis technique (see the ICA companion-paper, Ege andBoutillon (2010)). Above 1.1 kHz, the change in the observed modal densitytogether with numerical simulations confirm Berthaut's finding that the wavesin the soundboard are confined between adjacent ribs (Berthaut et al. 2003).Extending the Skudrzyk and Langley approaches, we synthesize the mechanicalmobility at the bridge up to 2.5 kHz. The validity of the computation for anextended spectral domain is discussed. It is also shown that the evolution ofthe modal density with frequency is consistent with the rise of mobility (fallof impedance) in this frequency range and that both are due to the inter-ribeffect appearing when the half-wavelength becomes equal to the rib spacing.Results match previous observations by Wogram (1980), Conklin (1996), Giordano(1998), Nakamura (1983) and could be used for numerical simulations forexample. This approach avoids the detailed description of the soundboard, basedon a very high number of parameters. However, it can be used to predict thechanges of the driving point mobility, and possibly of the sound radiation inthe treble range, resulting from structural modifications.
An absolutely stable discontinuous Galerkin method for the indefinite  time-harmonic Maxwell equations with large wave number	2012	This paper develops and analyzes an interior penalty discontinuous Galerkin(IPDG) method using piecewise linear polynomials for the indefinite timeharmonic Maxwell equations with the impedance boundary condition in the threedimensional space. The main novelties of the proposed IPDG method include thefollowing: first, the method penalizes not only the jumps of the tangentialcomponent of the electric field across the element faces but also the jumps ofthe tangential component of its vorticity field; second, the penalty parametersare taken as complex numbers of negative imaginary parts. For the differentialproblem, we prove that the sesquilinear form associated with the Maxwellproblem satisfies a generalized weak stability (i.e., inf-sup condition) forstar-shaped domains.Such a generalized weak stability readily inferswave-number explicit a priori estimates for the solution of the Maxwellproblem, which plays an important role in the error analysis for the IPDGmethod. For the proposed IPDG method, we show that the discrete sesquilinearform satisfies a coercivity for all positive mesh size $h$ and wave number $k$and for general domains including non-star-shaped ones. In turn, the coercivityeasily yields the well-posedness and stability estimates (i.e., a prioriestimates) for the discrete problem without imposing any mesh constraint. Basedon these discrete stability estimates, by adapting a nonstandard error estimatetechnique of Fung and Wu (2009), we derive both the energy-norm and the$L^2$-norm error estimates for the IPDG method in all mesh parameter regimesincluding pre-asymptotic regime (i.e., $k^2 h\gtrsim 1$). Numerical experimentsare also presented to gauge the theoretical results and to numerically examinethe pollution effect (with respect to $k$) in the error bounds.
An analysis method for transmission measurements of superconducting  resonators with applications to quantum-regime dielectric-loss measurements	2013	Superconducting resonators provide a convenient way to measure loss tangentsof various dielectrics at low temperature. For the purpose of examining themicroscopic loss mechanisms in dielectrics, precise measurements of theinternal quality factor at different values of energy stored in the resonatorsare required. Here, we present a consistent method to analyze a LCsuperconducting resonator coupled to a transmission line. We first derive anapproximate expression for the transmission S-parameter $S_{21}$ based on acomplete circuit model. In the weak coupling limit, we show that the internalquality factor is reliably determined by fitting the approximate form of$S_{21}$. Since the voltage $V$ of the capacitor of the LC circuit is requiredto determine the energy stored in the resonator, we next calculate the relationbetween $V$ and the forward propagating wave voltage $V_{in}^+$. Due to thedependence of the quality factor on voltage, $V$ is not simply proportional to$V_{in}^+$. We find a self-consistent way to determine the relation between $V$and $V_{in}^+$, which employs only the fitting parameters for $S_{21}$ and alinear scaling factor. We then examine the resonator transmission in the casesof port reflection and impedance mismatch. We find that resonator transmissionasymmetry is primarily due to the reflection from discontinuity in transmissionlines. We show that our analysis method to extract the internal quality factoris robust in the non-ideal cases above. Finally, we show that the analysismethod on LC resonator can be generalize to arbitrary weakly coupled lumped anddistributed resonators. The generalization uses a systematic approximation onthe response function based on the pole and zero which are the closest to theresonance frequency. This Closest Pole and Zero Method (CPZM) is a valuabletool for analyzing physical measurements of high-Q resonators.
Nebular emission and the Lyman continuum photon escape fraction in  CALIFA early-type galaxies	2013	"We use deep integral field spectroscopy data from the CALIFA survey to studythe warm interstellar medium (WIM) of 32 nearby early-type galaxies (ETGs). Wepropose a tentative subdivision of our sample ETGs into two groups, accordingto their Ha equivalent width (EW) and Lyman continuum (LyC) photon escapefraction (PLF). Type i ETGs show nearly constant EWs and a PLF~0, suggestingthat photoionization by post-AGB stars is the main driver of their faintextranuclear nebular emission. Type ii ETGs are characterized by very low,outwardly increasing EWs, and a PLF as large as ~0.9 in their centers. Suchproperties point to a low, and inwardly decreasing WIM density and/or volumefilling factor. We argue that, because of extensive LyC photon leakage,emission-line luminosities and EWs are reduced in type ii ETG nuclei by atleast one order of magnitude. Consequently, the line weakness of these ETGs isby itself no compelling evidence for their containing merely ""weak""(sub-Eddington accreting) active galactic nuclei (AGN). In fact, LyC photonescape, which has heretofore not been considered, may constitute a key elementin understanding why many ETGs with prominent signatures of AGN activity inradio continuum and/or X-ray wavelengths show only faint emission lines andweak signatures of AGN activity in their optical spectra. The LyC photonescape, in conjunction with dilution of nuclear EWs by line-of-sightintegration through a triaxial stellar host, can systematically impededetection of AGN in gas-poor galaxy spheroids through optical emission-linespectroscopy. We further find that type i and ii ETGs differ little (~0.4 dex)in their mean BPT line ratios, which in both cases are characteristic ofLINERs. This potentially hints at a degeneracy of the projected,luminosity-weighted BPT ratios for the specific 3D properties of the WIM inETGs. (abridged)"
Instability of high dimensional Hamiltonian Systems: Multiple resonances  do not impede diffusion	2013	We consider models given by Hamiltonians of the form$$H(I,\phi,p,q,t;\epsilon) = h(I) + \sum_{j = 1}^n \pm(\frac{1}{2} p_j^2 +V_j(q_j)) + \epsilon Q(I,\phi,p,q,t;\epsilon)$$ where $I,\phi$ ared-dimensional actions and angles, $p,q$ are n-dimensional real conjugatedvariables, and $t$ is an angle. These are higher dimensional analogues, both inthe center and hyperbolic directions, of the models studied in previous papersby the athors. All these models present the large gap problem.  We show that, for $\epsilon$ small enough, under regularity and explicitnon-degeneracy conditions on the model, there are orbits whose action variables$I$ perform rather arbitrary excursions in a domain of size O(1). This domainincludes resonance lines and, hence, large gaps among $d$-dimensional KAM tori.  The method of proof follows closely the strategy of [DLS(=Delshams, Llave andSeara) 2006]. The main new phenomenon that appears when the dimension $d$ ofthe center directions is larger than one, is the existence of multipleresonances. We show that, since these multiple resonances happen in sets ofcodimension greater than one in the space of actions $I$, they can becontoured. This corresponds to the mechanism called diffusion across resonancesin the Physics literature.  The present paper, however, differs substantially from [DLS 2006]. On thetechnical details of the proofs, we have taken advantage of the theory of thescattering map [DLS 2008], not available when the above papers were written. Wehave analyzed the conditions imposed on the resonances in more detail.  More precisely, we have found that there is a simple condition on theMelnikov potential which allows us to conclude that the resonances are crossed.In particular, this condition does not depend on the resonances. So that theresults are new even when applied to the models in [DLS 2006].
Revisiting linear dynamics of non-axisymmetric perturbations in weakly  magnetized accretion discs	2013	We investigate linear dynamics of non-axisymmetric perturbations inincompressible, vertically stratified Keplerian discs with a weak verticalmagnetic field in the shearing box approximation. Perturbations are decomposedinto shearing waves whose evolution is followed via numerical integration ofthe linearized ideal MHD equations. There are two basic modes in the system --inertia-gravity waves and magnetic mode, which displays the magnetorotationalinstability (MRI). As distinct from previous studies, we introduce`eigenvariables' characterizing each (counter-propagating) component of theinertia-gravity and magnetic modes, which are governed by a set of four firstorder coupled ordinary differential equations. This allowed us to identify anew process of linear coupling of the two above non-axisymmetric modes due tothe disc's differential rotation. We did a comparative analysis of the dynamicsof non-axisymmetric and axisymmetric magnetic mode perturbations. It is shownthat the growth of optimal and close-to-optimal non-axisymmetric harmonics ofthis mode, having transient nature, can prevail over the exponential growth ofaxisymmetric ones (i.e., over the axisymmetric MRI) during dynamical time. Apossible implication of this result for axisymmetric channel solutions isdiscussed. Specifically, the formation of the channel may be affected/impededby non-axisymmetric modes already at the early linear stage leading to itsuntimely disruption -- the outcome strongly depends on the amplitude andspectrum of initial perturbation. So, this competition may result in anuncertainty in the magnetic mode's non-linear dynamics. It is also shown that amaximum non-axisymmetric growth is at vertical wavelengths close to thescale-height for which compressibility effects are important. This indirectlysuggests that compressibility plays a role in the dynamics of thenon-axisymmetric MRI.
Modelling strong seismic ground motion: three-dimensional loading path  versus wavefield polarization	2013	Seismic waves due to strong earthquakes propagating in surficial soil layersmay both reduce soil stiffness and increase the energy dissipation into thesoil. To investigate seismic wave amplification in such cases, past studieshave been devoted to one-directional shear wave propagation in a soil column(1D-propagation) considering one motion component only (1C-polarization). Threeindependent purely 1C computations may be performed ('1D-1C' approach) anddirectly superimposed in the case of weak motions (linear behaviour). Thisresearch aims at studying local site effects by considering seismic wavepropagation in a 1-D soil profile accounting for the influence of the 3-Dloading path and non-linear hysteretic behaviour of the soil. In the proposed'1D-3C' approach, the three components (3C-polarization) of the incident waveare simultaneously propagated into a horizontal multilayered soil. A 3-Dnon-linear constitutive relation for the soil is implemented in the frameworkof the Finite Element Method in the time domain. The complex rheology of soilsis modelled by mean of a multisurface cyclic plasticity model of theMasing-Prandtl-Ishlinskii-Iwan type. The great advantage of this choice is thatthe only data needed to describe the model is the modulus reduction curve. Aparametric study is carried out to characterize the changes in the seismicmotion of the surficial layers due to both incident wavefield properties andsoil non-linearities. The numerical simulations show a seismic responsedepending on several parameters such as polarization of seismic waves, materialelastic and dynamic properties, as well as on the impedance contrast betweenlayers and frequency content and oscillatory character of the input motion. The3-D loading path due to the 3C-polarization leads to multi-axial stressinteraction that reduces soil strength and increases non-linear effects. Thenon-linear behaviour of the soil may have beneficial or detrimental effects onthe seismic response at the free surface, depending on the energy dissipationrate. Free surface time histories, stress-strain hysteresis loops and in-depthprofiles of octahedral stress and strain are estimated for each soil column.The combination of three separate 1D-1C non-linear analyses is compared to theproposed 1D-3C approach, evidencing the influence of the 3C-polarization andthe 3-D loading path on strong seismic motions.
Mathematical models for geometric control theory	2013	"Just as an explicit parameterisation of system dynamics by state, i.e., achoice of coordinates, can impede the identification of general structure, soit is too with an explicit parameterisation of system dynamics by control.However, such explicit and fixed parameterisation by control is commonplace incontrol theory, leading to definitions, methodologies, and results that dependin unexpected ways on control parameterisation. In this paper a framework ispresented for modelling systems in geometric control theory in a manner thatdoes not make any choice of parameterisation by control; the systems are called""tautological control systems."" For the framework to be coherent, it relies ina fundamental way on topologies for spaces of vector fields. As such, classesof systems are considered possessing a variety of degrees of regularity:finitely differentiable; Lipschitz; smooth; real analytic. In each case,explicit geometric seminorms are provided for the topologies of spaces ofvector fields that enable straightforward descriptions of time-varying vectorfields and control systems. As part of the development, theorems are proved forregular (including real analytic) dependence on initial conditions of flows ofvector fields depending measurably on time. Classes of ""ordinary"" controlsystems are characterised that interact with the regularity under considerationin a comprehensive way. In this framework, for example, the statement that ""asmooth or real analytic control-affine system is a smooth or real analyticcontrol system"" becomes a theorem. Correspondences between ordinary controlsystems and tautological control systems are carefully examined, and trajectorycorrespondence between the two classes is proved for control-affine systems andfor systems with general control dependence when the control set is compact."
Characterization and Physical Explanation of Energetic Particles on  Planck HFI Instrument	2014	The Planck High Frequency Instrument (HFI) has been surveying the skycontinuously from the second Lagrangian point (L2) between August 2009 andJanuary 2012. It operates with 52 high impedance bolometers cooled at 100mK ina range of frequency between 100 GHz and 1THz with unprecedented sensivity, butstrong coupling with cosmic radiation. At L2, the particle flux is about 5$cm^{-2} s^{-1}$ and is dominated by protons incident on the spacecraft.Protons with an energy above 40MeV can penetrate the focal plane unit boxcausing two different effects: glitches in the raw data from direct interactionof cosmic rays with detectors (producing a data loss of about 15% at the end ofthe mission) and thermal drifts in the bolometer plate at 100mK addingnon-gaussian noise at frequencies below 0.1Hz. The HFI consortium has madestrong efforts in order to correct for this effect on the time ordered data andfinal Planck maps. This work intends to give a view of the physical explanationof the glitches observed in the HFI instrument in-flight. To reach this goal,we performed several ground-based experiments using protons and $\alpha$particles to test the impact of particles on the HFI spare bolometers with abetter control of the environmental conditions with respect to the in-flightdata. We have shown that the dominant part of glitches observed in the datacomes from the impact of cosmic rays in the silicon die frame supporting themicro-machinced bolometric detectors propagating energy mainly by ballisticphonons and by thermal diffusion. The implications of these results for futuresatellite missions will be discussed.
Synchronization of pairwise-coupled, identical, relaxation oscillators  based on metal-insulator phase transition devices: A Model Study	2014	Computing with networks of synchronous oscillators has attracted wide-spreadattention as novel materials and device topologies have enabled realization ofcompact, scalable and low-power coupled oscillatory systems. Of particularinterest are compact and low-power relaxation oscillators that have beenrecently demonstrated using MIT (metal- insulator-transition) devices usingproperties of correlated oxides. This paper presents an analysis of thedynamics and synchronization of a system of two such identical coupledrelaxation oscillators implemented with MIT devices. We focus on twoimplementations of the oscillator: (a) a D-D configuration where complementaryMIT devices (D) are connected in series to provide oscillations and (b) a D-Rconfiguration where it is composed of a resistor (R) in series with avoltage-triggered state changing MIT device (D). The MIT device acts like ahysteresis resistor with different resistances in the two different states. Thesynchronization dynamics of such a system has been analyzed with purely chargebased coupling using a resistive (Rc) and a capacitive (Cc) element inparallel. It is shown that in a D-D configuration symmetric, identical andcapacitively coupled relaxation oscillator system synchronizes to an anti-phaselocking state, whereas when coupled resistively the system locks in phase.Further, we demonstrate that for certain range of values of Rc and Cc, abistable system is possible which can have potential applications inassociative computing. In D-R configuration, we demonstrate the existence ofrich dynamics including non-monotonic flows and complex phase relationshipgoverned by the ratios of the coupling impedance. Finally, the developedtheoretical formulations have been shown to explain experimentally measuredwaveforms of such pairwise coupled relaxation oscillators.
Cosmic-ray exposure ages of fossil micrometeorites from mid-Ordovician  sediments at Lynna River, Russia	2014	We measured the He and Ne concentrations of 50 individual extraterrestrialchromite grains recovered from mid-Ordovician (lower Darriwilian) sedimentsfrom the Lynna River section near St. Petersburg, Russia. High concentrationsof solar wind-like He and Ne found in most grains indicate that they weredelivered to Earth as micrometeoritic dust, while their abundance,stratigraphic position and major element composition indicate an origin relatedto the L chondrite parent body (LCPB) break-up event, 470 Ma ago. Compared tosediment-dispersed extraterrestrial chromite (SEC) grains extracted from coevalsediments at other localities, the grains from Lynna River are both highlyconcentrated and well preserved. As in previous work, in most grains from LynnaRiver, high concentrations of solar wind-derived He and Ne impede a clearquantification of cosmic-ray produced He and Ne. However, we have found severalSEC grains poor in solar wind Ne, showing a resolvable contribution ofcosmogenic 21Ne. This makes it possible, for the first time, to determinerobust cosmic-ray exposure (CRE) ages in these fossil micrometeorites, on theorder of a few hundred-thousand years. These ages are similar to the CRE agesmeasured in chromite grains from cm-sized fossil meteorites recovered fromcoeval sediments in Sweden. As the CRE ages are shorter than the orbital decaytime of grains of this size by Poynting-Robertson drag, this suggests that thegrains were delivered to Earth through direct injection into an orbitalresonance. We demonstrate how CRE ages of fossil micrometeorites can be used,in principle, to determine sedimentation rates, and to correlate the sedimentsat Lynna River with the fossil meteorite-bearing sediment layers in Sweden.
The Effects of Lyman-Limit Systems on the Evolution and Observability of  the Epoch of Reionization	2016	"We present the first large-scale, full radiative transfer simulations of thereionization of the intergalactic medium in the presence of Lyman-limit systems(LLSs). To illustrate the impact of LLS opacity, possibly missed by previoussimulations, we add either a uniform or spatially-varying hydrogen bound-freeopacity. This opacity, implemented as the mean free path (mfp) of the ionizingphotons, extrapolates the observed, post-reionization redshift dependence intothe epoch of reionization. In qualitative agreement with previous studies, wefind that at late times the presence of LLSs slows down the ionization fronts,and alters the size distribution of H II regions. We quantitativelycharacterize the size distribution and morphological evolution of H II regionsand examine the effects of the LLSs on the redshifted 21-cm signal from thepatchy reionization. The presence of LLSs extends the ionization history by$\Delta z \sim 0.8$. The LLS absorbers significantly impede the late-timegrowth of the H II regions. The position dependent LLS distribution slowsreionization further and additionally limits the late growth of the ionizedregions. However, there is no ""freeze out"" of the H II regions and the largestregions grow to the size of the simulation volume. The 21-cm power spectra showthat at large scales the power drops by a factor of 2 for 50% and 75%ionization stages (at $k = 0.1$ $\text{h} \, \text{Mpc}^{-1} $) reflecting thelimiting effect of the LLSs on the growth of ionized patches. The statisticalobservables such as the RMS of the brightness temperature fluctuations and thepeak amplitudes of the 21-cm power spectra at large-scales ($k = 0.05 - 0.1$$\text{h} \, \text{Mpc}^{-1} $) are diminished by the presence of LLS."
Recent Progress in Molecular Simulation of Aqueous Electrolytes: Force  Fields, Chemical Potentials and Solubility	2016	"Although aqueous electrolytes are among the most important solutions, themolecular simulation of their intertwined properties of chemical potentials,solubility and activity coefficients has remained a challenging problem, andhas attracted considerable recent interest. In this perspectives review, wefocus on the simplest case of aqueous sodium chloride at ambient conditions anddiscuss the two main factors that have impeded progress. The first is lack ofconsensus with respect to the appropriate methodology for force field (FF)development. We examine how most commonly used FFs have been developed, andemphasize the importance of distinguishing between ""Training Set Properties""used to fit the FF parameters, and ""Test Set Properties"", which are purepredictions of additional properties. The second is disagreement amongsolubility results obtained, even using identical FFs and thermodynamicconditions. Solubility calculations have been approached using boththermodynamic--based methods and direct molecular dynamics--based methodsimplementing coexisting solution and solid phases. Although convergence hasbeen very recently achieved among results based on the former approach, thereis as yet no general agreement with simulation results based on the lattermethodology. We also propose a new method to directly calculate the electrolytestandard chemical potential in the Henry-Law ideality model. We conclude bymaking recommendations for calculating solubility, chemical potentials andactivity coefficients, and outline a potential path for future progress."
The VIPERS Multi-Lambda Survey. II. Diving with massive galaxies in 22  square degrees since z = 1.5	2016	We investigate the evolution of the galaxy stellar mass function (SMF) andstellar mass density from redshift z=0.2 to z=1.5 of a $K_{AB}$<22-selectedsample with highly reliable photometric redshifts and over an unprecedentedlylarge area. Our study is based on NIR observations carried out with WIRCam atCFHT over the footprint of the VIPERS spectroscopic survey and benefits fromthe high quality optical photometry from the CFHTLS and UV observations withthe GALEX satellite. The accuracy of our photometric redshifts is $\sigma_z$ <0.03 and 0.05 for the bright ($i_{AB}$<22.5) and faint ($i_{AB}$>22.5) samples,respectively. The SMF is measured with ~760,000 galaxies down to $K_s$=22 andover an effective area of ~22.4 deg$^2$, the latter of which drasticallyreduces the statistical uncertainties (i.e. Poissonian error & cosmicvariance). We point out the importance of a careful control of the photometriccalibration, whose impact becomes quickly dominant when statisticaluncertainties are reduced, which will be a major issue for future generation ofcosmological surveys with, e.g. EUCLID or LSST. By exploring the rest-frame(NUV-r) vs (r-$K_s$) color-color diagram separating star-forming and quiescentgalaxies, (1) we find that the density of very massive log($M_*/ M_{\odot}$) >11.5 galaxies is largely dominated by quiescent galaxies and increases by afactor 2 from z~1 to z~0.2, which allows for additional mass assembly via drymergers, (2) we confirm a scenario where star formation activity is impededabove a stellar mass log($M^*_{SF} / M_{\odot}$) = 10.64$\pm$0.01, a value thatis found to be very stable at 0.2 < z < 1.5, (3) we discuss the existence of amain quenching channel that is followed by massive star-forming galaxies, andfinally (4) we characterise another quenching mechanism required to explain theclear excess of low-mass quiescent galaxies observed at low redshift.
The Hydrogen Epoch of Reionization Array Dish II: Characterization of  Spectral Structure with Electromagnetic Simulations and its science  Implications	2016	We use time-domain electromagnetic simulations to determine the spectralcharacteristics of the Hydrogen Epoch of Reionization Arrays (HERA) antenna.These simulations are part of a multi-faceted campaign to determine theeffectiveness of the dish's design for obtaining a detection of redshifted 21cm emission from the epoch of reionization. Our simulations show the existenceof reflections between HERA's suspended feed and its parabolic dish reflectorthat fall below -40 dB at 150 ns and, for reasonable impedance matches, have anegligible impact on HERA's ability to constrain EoR parameters. It followsthat despite the reflections they introduce, dishes are effective forincreasing the sensitivity of EoR experiments at relatively low cost. We findthat electromagnetic resonances in the HERA feed's cylindrical skirt, which isintended to reduce cross coupling and beam ellipticity, introduces significantpower at large delays ($-40$ dB at 200 ns) which can lead to some loss ofmeasurable Fourier modes and a modest reduction in sensitivity. Even in thepresence of this structure, we find that the spectral response of the antennais sufficiently smooth for delay filtering to contain foreground emission atline-of-sight wave numbers below $k_\parallel \lesssim 0.2$ $h$Mpc$^{-1}$, inthe region where the current PAPER experiment operates. Incorporating theseresults into a Fisher Matrix analysis, we find that the spectral structureobserved in our simulations has only a small effect on the tight constraintsHERA can achieve on parameters associated with the astrophysics ofreionization.
Electronic Spin Transport in Dual-Gated Bilayer Graphene	2016	The elimination of extrinsic sources of spin relaxation is key in realizingthe exceptional intrinsic spin transport performance of graphene. Towards this,we study charge and spin transport in bilayer graphene-based spin valve devicesfabricated in a new device architecture which allows us to make a comparativestudy by separately investigating the roles of substrate and polymer residueson spin relaxation. First, the comparison between spin valves fabricated onSiO2 and BN substrates suggests that substrate-related charged impurities,phonons and roughness do not limit the spin transport in current devices. Next,the observation of a 5-fold enhancement in spin relaxation time in theencapsulated device highlights the significance of polymer residues on spinrelaxation. We observe a spin relaxation length of ~ 10 um in the encapsulatedbilayer with a charge mobility of 24000 cm2/Vs. The carrier density dependenceof spin relaxation time has two distinct regimes; n<4 x 1012 cm-2, where spinrelaxation time decreases monotonically as carrier concentration increases, andn>4 x 1012 cm-2, where spin relaxation time exhibits a sudden increase. Thesudden increase in the spin relaxation time with no corresponding signature inthe charge transport suggests the presence of a magnetic resonance close to thecharge neutrality point. We also demonstrate, for the first time, spintransport across bipolar p-n junctions in our dual-gated device architecturethat fully integrates a sequence of encapsulated regions in its design. At lowtemperatures, strong suppression of the spin signal was observed while atransport gap was induced, which is interpreted as a novel manifestation ofimpedance mismatch within the spin channel.
Filling-dependent doublon dynamics in the one-dimensional Hubbard model	2016	The fate of a local two-hole doublon excitation in the one-dimensionalFermi-Hubbard model is systematically studied for strong Hubbard interaction Uin the entire filling range using the density-matrix renormalization group(DMRG) and the Bethe ansatz. For strong U, two holes at the same site form acompound object whose decay is impeded by the lack of phase space. Still, apartial decay is possible on an extremely short time scale where phase-spacearguments do not yet apply. We argue that the initial decay and the resultingintermediate state are relevant for experiments performed with ultracold atomsloaded into an optical lattice as well as for (time-resolved) CVVAuger-electron spectroscopy. The detailed discussion comprises the mixedballistic-diffusive real-time propagation of the doublon through the lattice,its partial decay on the short time scale as a function of filling andinteraction strength, as well as the analysis of the decay products, which aremetastable on the intermediate time scale that is numerically accessible andwhich show up in the two-hole excitation (Auger) spectrum. The ambivalent roleof singly occupied sites is key to understanding the doublon physics: For highfillings, ground-state configurations with single occupancies are recognized tostrongly relax the kinematic constraints and to open up decay channels. Forfillings close to half filling, however, their presence actually blocks thedoublon decay. Finally, the analysis of the continua in the two-hole spectrumexcludes a picture where the doublon decays into unbound electron holes forgeneric fillings, different from the limiting case of the completely filledband. We demonstrate that the decay products as well as the doublon propagationshould rather be understood in terms of Bethe ansatz eigenstates.
Microwave spectroscopy of vortex dynamics in ortho-II YBa2Cu3O6.52	2013	We present measurements of the vortex-state surface impedance, Z_s = R_s + iX_s, of a high quality, ortho-II-ordered single crystal of the cuprate hightemperature superconductor YBa2Cu3O6.52 (T_c = 59K). Measurements have beenmade at four microwave frequencies (\omega/2\pi = 2.64, 4.51, 9.12 and 13.97GHz), for magnetic fields ranging from 0 to 7 T. From these data we obtain thefield, frequency and temperature dependence of the vortex viscosity, pinningconstant, depinning frequency and flux-flow resistivity. The vortex viscosity,\eta(\omega,T), has a surprisingly strong frequency dependence and bears astriking resemblance to the zero-field quasiparticle conductivity,\sigma_qp(\omega,T), suggesting that the dominant dissipative mechanism for theflux lines is induced electric fields coupling to bulk, long-lived d-wavequasiparticles outside the vortex cores. This is in sharp contrast to theconventional Bardeen-Stephen picture, in which dissipation takes place insidequasi-normal vortex cores. The strong frequency dependence of the vortexviscosity in the microwave range requires us to treat it as a complex responsefunction, with an imaginary part that is predicted to contribute to theapparent pinning force on the vortices. Measurements of the frequencydependence of the pinning force confirm that this term is present, and in aform consistent with the requirements of causality. At low temperatures theflux-flow resistivity, \rho_ff \propto 1/\eta, has the form \rho_ff(T) = \rho_0+ \rho_1 \ln(1/T), reminiscent of the DC resistivity of cuprates in thepseudogap regime.
Is there a metallicity ceiling to form carbon stars? - A novel technique  reveals a scarcity of C stars in the inner M31 disk	2013	We use medium-band near-infrared (NIR) Hubble Space Telescope WFC3 photometrywith model NIR spectra of Asymptotic Giant Branch (AGB) stars to develop a newtool for efficiently distinguishing carbon-rich (C-type) AGB stars fromoxygen-rich (M-type) AGB stars in galaxies at the edge of and outside the LocalGroup. We present the results of a test of this method on a region of the innerdisk of M31, where we find a surprising lack of C stars, contrary to thefindings of previous C star searches in other regions of M31. We find only 1candidate C star (plus up to 6 additional, less certain C stars candidates),resulting in an extremely low ratio of C to M stars (C/M =(3.3(+20,-0.1))x10^-4) that is 1-2 orders of magnitude lower than other C/Mestimates in M31. The low C/M ratio is likely due to the high metallicity inthis region which impedes stars from achieving C/O > 1 in their atmospheres.These observations provide stringent constraints evolutionary models ofmetal-rich AGB stars and suggest that there is a metallicity threshold abovewhich M stars are unable to make the transition to C stars, dramaticallyaffecting AGB mass loss and dust production and, consequently, the observedglobal properties of metal-rich galaxies.
Self assembly of monodisperse CdS nano-cylinders with a pore	2013	We present investigate the self assembly and growth of an array of $CdS$nanotubes: a consequence of a fine balance of directed motion, diffusion andaggregation of reacting ${\rm Cd^{+2}}$ and ${\rm S^{-2}}$ ions. In a previouscommunication [J. Kiruthiga, A. Chatterji, J. Chem. Phys., {\bf 138} 024905(2013)], we identified the mechanism of a unexpected growth of a very uniform$CdS$ nano-cylinder from the end of a nano-channel. Furthermore, the cylinderhad a pore along the axis but were closed at one end. This unique phenomenon ofself assembly of {\em monodisperse} CdS nano-cylinders had been observed in arather simple experiment where two chambers containing 0.1 M ${\rm Cd Cl_2}$and 0.1 M ${\rm Na_2 S}$ solutions were joined by an array of anodizedaluminium oxide (AAO) nano-channels [A. Varghese, S. Datta, Phys. Rev. E., {\bf85}, 056104 (2012)]. Our previous study identified the principles governing thegrowth of a single nano-tube at the exit point of a single AAO-nano-channel. Inthis communication, we identify factors affecting the self-assembly process fornano-tubes growing out an array of closely spaced AAO nano-channel exits. Ourmodel is not $Cd^{+2}$ or $S^{2-}$ specific, the experimental scheme can beextended to self assemble a general class of reacting-diffusing A and B ionswith A (${\rm Cd^{+2}}$) selectively migrating out from a nano-channel. Inparticular, we note that after the initial prolonged growth of nanotubes, therecan arise a severe deficiency of B-ions (${\rm S^{-2}}$) ions near theAAO-nano-channel exits, the points where the reaction and aggregation occurs toform the $CdS$ nanotube, thus impeding further growth of uniform CdSnano-tubes. Thereby we predict the necessary characteristics of reactingsystems which can be self assembled using suitable adaptations of previousexperiments.
Addressing the unmet need for visualizing Conditional Random Fields in  Biological Data	2014	Background: The biological world is replete with phenomena that appear to beideally modeled and analyzed by one archetypal statistical framework - theGraphical Probabilistic Model (GPM). The structure of GPMs is a uniquely goodmatch for biological problems that range from aligning sequences to modelingthe genome-to-phenome relationship. The fundamental questions that GPMs addressinvolve making decisions based on a complex web of interacting factors.Unfortunately, while GPMs ideally fit many questions in biology, they are notan easy solution to apply. Building a GPM is not a simple task for an end user.Moreover, applying GPMs is also impeded by the insidious fact that the complexweb of interacting factors inherent to a problem might be easy to define andalso intractable to compute upon. Discussion: We propose that the visualizationsciences can contribute to many domains of the bio-sciences, by developingtools to address archetypal representation and user interaction issues in GPMs,and in particular a variety of GPM called a Conditional Random Field(CRF). CRFsbring additional power, and additional complexity, because the CRF dependencynetwork can be conditioned on the query data. Conclusions: In this manuscriptwe examine the shared features of several biological problems that are amenableto modeling with CRFs, highlight the challenges that existing visualization andvisual analytics paradigms induce for these data, and document an experimentalsolution called StickWRLD which, while leaving room for improvement, has beensuccessfully applied in several biological research projects.
Ground state properties of ultracold trapped bosons with an immersed  ionic impurity	2014	We consider a trapped atomic ensemble of interacting bosons in the presenceof a single trapped ion in a quasi one dimensional geometry. Our study iscarried out by means of the newly developed multilayer-multiconfigurationtime-dependent Hartree method for bosons, a numerical exact approach tosimulate quantum many-body dynamics. In particular, we are interested in thescenario by which the ion is so strongly trapped that its motion can beeffectively neglected. This enables us to focus on the atomic ensemble only.With the development of a model potential for the atom-ion interaction, we areable to numerically obtain the exact many-body ground state of the atomicensemble in the presence of an ion. We analyse the influence of the atom numberand the atom-atom interaction on the ground state properties. Interestingly,for weakly interacting atoms, we find that the ion impedes the transition fromthe ideal gas behaviour to the Thomas-Fermi limit. Furthermore, we show thatthis effect can be exploited to infer the presence of the ion both in themomentum distribution of the atomic cloud and by observing the interferencefringes occurring during an expansion of the quantum gas. In the stronginteracting regime, the ion modifies the fragmentation process in dependence ofthe atom number parity which allows a clear identification of the latter inexpansion experiments. Hence, we propose in both regimes experimentally viablestrategies to assess the impact of the ion on the many-body state of the atomicgas. This study serves as the first building block for systematicallyinvestigate many-body physics of such hybrid system.
The Quantum Socket: Three-Dimensional Wiring for Extensible Quantum  Computing	2016	Quantum computing architectures are on the verge of scalability, a keyrequirement for the implementation of a universal quantum computer. The nextstage in this quest is the realization of quantum error correction codes, whichwill mitigate the impact of faulty quantum information on a quantum computer.Architectures with ten or more quantum bits (qubits) have been realized usingtrapped ions and superconducting circuits. While these implementations arepotentially scalable, true scalability will require systems engineering tocombine quantum and classical hardware. One technology demanding imminentefforts is the realization of a suitable wiring method for the control andmeasurement of a large number of qubits. In this work, we introduce aninterconnect solution for solid-state qubits: The quantum socket. The quantumsocket fully exploits the third dimension to connect classical electronics toqubits with higher density and better performance than two-dimensional methodsbased on wire bonding. The quantum socket is based on spring-mounted microwires the three-dimensional wires that push directly on a micro-fabricatedchip, making electrical contact. A small wire cross section (~1 mmm), nearlynon-magnetic components, and functionality at low temperatures make the quantumsocket ideal to operate solid-state qubits. The wires have a coaxial geometryand operate over a frequency range from DC to 8 GHz, with a contact resistanceof ~150 mohm, an impedance mismatch of ~10 ohm, and minimal crosstalk. As aproof of principle, we fabricated and used a quantum socket to measuresuperconducting resonators at a temperature of ~10 mK.
A crystallographic model of the {557} habit planes in low-carbon  martensitic steels	2016	Low-alloy steels are constituted of twenty-four variants of lath martensitethat exhibit gradients of orientations from Kurdjumov-Sachs (KS) toNishiyama-Wassermann (NW). They are structured into four packets on each of thecommon close-packed plane {111}fcc// {110}bcc; and each packet is composed ofthree blocks constituted by pairs of low-misoriented variants. The habit planesreported in literature for this type of martensite are {557}fcc, but it is notclear whether they correspond to the laths or to the blocks. In this paper, wepresent crystallographic calculations proving that the average of the two KSdistortions associated with the variants in a block is exactly a NW distortion.A new method of averaging distortion matrices was introduced for this purpose.It is also shown that the {575}fcc planes are let untilted by this NWdistortion, and are thus good theoretical candidates for the observed habitplanes. The predicted {575}fcc planes, however, do not contain any of thecommon close-packed directions of the two variants in the block, which is inapparent contradiction with the current view. In order to clarify this point,some Electron BackScatter Diffraction (EBSD) maps were acquired on differentlow-carbon steels; the prior austenitic grains were automatically reconstructedand the traces of the habit planes predicted by the different models wereanalyzed and compared to the morphologies. This experimental work shows that{575}fcc planes are the habit plane of the blocks, and that the habit plane ofone block often dominates the others, which impedes to discriminate thedifferent models. The advantages of our model are its simplicity, the absenceof fitting parameters, and the symmetric role played by the variants theblocks.
Flexible superconducting Nb transmission lines on thin film polyimide  for quantum computing applications	2016	We describe progress and initial results achieved towards the goal ofdeveloping integrated multi-conductor arrays of shielded controlled-impedanceflexible superconducting transmission lines with ultra-miniature cross sectionsand wide bandwidths (dc to >10 GHz) over meter-scale lengths. Intendedprimarily for use in future scaled-up quantum computing systems, such flexiblethin-film Nb/polyimide ribbon cables provide a physically compact and ultra-lowthermal conductance alternative to the rapidly increasing number of discretecoaxial cables that are currently used by quantum computing experimentalists totransmit signals between the low-temperature stages (from ~ 4 K down to ~ 20mK) of a dilution refrigerator. S-parameters are presented for 2-metal layer Nbmicrostrip structures with lengths ranging up to 550 mm. Weakly coupledopen-circuit microstrip resonators provided a sensitive measure of the overalltransmission line loss as a function of frequency, temperature, and power. Twocommon polyimide dielectrics, one conventional and the other photo-definable(PI-2611 and HD-4100, respectively) were compared. Our most striking result,not previously reported to our knowledge, was that the dielectric loss tangentsof both polyimides are remarkably low at deep cryogenic temperatures, typically100$\times$ smaller than corresponding room temperature values. This enablesfairly long-distance transmission of microwave signals without excessiveattenuation and permits usefully high rf power levels to be transmitted withoutcreating excessive dielectric heating. We observed loss tangents as low as2.2$\times$10$^{-5}$ at 20 mK. Our fabrication techniques could be extended tomore complex structures such as multiconductor, multi-layer stripline orrectangular coax, and integrated attenuators and thermalization structures.
DC-powered Fe3+:sapphire Maser and its Sensitivity to Ultraviolet Light	2010	"The zero-field Fe3+:sapphire whispering-gallery-mode maser oscillatorexhibits several alluring features: Its output is many orders of magnitudebrighter than that of an active hydrogen maser and thus far less degraded byspontaneous-emission (Schawlow-Townes) and/or receiving-amplifier noise. Itsoscillator loop is confined to a piece of mono-crystalline rock bolted into ametal can. Its quiet amplification combined with high resonator Q provide theingredients for exceptionally low phase noise. We here concentrate on noveltiesaddressing the fundamental conundrums and technical challenges that impedeprogress. (1) Roasting: The ""mase-ability"" of sapphire depends significantly onthe chemical conditions under which it is grown and heat-treated. We providesome fresh details and nuances here. (2) Simplification: This paper obviatesthe need for a Ka-band synthesizer: it describes how a 31.3 GHz looposcillator, operating on the preferred WG pump mode, incorporating Poundlocking, was built from low-cost components. (3) ""Dark Matter"": A Siegman-levelanalysis of the experimental data determines the substitutional concentrationof Fe3+ in HEMEX to be less than a part per billion prior to roasting and up toa few hundred ppb afterwards. Chemical assays, using different techniques(incl. glow discharge mass spectra spectroscopy and neutron activationanalysis) consistently indicate, however, that HEMEX contains iron atconcentrations of a few parts per million. Drawing from severalforgotten-about/under-appreciated papers, this substantial discrepancy isaddressed. (4) Excitons: Towards providing a new means of controlling theFe3+:sapph. system, a cryogenic sapphire ring was illuminated, whilst masing,with UV light at wavelengths corresponding to known electronic andcharge-transfer (thus valence-altering) transitions. Preliminary experimentsare reported."
Dynamical stability of a thermally stratified intracluster medium with  anisotropic momentum and heat transport	2011	In weakly-collisional plasmas such as the intracluster medium (ICM), heat andmomentum transport become anisotropic with respect to the local magnetic fielddirection. Anisotropic heat conduction causes the slow magnetosonic wave tobecome buoyantly unstable to the magnetothermal instability (MTI) when thetemperature increases in the direction of gravity and to the heat-flux--drivenbuoyancy instability (HBI) when the temperature decreases in the direction ofgravity. The local changes in magnetic field strength that attend theseinstabilities cause pressure anisotropies that viscously damp motions parallelto the magnetic field. In this paper we employ a linear stability analysis toelucidate the effects of anisotropic viscosity (i.e. Braginskii pressureanisotropy) on the MTI and HBI. By stifling the convergence/divergence ofmagnetic field lines, pressure anisotropy significantly affects how the ICMinteracts with the temperature gradient. Instabilities which depend upon theconvergence/divergence of magnetic field lines to generate unstable buoyantmotions (the HBI) are suppressed over much of the wavenumber space, whereasthose which are otherwise impeded by field-line convergence/divergence (theMTI) are strengthened. As a result, the wavenumbers at which the HBI surviveslargely unsuppressed in the ICM have parallel components too small torigorously be considered local. This is particularly true as the magnetic fieldbecomes more and more orthogonal to the temperature gradient. In contrast, thefastest-growing MTI modes are unaffected by anisotropic viscosity. However, wefind that anisotropic viscosity couples slow and Alfven waves in such a way asto buoyantly destabilise Alfvenic fluctuations when the temperature increasesin the direction of gravity. Consequently, many wavenumbers previouslyconsidered MTI-stable or slow-growing are in fact maximally unstable.(abridged)
A beacon of new physics: The Pioneer anomaly modelled as a path based  speed loss driven by the externalisation of aggregate non-inertial QM energy	2012	"This treatise outlines how a non-systematic based Pioneer anomaly, with itsimplied violation (re: 'low' mass bodies only) of both general relativity'sweak equivalence principle and the Newtonian inverse-square law, can besuccessfully modelled. These theoretical hurdles and various awkwardobservational constraints, such as the low value of Pioneer 11's anomalypre-Saturn encounter, have (to date) not been convincingly modelled.Notwithstanding the recent trend to embrace a non-constant Sun/Earth-directedheat based explanation of this anomalous deceleration, the actual: nature,direction, and temporal and spatial variation of the Pioneer anomaly remain anopen arena of research. Working backwards from the observational evidence, andrethinking: time, mass, quantum entanglement and non-locality, we hypothesise amechanism involving a quantum mechanical energy source and a new type of'gravitational' field; neither of which lie within general relativity's domainof formulation/application. By way of a systemic conservation of energyprinciple, an internally inexpressible (aggregate) non-inertial energydiscrepancy/uncertainty -- involving a myriad of quantum (lunar/third-bodyresiding) atomic and molecular systems moving in analog curved spacetime -- is(non-locally) re-expressed externally as a (rotating) non-Euclidean spatialgeometry perturbation. At a moving body each ""rotating space-warp"" inducessinusoidal proper acceleration and speed perturbations, as well as a path-basedconstant (per cycle) rate of speed shortfall relative to predictions that omitthe additional effect. 'Solutions' of the new model may extend to: the Earthflyby anomaly, solar system related large-scale anomalies in the CMB radiationdata, the nature of dark energy, and how a theory of everything unificationagenda is inadvertently impeding a deeper understanding of physical reality andquantum entanglement."
Anomalous scaling of spin accumulation in ferromagnetic tunnel devices  with silicon and germanium	2012	The magnitude of spin accumulation created in semiconductors by electricalinjection of spin-polarized electrons from a ferromagnetic tunnel contact isinvestigated, focusing on how the spin signal detected in a Hanle measurementvaries with the thickness of the tunnel oxide. An extensive set ofspin-transport data for Si and Ge magnetic tunnel devices reveals a scalingwith the tunnel resistance that violates the core feature of availabletheories, namely, the linear proportionality of the spin voltage to theinjected spin current density. Instead, an anomalous scaling of the spin signalwith the tunnel resistance is observed, following a power-law with an exponentbetween 0.75 and 1 over 6 decades. The scaling extends to tunnel resistancevalues larger than 10$^{9}$ $\Omega\mu m^2$, far beyond the regime where theclassical impedance mismatch plays a role. This scaling is incompatible withexisting theory for direct tunnel injection of spins into the semiconductor. Italso demonstrates conclusively that the large spin signal does not originatefrom two-step tunneling via localized states near the oxide/semiconductorinterface. Control experiments on devices with a non-magnetic metal (Ru)electrode, instead of the semiconductor, exhibit no Hanle spin signal, showingthat spin accumulation in localized states within the tunnel barrier is alsonot responsible. Control devices in which the spin current is removed byinserting a non-magnetic interlayer exhibit no Hanle signals either, provingthat the spin signals observed in the standard devices are genuine andoriginate from spin-polarized tunneling and the resulting spin accumulation.Altogether, the scaling results suggest that the spin signal is proportional tothe applied bias voltage, rather than the (spin) current.
Depth profile of the ferromagnetic order in a YBa$_2$Cu$_3$O$_7$ /  La$_{2/3}$Ca$_{1/3}$MnO$_3$ superlattice on a LSAT substrate: a polarized  neutron reflectometry study	2012	Using polarized neutron reflectometry (PNR) we have investigated aYBa2Cu3O7(10nm)/La2/3Ca1/3MnO3(9nm)]10 (YBCO/LCMO) superlattice grown by pulsedlaser deposition on a La0.3Sr0.7Al0.65Ta0.35O3 (LSAT) substrate. Due to thehigh structural quality of the superlattice and the substrate, the specularreflectivity signal extends with a high signal-to-background ratio beyond thefourth order superlattice Bragg peak. This allows us to obtain more detailedand reliable information about the magnetic depth profile than in previous PNRstudies on similar superlattices that were partially impeded by problemsrelated to the low temperature structural transitions of the SrTiO3 substrates.In agreement with the previous reports, our PNR data reveal a strong magneticproximity effect showing that the depth profile of the magnetic potentialdiffers significantly from the one of the nuclear potential that is given bythe YBCO and LCMO layer thickness. We present fits of the PNR data usingdifferent simple block-like models for which either a ferromagnetic moment isinduced on the YBCO side of the interfaces or the ferromagnetic order issuppressed on the LCMO side. We show that a good agreement with the PNR dataand with the average magnetization as obtained from dc magnetization data canonly be obtained with the latter model where a so-called depleted layer with astrongly suppressed ferromagnetic moment develops on the LCMO side of theinterfaces. The models with an induced ferromagnetic moment on the YBCO sidefail to reproduce the details of the higher order superlattice Bragg peaks andyield a wrong magnitude of the average magnetization. We also show that the PNRdata are still consistent with the small, ferromagnetic Cu moment of 0.25muBthat was previously identified with x-ray magnetic circular dichroism and x-rayresonant magnetic reflectometry measurements on the same superlattice.
Piecing together the puzzle of NGC 5253: abundances, kinematics and WR  stars	2012	"We present Gemini-S/GMOS-IFU optical spectroscopy of four regions near thecentre of the nearby (3.8 Mpc) dwarf starburst galaxy NGC 5253. This galaxy isfamous for hosting a radio supernebula containing two deeply embedded massivesuper star clusters, surrounded by a region of enhanced nitrogen abundance thathas been linked to the presence of WR stars. We detected 11 distinct sources ofred WR bump (CIV) emission over a 20"" (~350 pc) area, each consistent with thepresence of ~1 WCE-type star. WC stars are not found coincident with thesupernebula, although WN stars have previously been detected here. We performeda multi-component decomposition of the H\alpha\ line across all four fields andmapped the kinematics of the narrow and broad (FWHM = 100-250 km/s) components.These maps paint a picture of localised gas flows, as part of multipleoverlapping bubbles and filaments driven by the star clusters throughout thestarburst. We confirm the presence of a strong H\alpha\ velocity gradient over~4.5"" (~80 pc) coincident with the region of N/O enhancement, and high gasdensity known from previous study, and interpret this as an acceleratingionized gas outflow from the supernebula clusters. We measure the ionized gasabundances in a number of regions in the outer IFU positions and combine thesewith measurements from the literature to assess the radial abundancedistribution. We find that the O/H and N/H profiles are consistent with beingflat. Only the central 50 pc exhibits the well-known N/O enhancement, and wepropose that the unusually high densities/pressures in the supernebula regionhave acted to impede the escape of metal-enriched hot winds from the starclusters and allow them to mix with the cooler phases, thus allowing thesefreshly processed chemicals to be seen in the optical."
Magnetic field strength influence on the reactive magnetron sputter  deposition of Ta2O5	2012	Reactive magnetron sputtering enables the deposition of various thin films tobe used for protective as well as optical and electronic applications. However,progressing target erosion during sputtering results in increased magneticfield strengths at the target surface. Consequently, the glow discharge, thetarget poisoning, and hence the morphology, crystal structure and stoichiometryof the prepared thin films are influenced. Therefore, these effects wereinvestigated by varying the cathode current Im between 0.50 and 1.00 A, themagnetic field strength B between 45 and 90 mT, and the O2/(Ar+O2) flow rateratio between 0 and 100%. With increasing oxygen flow ratio asub-stoichiometric TaOx oxide forms at the metallic Ta target surface whichfurther transfers to a non-conductive tantalum pentoxide Ta2O5, impeding astable DC glow discharge. These two transition zones (from Ta to TaOx and fromTaOx to Ta2O5) shift to higher oxygen flow rates for increasing targetcurrents. Contrary, increasing the magnetic field strength (e.g., due tosputter erosion) mainly shifts the TaOx to Ta2O5 transition to lower oxygenflow rates while marginally influencing the Ta to TaOx transition. To allow fora stable DC glow discharge (and to suppress the formation of non-conductiveTa2O5 at the target) even at a flow rate ratio of 100% either a high targetcurrent (Im >= 1 A) or a low magnetic field strength (B <= 60 mT) is necessary.These conditions are required to prepare stoichiometric and fully crystallineTa2O5 films. Our investigations clearly demonstrate the importance of themagnetic field strength, which changes during sputter erosion, on the targetpoisoning and the resulting film quality.
Unexpected edge conduction in HgTe quantum wells under broken time  reversal symmetry	2012	The realization of quantum spin Hall (QSH) effect in HgTe quantum wells (QWs)is considered a milestone in the discovery of topological insulators. The QSHedge states are predicted to allow current to flow at the edges of aninsulating bulk, as demonstrated in various experiments. A key prediction ofQSH theory that remains to be experimentally verified is the breakdown of theedge conduction under broken time reversal symmetry (TRS). Here we firstestablish a rigorous framework for understanding the magnetic field dependenceof electrostatically gated QSH devices. We then report unexpected edgeconduction under broken TRS, using a unique cryogenic microwave impedancemicroscopy (MIM), on a 7.5 nm HgTe QW device with an inverted band structure.At zero magnetic field and low carrier densities, clear edge conduction isobserved in the local conductivity profile of this device but not in the 5.5 nmcontrol device whose band structure is trivial. Surprisingly, the edgeconduction in the 7.5 nm device persists up to 9 T with little effect from themagnetic field. This indicates physics beyond simple QSH models, possiblyassociated with material- specific properties, other symmetry protection and/orelectron-electron interactions.
HST and Spitzer point source detection and optical extinction in  powerful narrow-line radio galaxies	2014	We present the analysis of infrared HST and Spitzer data for a sample of 13FRII radio galaxies at 0.03<z<0.11 that are classified as narrow-line radiogalaxies (NLRG). In the context of the unified schemes for active galacticnuclei (AGN), our direct view of the AGN in NLRG is impeded by a parsec-scaledusty torus structure. Our high resolution infrared observations provide newinformation about the degree of extinction induced by the torus, and theincidence of obscured AGN in NLRG.  We find that the point-like nucleus detection rate increases from 25 per centat 1.025$\mu$m, to 80 per cent at 2.05$\mu$m, and to 100 per cent at 8.0$\mu$m.This supports the idea that most NLRG host an obscured AGN in their centre. Weestimate the extinction from the obscuring structures using X-ray, near-IR andmid-IR data. We find that the optical extinction derived from the 9.7$\mu$msilicate absorption feature is consistently lower than the extinction derivedusing other techniques. This discrepancy challenges the assumption that all themid-infrared emission of NLRG is extinguished by a simple screen of dust atlarger radii. This disagreement can be explained in terms of either weakeningof the silicate absorption feature by (i) thermal mid-IR emission from thenarrow-line region, (ii) non-thermal emission from the base of the radio jets,or (iii) by direct warm dust emission that leaks through a clumpy torus withoutsuffering major attenuation.
A Monte-Carlo Approach to Lifespan Failure Performance Analysis of the  Network Fabric in Modular Data Centers	2014	Data centers have been evolved from a passive element of computeinfrastructure to become an active, core part of any ICT solution. Inparticular, modular data centers (MDCs), which are a promising design approachto improve resiliency of data centers, can play a key role in deploying ICTinfrastructure in remote and inhospitable environments in order to takeadvantage of low temperatures and hydro- and wind-electric capabilities. Thisis because of capability of the modular data centers to survive even in lack ofcontinuous on-site maintenance and support. The most critical part of a datacenter is its network fabric that could impede the whole system even if allother components are fully functional, assuming that other analyses has beenalready performed to ensure the reliability of the underlying infrastructureand support systems. In this work, a complete failure analysis of modular datacenters using failure models of various components including servers, switches,and links is performed using a proposed Monte-Carlo approach. The proposedMonte-Carlo approach, which is based on the concept of snapshots, allows us toeffectively calculate the performance of a design along its lifespan even up tothe terminal stages. To show the capabilities of the proposed approach, variousnetwork topologies, such as FatTree, BCube, MDCube, and their modifications areconsidered. The performance and also the lifespan of each topology design inpresence of failures of their components are studied against the topologyparameters.
The SQL++ Query Language: Configurable, Unifying and Semi-structured	2014	NoSQL databases support semi-structured data, typically modeled as JSON. Theyalso provide limited (but expanding) query languages. Their idiomatic, non-SQLlanguage constructs, the many variations, and the lack of formal semanticsinhibit deep understanding of the query languages, and also impede progresstowards clean, powerful, declarative query languages.  This paper specifies the syntax and semantics of SQL++, which is applicableto both JSON native stores and SQL databases. The SQL++ semi-structured datamodel is a superset of both JSON and the SQL data model. SQL++ offers powerfulcomputational capabilities for processing semi-structured data akin to priornon-relational query languages, notably OQL and XQuery. Yet, SQL++ is SQLbackwards compatible and is generalized towards JSON by introducing only asmall number of query language extensions to SQL.  Recognizing that a query language standard is probably premature for the fastevolving area of NoSQL databases, SQL++ includes configuration options thatformally itemize the semantics variations that language designers may choosefrom. The options often pertain to the treatment of semi-structuredness(missing attributes, heterogeneous types, etc), where more than one sensibleapproaches are possible.  SQL++ is unifying: By appropriate choices of configuration options, the SQL++semantics can morph into the semantics of existing semi-structured databasequery languages. The extensive experimental validation shows how SQL and foursemi-structured database query languages (MongoDB, Cassandra CQL, CouchbaseN1QL and AsterixDB AQL) are formally described by appropriate settings of theconfiguration options.  Early adoption signs of SQL++ are positive: Version 4 of Couchbase's N1QL isexplained as syntactic sugar over SQL++. AsterixDB will soon support the fullSQL++ and Apache Drill is in the process of aligning with SQL++.
Properties of bow-shock sources at the Galactic center	2014	There are an enigmatic population of massive stars around the Galactic Center(GC) that were formed some Ma ago. A fraction of these stars has been found toorbit the supermassive black hole, SgrA*, in a projected clockwise disk, whichsuggests that they were formed in a formerly existing dense disk around SgrA*.We focus on the extended, near-infrared (NIR) sources IRS1W, IRS5, IRS10W, andIRS21 that have been suggested to be young, massive stars that form bow-shocksthrough their interaction with the ISM. Their nature has impeded accuratedetermination of their orbital parameters. We aim at establishing their natureand kinematics to test whether they form part of the clockwise disk. Weperformed NIR multi-wavelength imaging using adaptive optics (AO) and sparseaperture masking (SAM). We introduce a new method for self-calibration of theSAM PSF in dense stellar fields. The emission mechanism, morphology andkinematics of the targets were examined via 3D bow-shock models. We confirmprevious findings that IRS21, IRS1W, and IRS5 are bow-shocks created by theinteraction between mass-losing stars and the interstellar gas. The nature ofIRS10W remains unclear. Our modeling shows that the bow-shock-emission iscaused by thermal emission while the scattering of stellar light does not playany significant role. IRS 1W appears to be a bow-shock produced by ananisotropic stellar wind or by locally inhomogeneous ISM density. Our best-fitmodels provide an estimate of the local proper motion of the ISM in the NA inagreement with the published models. Assuming that all of the sources are tiedto SgrA*, their orbital planes were obtained via a Monte-Carlo simulation. Ourorbital analysis suggests that they are not part of any of the clockwise disk.We thus add more evidence to recent findings that a large part of the massivestars show apparently random orbital orientations.
A deficit of ultraluminous X-ray sources in luminous infrared galaxies	2014	We present results from a Chandra study of ultraluminous X-ray sources (ULXs)in a sample of 17 nearby (D_L<60 Mpc) luminous infrared galaxies (LIRGs),selected to have star formation rates (SFRs) in excess of 7 M_sun yr^-1 and lowforeground Galactic column densities (N_H < 5*10^20 cm^-2). A total of 53 ULXswere detected and we confirm that this is a complete catalogue of ULXs for theLIRG sample. We examine the evolution of ULX spectra with luminosity bystacking the spectra of individual objects in three luminosity bins, finding adistinct change in spectral index at luminosity ~2 *10^39 erg s^-1. This may bea change in spectrum as 10 M_sun black holes transit from a ~Eddington to asuper-Eddington accretion regime, and is supported by a plausible detection ofpartially-ionised absorption imprinted on the spectrum of the luminous ULX (L_X~5*10^39 erg s^-1) CXOU J024238.9-000055 in NGC 1068, consistent with thehighly ionised massive wind that we would expect to see driven by asuper-Eddington accretion flow. This sample shows a large deficit in the numberof ULXs detected per unit SFR (0.2 ULXs M_sun^-1 yr^-1). This deficit alsomanifests itself as a lower differential X-ray luminosity functionnormalisation for the LIRG sample than for samples of other star forminggalaxies. We show that it is unlikely that this deficit is a purelyobservational effect. Part of this deficit might be attributable to the highmetallicity of the LIRGs impeding the production efficiency of ULXs and/or alag between the star formation starting and the production of ULXs; however, weargue that the evidence -- including very low N_ULX/L_FIR, and an even lowerULX incidence in the central regions of the LIRGs -- shows that the mainculprit for this deficit is likely to be the high column of gas and dust inthese galaxies, that fuels the high SFR but also acts to obscure many ULXs fromour view.
Complex Contagions and hybrid phase transitions in unclustered and  clustered random networks	2015	A complex contagion is an infectious process in which individuals may requiremultiple transmissions before changing state. These are used to model behaviorsif an individual only adopts a particular behavior after perceiving a consensusamong others. We may think of individuals as beginning inactive and becomingactive after contact with a sufficient number of active partners. These havebeen studied in a number of cases, but analytic models for the dynamic spreadof complex contagions are typically complex. Here we study the dynamics of theWatts Threshold Model (WTM) assuming transmission occurs in continuous time asa Poisson process, or in discrete time where individuals transmit to allpartners in the time step following their activation. We adapt techniquesdeveloped for infectious disease modeling to develop and analyze analyticmodels for the dynamics of the WTM in Configuration Model networks and a classof random clustered (triangle-based) networks. The resulting model isrelatively simple and compact. We use it to gain insights into the contagiondynamics. In the infinite population limit, we derive conditions under whichcascades happen with an arbitrarily small initial proportion active, confirminga hypothesis of Watts for this case. We also observe hybrid phase transitionswhen cascades are not possible for small initial conditions, but occur forlarge enough initial conditions. We derive sufficient conditions for thishybrid phase transition to occur. We show that in many cases, if the hybridphase transition occurs, all individuals eventually become active. Finally, wediscuss the role clustering plays in facilitating or impeding the spread andfind that the hypothesis of Watts that was confirmed in Configuration Modelnetworks does not hold in general. This approach allows us to unify manyexisting disparate observations and derive new results.
Disc formation from tidal disruptions of stars on eccentric orbits by  Schwarzschild black holes	2015	The potential of tidal disruption of stars to probe otherwise quiescentsupermassive black holes cannot be exploited, if their dynamics is not fullyunderstood. So far, the observational appearance of these events has beenderived from analytical extrapolations of the debris dynamical properties justafter disruption. By means of hydrodynamical simulations, we investigate thesubsequent fallback of the stream of debris towards the black hole for starsalready bound to the black hole on eccentric orbits. We demonstrate that thedebris circularize due to relativistic apsidal precession which causes thestream to self-cross. The circularization timescale varies between 1 and 10times the period of the star, being shorter for more eccentric and/or deeperencounters. This self-crossing leads to the formation of shocks that increasethe thermal energy of the debris. If this thermal energy is efficientlyradiated away, the debris settle in a narrow ring at the circularization radiuswith shock-induced luminosities of $\sim 10-10^3 \, L_{\rm Edd}$. If insteadcooling is impeded, the debris form an extended torus located between thecircularization radius and the semi-major axis of the star with heating rates$\sim 1-10^2 \, L_{\rm Edd}$. Extrapolating our results to parabolic orbits, weinfer that circularization would occur via the same mechanism in $\sim 1$period of the most bound debris for deeply penetrating encounters to $\sim 10$for grazing ones. We also anticipate the same effect of the cooling efficiencyon the structure of the disc with associated luminosities of $\sim 1-10 \,L_{\rm Edd}$ and heating rates of $\sim 0.1-1 \, L_{\rm Edd}$. In the lattercase of inefficient cooling, we deduce a viscous timescale generally shorterthan the circularization timescale. This suggests an accretion rate through thedisc tracing the fallback rate, if viscosity starts acting promptly.
Ultra-Low Threshold Monolayer Semiconductor Nanocavity Lasers	2015	Engineering the electromagnetic environment of a nanoscale light emitter by aphotonic cavity can significantly enhance its spontaneous emission rate throughcavity quantum electrodynamics in the Purcell regime. This effect can greatlyreduce the lasing threshold of the emitter, providing the ultimatelow-threshold laser system with small footprint, low power consumption andultrafast modulation. A state-of-the-art ultra-low threshold nanolaser has beensuccessfully developed though embedding quantum dots into photonic crystalcavity (PhCC). However, several core challenges impede the practicalapplications of this architecture, including the random positions andcompositional fluctuations of the dots, extreme difficulty in currentinjection, and lack of compatibility with electronic circuits. Here, we reporta new strategy to lase, where atomically thin crystalline semiconductor, i.e.,a tungsten-diselenide (WSe2) monolayer, is nondestructively anddeterministically introduced as a gain medium at the surface of apre-fabricated PhCC. A new type of continuous-wave nanolaser operating in thevisible regime is achieved with an optical pumping threshold as low as 27 nW at130 K, similar to the value achieved in quantum dot PhCC lasers. The key to thelasing action lies in the monolayer nature of the gain medium, which confinesdirect-gap excitons to within 1 nm of the PhCC surface. The surface-gaingeometry allows unprecedented accessibilities to multi-functionalize the gain,enabling electrically pumped operation. Our scheme is scalable and compatiblewith integrated photonics for on-chip optical communication technologies.
Pathways to dewetting in hydrophobic confinement	2015	Liquid water can become metastable with respect to its vapor in hydrophobicconfinement. The resulting dewetting transitions are often impeded by largekinetic barriers. According to macroscopic theory, such barriers arise from thefree energy required to nucleate a critical vapor tube that spans the regionbetween two hydrophobic surfaces - tubes with smaller radii collapse, whereaslarger ones grow to dry the entire confined region. Using extensive molecularsimulations of water between two nanoscopic hydrophobic surfaces, inconjunction with advanced sampling techniques, here we show that forinter-surface separations that thermodynamically favor dewetting, the barrierto dewetting does not correspond to the formation of a (classical) criticalvapor tube. Instead, it corresponds to an abrupt transition from an isolatedcavity adjacent to one of the confining surfaces to a gap-spanning vapor tubethat is already larger than the critical vapor tube anticipated by macroscopictheory. Correspondingly, the barrier to dewetting is also smaller than theclassical expectation. We show that the peculiar nature of water densityfluctuations adjacent to extended hydrophobic surfaces - namely, the enhancedlikelihood of observing low-density fluctuations relative to Gaussianstatistics - facilitates this non-classical behavior. By stabilizing isolatedcavities relative to vapor tubes, enhanced water density fluctuations thusstabilize novel pathways, which circumvent the classical barriers and offerdiminished resistance to dewetting. Our results thus suggest a key role forfluctuations in speeding up the kinetics of numerous phenomena ranging fromCassie-Wenzel transitions on superhydrophobic surfaces, tohydrophobically-driven biomolecular folding and assembly.
Proximate Kitaev Quantum Spin Liquid Behaviour in -RuCl$_3$	2015	Topological states of matter such as quantum spin liquids (QSLs) are of greatinterest because of their remarkable predicted properties including protectionof quantum information and the emergence of Majorana fermions. Such QSLs,however, have proven difficult to identify experimentally. The most promisingapproach is to study their exotic nature via the wave-vector and intensitydependence of their dynamical response in neutron scattering. A major searchhas centered on iridate materials which are proposed to realize the celebratedKitaev model on a honeycomb lattice - a prototypical topological QSL system intwo dimensions (2D). The difficulties of iridium for neutron measurements have,however, impeded progress significantly. Here we provide experimental evidencethat a material based on ruthenium, {\alpha}-RuCl$_3$ realizes the same Kitaevphysics but is highly amenable to neutron investigation. Our measurementsconfirm the requisite strong spin-orbit coupling, and a low temperaturemagnetic order that matches the predicted phase proximate to the QSL. We alsoshow that stacking faults, inherent to the highly 2D nature of the material,readily explain some puzzling results to date. Measurements of the dynamicalresponse functions, especially at energies and temperatures above that whereinterlayer effects are manifest, are naturally accounted for in terms ofdeconfinement physics expected for QSLs. Via a comparison to the recentlycalculated dynamics from gauge flux excitations and Majorana fermions of thepure Kitaev model we propose {\alpha}-RuCl$_3$ as the prime candidate forexperimental realization of fractionalized Kitaev physics.
Efficiency Enhancement in Organic Solar Cells by Incorporating  Silica-coated Gold Nanorods at the Buffer/Active interface	2015	The performance of organic solar cells (OSCs) can be greatly improved byincorporating silica-coated gold nanorods (Au@SiO2 NRs) at the interfacebetween the hole transporting layer and the active layer due to the plasmoniceffect. The silica shell impedes the aggregation effect of the Au NRs inethanol solution as well as the server charge recombination on the surface ofthe Au NRs otherwise they would bring forward serious reduction in open circuitvoltage when incorporating the Au NRs at the positions in contact with theactive materials. As a result, while the high open circuit voltage beingmaintained, the optimized plasmonic OSCs possess an increased short circuitcurrent, and correspondingly an elevated power conversion efficiency with theenhancement factor of ~11%. The origin of performance improvement in OSCs withthe Au@SiO2 NRs was analyzed systematically using morphological, electrical,optical characterizations along with theoretical simulation. It is found thatthe broadband enhancement in absorption, which yields the broadband enhancementin exciton generation in the active layer, is the major factor contributing tothe increase in the short circuit current density. Simulation results suggestthat the excitation of the transverse and longitudinal surface plasmonresonances of individual NRs as well as their mutual coupling can generatestrong electric field near the vicinity of the NRs, thereby an improved excitongeneration profile in the active layer. The incorporation of Au@SiO2 NRs at theinterface between the hole transporting layer and the active layer alsoimproves hole extraction in the OSCs.
Extraction of the index of refraction by embedding multiple and close  small inclusions	2015	We deal with the problem of reconstructing material coefficients from thefarfields they generate. By embedding small (single) inclusions to these media,located at points $z$ in the support of these materials, and measuring thefarfields generated by these deformations we can extract the values of thetotal field generated by these media at the points $z$. The second step is toextract the values of the material coefficients from these internal values ofthe total field. The main difficulty in using internal fields is the treatmentof their possible zeros.  In this work, we propose to deform the medium using multiple (preciselydouble) and close inclusions instead of only single ones. By doing so, wederive from the asymptotic expansions of the farfields the internal values ofthe Green function, in addition to the internal values of the total fields.This is possible because of the deformation of the medium with multiple andclose inclusions which generates scattered fields due to the multiplescattering between these inclusions. Then, the values of the index ofrefraction can be extracted from the singularities of the Green function.Hence, we overcome the difficulties arising from the zeros of the internalfields.  We test these arguments for the acoustic scattering by a refractive index inpresence of inclusions modeled by the impedance type small obstacles.
The complex chemistry of outflow cavity walls exposed: the case of  low-mass protostars	2015	Complex organic molecules are ubiquitous companions of young low-massprotostars. Recent observations suggest that their emission stems, not onlyfrom the traditional hot corino, but also from offset positions. In this work,2D physicochemical modelling of an envelope-cavity system is carried out.Wavelength-dependent radiative transfer calculations are performed and acomprehensive gas-grain chemical network is used to simulate the physical andchemical structure. The morphology of the system delineates three distinctregions: the cavity wall layer with time-dependent and species-variantenhancements; a torus rich in complex organic ices, but not reflected ingas-phase abundances; and the remaining outer envelope abundant in simplersolid and gaseous molecules. Strongly irradiated regions, such as the cavitywall layer, are subject to frequent photodissociation in the solid phase.Subsequent recombination of the photoproducts leads to frequent reactivedesorption, causing gas-phase enhancements of several orders of magnitude. Thismechanism remains to be quantified with laboratory experiments. Directphotodesorption is found to be relatively inefficient. If radicals are notproduced directly in the icy mantle, the formation of complex organics isimpeded. For efficiency, a sufficient number of FUV photons needs to penetratethe envelope; and elevated cool dust temperatures need to enable grain-surfaceradical mobility. As a result, a high stellar luminosity and a sufficientlywide cavity favor chemical complexity. Furthermore within this paradigm,complex organics are demonstrated to have unique lifetimes and be grouped intoearly (formaldehyde, ketene, methanol, formic acid, methyl formate, aceticacid, glycolaldehyde) and late (acetaldehyde, dimethyl ether, ethanol) species.
2+1 dimensional Fermions on the low-buckled honey-comb structured  lattice plane and classical Casimir-Polder force	2015	We have calculated the Casimir-Polder interaction (CPI) of a micro-particlewith a sheet on the basis of the Klimchitskaya-Mostepanenko theory. We find theresult that for non-trivial susceptibility values of the sheet andmicro-particle, there is crossover between attractive and repulsive behavior.The transition depends only on the impedance, involving permeability andpermittivity, apart from the ratio of the film thickness and the micro-particleseparation (D/d) and temperature. The approach to calculate CPI of amicro-particle with a silicene sheet involves replacing the dielectric constantof the sample by the static dielectric function obtained using the expressionsfor the polarization function. The silicene is described by the low-energyLiu-Yao-Feng-Ezawa (LYFE)Model Hamiltonian involving the Dirac matrices in thechiral representation obeying the Clifford algebra.We find that the collectivecharge excitations at zero doping, i.e., intrinsic plasmons, in this system,are absent in the Dirac limit. The valley-spin-split intrinsic plasmons,however, come into being in the case of the massive Dirac particles withcharacteristic frequency close to 10 THz.Furthermore, there is a longitudinalelectric field induced topological insulator(TI) to spin-valley polarized metal(SVPM) transition in silicene, which is also referred to as the topologicalphase transition (TPT). The low-energy SVP carriers at TPT possess gap-less(mass-less) and gapped (massive) energy spectra close to the two nodal pointsin the Brillouin zone with maximum spin-polarization. We find that themagnitude of the Casimir-Polder force at a given ratio of the film thicknessand the separation between the micro-particle and the film is greater at TPTthan at the topological insulator and trivial insulator phases.
Scanning nano-spin ensemble microscope for nanoscale magnetic and  thermal imaging	2015	Quantum sensors based on solid-state spins provide tremendous opportunitiesin a wide range of fields from basic physics and chemistry to biomedicalimaging. However, integrating them into a scanning probe microscope to enablepractical, nanoscale quantum imaging is a highly challenging task. Recently,the use of single spins in diamond in conjunction with atomic force microscopytechniques has allowed significant progress towards this goal, butgeneralisation of this approach has so far been impeded by long acquisitiontimes or by the absence of simultaneous topographic information. Here we reporton a scanning quantum probe microscope which solves both issues, by employing anano-spin ensemble hosted in a nanodiamond. This approach provides up to anorder of magnitude gain in acquisition time, whilst preserving sub-100 nmspatial resolution both for the quantum sensor and topographic images. Wedemonstrate two applications of this microscope. We first image nanoscaleclusters of maghemite particles through both spin resonance spectroscopy andspin relaxometry, under ambient conditions. Our images reveal fast magneticfield fluctuations in addition to a static component, indicating the presenceof both superparamagnetic and ferromagnetic particles. We next demonstrate anew imaging modality where the nano-spin ensemble is used as a thermometer. Weuse this technique to map the photo-induced heating generated by laserirradiation of a single gold nanoparticle in a fluid environment. This workpaves the way towards new applications of quantum probe microscopy such asthermal/magnetic imaging of operating microelectronic devices and magneticdetection of ion channels in cell membranes.
MAP Estimators for Piecewise Continuous Inversion	2015	We study the inverse problem of estimating a field $u$ from data comprising afinite set of nonlinear functionals of $u$, subject to additive noise; wedenote this observed data by $y$. Our interest is in the reconstruction ofpiecewise continuous fields in which the discontinuity set is described by afinite number of geometric parameters. Natural applications include groundwaterflow and electrical impedance tomography. We take a Bayesian approach, placinga prior distribution on $u$ and determining the conditional distribution on $u$given the data $y$. It is then natural to study maximum a posterior (MAP)estimators. Recently (Dashti et al 2013) it has been shown that MAP estimatorscan be characterised as minimisers of a generalised Onsager-Machlup functional,in the case where the prior measure is a Gaussian random field. We extend thistheory to a more general class of prior distributions which allows forpiecewise continuous fields. Specifically, the prior field is assumed to bepiecewise Gaussian with random interfaces between the different Gaussiansdefined by a finite number of parameters. We also make connections with recentwork on MAP estimators for linear problems and possibly non-Gaussian priors(Helin, Burger 2015) which employs the notion of Fomin derivative.  In showing applicability of our theory we focus on the groundwater flow andEIT models, though the theory holds more generally. Numerical experiments areimplemented for the groundwater flow model, demonstrating the feasibility ofdetermining MAP estimators for these piecewise continuous models, but also thatthe geometric formulation can lead to multiple nearby (local) MAP estimators.We relate these MAP estimators to the behaviour of output from MCMC samples ofthe posterior, obtained using a state-of-the-art function spaceMetropolis-Hastings method.
An investigation of the Eigenvalue Calibration Method (ECM) using GASP  for non-imaging and imaging detectors	2015	Polarised light from astronomical targets can yield a wealth of informationabout their source radiation mechanisms, and about the geometry of thescattered light regions. Optical observations, of both the linear and circularpolarisation components, have been impeded due to non-optimisedinstrumentation. The need for suitable observing conditions and theavailability of luminous targets are also limiting factors. GASP uses divisionof amplitude polarimeter (DOAP) (Compain and Drevillon) to measure the fourcomponents of the Stokes vector simultaneously, which eliminates theconstraints placed upon the need for moving parts during observation, andoffers a real-time complete measurement of polarisation. Results from the GASPcalibration are presented in this work for both a 1D detector system, and apixel-by-pixel analysis on a 2D detector system. Following Compain et al. weuse the Eigenvalue Calibration Method (ECM) to measure the polarimetriclimitations of the instrument for each of the two systems. Consequently, theECM is able to compensate for systematic errors introduced by the calibrationoptics, and it also accounts for all optical elements of the polarimeter in theoutput. Initial laboratory results of the ECM are presented, using APDdetectors, where errors of 0.2% and 0.1{\deg} were measured for the degree oflinear polarisation and polarisation angle respectively. Channel-to-channelimage registration is an important aspect of 2-D polarimetry. We present ourcalibration results of the measured Mueller matrix of each sample, used by theECM. A set of Zenith flat-field images were recorded during an observingcampaign at the Palomar 200 inch telescope in November 2012. From these we showthe polarimetric errors from the spatial polarimetry indicating both thestability and absolute accuracy of GASP.
A Novel Pre-processing Scheme to Improve the Prediction of Sand Fraction  from Seismic Attributes using Neural Networks	2015	This paper presents a novel pre-processing scheme to improve the predictionof sand fraction from multiple seismic attributes such as seismic impedance,amplitude and frequency using machine learning and information filtering. Theavailable well logs along with the 3-D seismic data have been used to benchmarkthe proposed pre-processing stage using a methodology which primarily consistsof three steps: pre-processing, training and post-processing. An ArtificialNeural Network (ANN) with conjugate-gradient learning algorithm has been usedto model the sand fraction. The available sand fraction data from the highresolution well logs has far more information content than the low resolutionseismic attributes. Therefore, regularization schemes based on FourierTransform (FT), Wavelet Decomposition (WD) and Empirical Mode Decomposition(EMD) have been proposed to shape the high resolution sand fraction data foreffective machine learning. The input data sets have been segregated intotraining, testing and validation sets. The test results are primarily used tocheck different network structures and activation function performances. Oncethe network passes the testing phase with an acceptable performance in terms ofthe selected evaluators, the validation phase follows. In the validation stage,the prediction model is tested against unseen data. The network yieldingsatisfactory performance in the validation stage is used to predictlithological properties from seismic attributes throughout a given volume.Finally, a post-processing scheme using 3-D spatial filtering is implementedfor smoothing the sand fraction in the volume. Prediction of lithologicalproperties using this framework is helpful for Reservoir Characterization.
Validating non-invasive EEG source imaging using optimal electrode  configurations on a representative rat head model	2016	The curtain of technical limitations impeding rat multichannel non-invasiveelectroencephalography (EEG) has risen. Given the importance of thispreclinical model, development and validation of EEG source imaging (ESI) isessential. We investigate the validity of well-known human ESI methodologies inrats which individual tissue geometries have been approximated by thoseextracted from an MRI template, leading also to imprecision in electrodelocalizations. With the half and fifth sensitivity volumes we determine boththe theoretical minimum electrode separation for non-redundant scalp EEGmeasurements and the electrode sensitivity resolution, which vary over thescalp because of the head geometry. According to our results, electrodes shouldbe at least ~3-3.5 mm apart for an optimal configuration. The sensitivityresolution is generally worse for electrodes at the boundaries of the scalpmeasured region, though, by analogy with human montages, concentrates thesensitivity enough to localize sources. Cram\'er-Rao lower bounds of sourcelocalization errors indicate it is theoretically possible to achieve ESIaccuracy at the level of anatomical structures, such as the stimulus-specificsomatosensory areas, using the template. More validation for this approximationis provided through the comparison between the template and the individual leadfield matrices, for several rats. Finally, using well-accepted inverse methods,we demonstrate that somatosensory ESI is not only expected but also allowsexploring unknown phenomena related to global sensory integration. Inheritingthe advantages and pitfalls of human ESI, rat ESI will boost the understandingof brain pathophysiological mechanisms and the evaluation of ESI methodologies,new pharmacological treatments and ESI-based biomarkers.
Ground Testing and Flight Demonstration of Charge Management of  Insulated Test Masses Using UV LED Electron Photoemission	2016	The UV LED mission demonstrates the precise control of the potential ofelectrically isolated test masses that is essential for the operation of spaceaccelerometers and drag free sensors. Accelerometers and drag free sensors wereand remain at the core of geodesy, aeronomy, and precision navigation missionsas well as gravitational science experiments and gravitational waveobservatories. Charge management using photoelectrons generated by the 254 nmUV line of Hg was first demonstrated on Gravity Probe B and is presently partof the LISA Pathfinder technology demonstration. The UV LED mission and priorground testing demonstrates that AlGaN UV LEDs operating at 255 nm are superiorto Mercury vapor lamps because of their smaller size, lower draw, higherdynamic range, and higher control authority. We show flight data from a smallsatellite mission on a Saudi Satellite that demonstrates AC charge control (UVLEDs and bias are AC modulated with adjustable relative phase) between aspherical test mass and its housing. The result of the mission is to bring theUV LED device Technology Readiness Level (TRL) to TRL 9 and the chargemanagement system to TRL 7. We demonstrate the ability to control the test masspotential on an 89 mm diameter spherical test mass over a 20 mm gap in a dragfree system configuration. The test mass potential was measured with an ultrahigh impedance contact probe. Finally, the key electrical and opticalcharacteristics of the UV LEDs showed less than 7.5 percent change inperformance after 12 months in orbit.
Spectroscopic analysis of stellar mass black-hole mergers in our local  universe with ground-based gravitational wave detectors	2016	Motivated by the recent discoveries of binary black-hole mergers by theAdvanced Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory (Advanced LIGO),we investigate the prospects of ground-based detectors to perform aspectroscopic analysis of signals emitted during the ringdown of the final Kerrblack-hole formed by a stellar mass binary black-hole merger. If we assume anoptimistic rate of 240 Gpc$^{-3}$yr$^{-1}$, about 3 events per year can bemeasured by Advanced LIGO. Further, upgrades to the existing LIGO detectorswill increase the odds of measuring multiple ringdown modes significantly. Newground-based facilities such as Einstein Telescope or Cosmic Explorer couldmeasure multiple ringdown modes in about thousand events per year. We performMonte-Carlo injections of $10^{6}$ binary black-hole mergers in a search volumedefined by a sphere of radius 1500 Mpc centered at the detector, for variousproposed ground-based detector models. We assume a uniform random distributionin component masses of the progenitor binaries, sky positions and orientationsto investigate the fraction of the population that satisfy our criteria fordetectability and resolvability of multiple ringdown modes. We investigate thedetectability and resolvability of the sub-dominant modes $l=m=3$, $l=m=4$ and$l=2, m=1$. Our results indicate that the modes with $l=m=3$ and $l=2, m=1$ arethe most promising candidates for sub-dominant mode measurability. We find thatfor stellar mass black-hole mergers, resolvability is not a limiting criteriafor these modes. We emphasize that the measurability of the $l=2, m=1$ mode isnot impeded by the resolvability criterion.
Parallel ICA reveals linked patterns of structural damage and fMRI  language task activation in chronic post-stroke aphasia	2016	Structural and functional MRI studies of patients with post-stroke languagedeficits have contributed substantially to our understanding of howcognitive-behavioral impairments relate to the location of structural damageand to the activation of surviving brain regions during language processing,respectively. However, very little is known about how inter-patient variabilityin language task activation relates to variability in the structures affectedby stroke. Here, we used parallel independent component analysis (pICA) tocharacterize links between patterns of structural damage and patterns offunctional MRI activation during semantic decisions. The pICA analysis revealeda significant association between a lesion component featuring damage to leftposterior temporo-parietal cortex and the underlying deep white matter and anfMRI component featuring (1) heightened activation in a primarily righthemispheric network of frontal, temporal, and parietal regions, and (2) reducedactivation in areas associated with the semantic network activated by healthycontrols. Stronger loading parameters on both the lesion and fMRI activationcomponents were associated with poorer language test performance. Fibertracking suggests that lesions affecting the left posterior temporo-parietalcortex and deep white matter may lead to the simultaneous disruption ofmultiple long-range structural pathways connecting distal language areas.Damage to the left posterior temporo-parietal cortex and underlying whitematter may (1) impede the language task-driven recruitment of canonical lefthemispheric language and other areas (e.g. the right anterior temporal lobe anddefault mode regions) that likely support residual language function afterstroke, and (2) lead to the compensatory recruitment of right hemisphericfronto-temporo-parietal networks for tasks requiring semantic processing.
The HPS electromagnetic calorimeter	2016	"The Heavy Photon Search experiment (HPS) is searching for a new gauge boson,the so-called ""heavy photon."" Through its kinetic mixing with the StandardModel photon, this particle could decay into an electron-positron pair. Itwould then be detectable as a narrow peak in the invariant mass spectrum ofsuch pairs, or, depending on its lifetime, by a decay downstream of theproduction target. The HPS experiment is installed in Hall-B of Jefferson Lab.This article presents the design and performance of one of the two detectors ofthe experiment, the electromagnetic calorimeter, during the runs performed in2015-2016. The calorimeter's main purpose is to provide a fast trigger andreduce the copious background from electromagnetic processes through matchingwith a tracking detector. The detector is a homogeneous calorimeter, made of442 lead-tungstate (PbWO4) scintillating crystals, each read out by anavalanche photodiode coupled to a custom trans-impedance amplifier."
Probabilistic-Numerical assessment of pyroclastic current hazard at  Campi Flegrei and Naples city: Multi-VEI scenarios as a tool for full-scale  risk management	2016	The Campi Flegrei volcanic field (Italy) poses very high risk to the highlyurbanized Neapolitan area. Eruptive history was dominated by explosive activityproducing pyroclastic currents (PDCs; (Proclastic Density Currents) ranging inscale from localized base surges to regional flows. Here we apply probabilisticnumerical simulation approaches to produce PDC hazard maps, based on acomprehensive spectrum of flow properties and vent locations. These maps andprovide all probable Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) scenarios from differentsource vents in the caldera, relevant for risk management planning. For eachVEI scenario, we report the conditional probability for PDCs (i.e., theprobability for a given area to be affected by the passage of PDCs) and relateddynamic pressure. Model results indicate that PDCs from VEI<4 events would beconfined within the Campi Flegrei caldera, PDC propagation being impeded by thenorthern and eastern caldera walls. Conversely, PDCs from VEI 4-5 events couldinvade a wide area beyond the northern caldera rim, as well as part of theNaples metropolitan area to the east. A major controlling factor of PDCdispersal is represented by the location of the vent area. PDCs from thepotentially largest eruption scenarios (analogous to the ~15 ka, VEI 6Neapolitan Yellow Tuff or even the ~39 ka, VEI 7 Campanian Ignimbrite extremeevent) would affect a large part of the Campanian Plain to the north and thecity of Naples to the east. Thus, in case of renewal of eruptive activity atCampi Flegrei, up to 3 million people will be potentially exposed to volcanichazard, pointing out the urgency of an emergency plan. Considering the presentlevel of uncertainty in forecasting the future eruption type, size and locationwe suggest that appropriate planning measures should face at least the VEI 5reference scenario (at least 2 occurrences documented in the last 10 ka)
Strongly Anisotropic Thermal and Electrical Conductivities of  Self-assembled Silver Nanowire Network	2016	Heat dissipation issues are the emerging challenges in the field of flexibleelectronics. Thermal management of flexible electronics creates a demand forflexible materials with highly anisotropic thermal conductivity, which work asheat spreaders to remove excess heat in the in-plane direction and as heatshields to protect human skin or device components under them from heating.This study proposes a self-assembled silver nanowire network with high thermaland electrical anisotropy with the potential to solve these challenges. Thein-plane thermal conductivity of the network along the axial direction ofsilver nanowires is measured as 37 W/m-K while the cross-plane thermalconductivity is only 0.36 W/m-K. The results of measurements of electrical andthermal conductivities suggest that abundant wire-wire contacts strongly impedethermal transport. The excellent alignment of nanowires results in the sameanisotropy ratio of 3 for both thermal and electrical conduction in the twoin-plane directions. The ratio remains unchanged as the temperature decrease to50 K, which indicates that wire-wire contacts lower the thermal and electricalconduction in the two directions to the same extent and their effect isindependent of temperature. In addition, phonon softening markedly reduces theDebye temperatures of the network, which are fitted from the electricalresistivity data. As a result of phonon thermal conduction, the Lorenz numbersof the film in the two directions, which are approximately the same, are largerthan the Sommerfeld value at room temperature and decrease as temperaturedecreases because of small angle scattering and the reduced phononcontribution. This nanowire network provides a solution to the emergingchallenges of thermal management of flexible electronics.
Efficient big data assimilation through sparse representation: A 3D  benchmark case study in seismic history matching	2016	In a previous work \citep{luo2016sparse2d_spej}, the authors proposed anensemble-based 4D seismic history matching (SHM) framework, which has somerelatively new ingredients, in terms of the type of seismic data in choice, theway to handle big seismic data and related data noise estimation, and the useof a recently developed iterative ensemble history matching algorithm.  In seismic history matching, it is customary to use inverted seismicattributes, such as acoustic impedance, as the observed data. In doing so,extra uncertainties may arise during the inversion processes. The proposed SHMframework avoids such intermediate inversion processes by adopting amplitudeversus angle (AVA) data. In addition, SHM typically involves assimilating alarge amount of observed seismic attributes into reservoir models. To handlethe big-data problem in SHM, the proposed framework adopts the followingwavelet-based sparse representation procedure: First, a discrete wavelettransform is applied to observed seismic attributes. Then, uncertainty analysisis conducted in the wavelet domain to estimate noise in the resulting waveletcoefficients, and to calculate a corresponding threshold value. Waveletcoefficients above the threshold value, called leading wavelet coefficientshereafter, are used as the data for history matching. The retained leadingwavelet coefficients preserve the most salient features of the observed seismicattributes, whereas rendering a substantially smaller data size. Finally, aniterative ensemble smoother is adopted to update reservoir models, in such away that the leading wavelet coefficients of simulated seismic attributesbetter match those of observed seismic attributes.  (The rest of the abstract was omitted for the length restriction.)
Resilience of the quantum Rabi model in circuit QED	2016	"In circuit quantum electrodynamics (circuit QED), an artificial ""circuitatom"" can couple to a quantized microwave radiation much stronger than its realatomic counterpart. The celebrated quantum Rabi model describes the simplestinteraction of a two-level system with a single-mode boson field. When thecoupling is large enough, the bare multilevel structure of a realistic circuitatom cannot be ignored even if the circuit is strongly anharmonic. We exploredthis situation theoretically for flux (fluxonium) and charge (Cooper pair box)type multi-level circuits tuned to their respective flux/charge degeneracypoints. We identified which spectral features of the quantum Rabi model surviveand which are renormalized for large coupling. Despite significantrenormalization of the low-energy spectrum in the fluxonium case, the keyquantum Rabi feature -- nearly-degenerate vacuum consisting of an atomic stateentangled with a multi-photon field -- appears in both types of circuits whenthe coupling is sufficiently large. Like in the quantum Rabi model, for verylarge couplings the entanglement spectrum is dominated by only two, nearlyequal eigenvalues, in spite of the fact that a large number of bare atomicstates are actually involved in the atom-resonator ground state. We interpretthe emergence of the two-fold degeneracy of the vacuum of both circuits as anenvironmental suppression of flux/charge tunneling due to their dressing byvirtual low-/high-impedance photons in the resonator. For flux tunneling, thedressing is nothing else than the shunting of a Josephson atom with a largecapacitance of the resonator. Suppression of charge tunneling is amanifestation of the dynamical Coulomb blockade of transport in tunneljunctions connected to resistive leads."
A Gating Grid Driver for Time Projection Chambers	2016	A simple but novel driver system has been developed to operate the wiregating grid of a Time Projection Chamber (TPC). This system connects the wiresof the gating grid to its driver via low impedance transmission lines. When thegating grid is open, all wires have the same voltage allowing drift electrons,produced by the ionization of the detector gas molecules, to pass through tothe anode wires. When the grid is closed, the wires have alternating higher andlower voltages causing the drift electrons to terminate at the more positivewires. Rapid opening of the gating grid with low pickup noise is achieved byquickly shorting the positive and negative wires to attain the average biaspotential with N-type and P-type MOSFET switches. The circuit analysis andsimulation software SPICE shows that the driver restores the gating gridvoltage to 90% of the opening voltage in less than 0.20 $\mu$s. When tested inthe experimental environment of a time projection chamber larger terminationresistors were chosen so that the driver opens the gating grid in 0.35 $\mu$s.In each case, opening time is basically characterized by the RC constant givenby the resistance of the switches and terminating resistors and the capacitanceof the gating grid and its transmission line. By adding a second pair of N-typeand P-type MOSFET switches, the gating grid is closed by restoring 99% of theoriginal charges to the wires within 3 $\mu$s.
A micrometer-thick oxide film with high thermoelectric performance at  temperature ranging from 20-400 K	2017	Thermoelectric (TE) materials achieve localised conversion between thermaland electric energies, and the conversion efficiency is determined by a figureof merit zT. Up to date, two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) related TEmaterials hold the records for zT near room-temperature. A sharp increase in zTup to ~2.0 was observed previously for superlattice materials such as PbSeTe,Bi2Te3/Sb2Te3 and SrNb0.2Ti0.8O3/SrTiO3, when the thicknesses of these TEmaterials were spatially confine within sub-nanometre scale. Thetwo-dimensional confinement of carriers enlarges the density of states near theFermi energy3-6 and triggers electron phonon coupling. This overcomes theconventional {\sigma}-S trade-off to more independently improve S, and therebyfurther increases thermoelectric power factors (PF=S2{\sigma}). Nevertheless,practical applications of the present 2DEG materials for high power energyconversions are impeded by the prerequisite of spatial confinement, as theamount of TE material is insufficient. Here, we report similar TE properties to2DEGs but achieved in SrNb0.2Ti0.8O3 films with thickness within sub-micrometerscale by regulating interfacial and lattice polarizations. High power factor(up to 103 {\mu}Wcm-1K-2) and zT value (up to 1.6) were observed for the filmmaterials near room-temperature and below. Even reckon in the thickness of thesubstrate, an integrated power factor of both film and substrate approaching tobe 102 {\mu}Wcm-1K-2 was achieved in a 2 {\mu}m-thick SrNb0.2Ti0.8O3 film grownon a 100 {\mu}m-thick SrTiO3 substrate. The dependence of high TE performanceson size-confinement is reduced by ~103 compared to the conventional2DEG-related TE materials. As-grown oxide films are less toxic and notdependent on large amounts of heavy elements, potentially paving the waytowards applications in localised refrigeration and electric power generations.
ac properties of short Josephson weak links	2017	The admittance of two types of Josephson weak links is calculated, i.e., of aone-dimensional superconducting wire with a local suppression of the orderparameter, and the second is a short S-c-S structure, where S denotes asuperconductor and c---a constriction. The systems of the first type areanalyzed on the basis of time-dependent Ginzburg-Landau equations. We show thatthe impedance $Z(\Omega)$ has a maximum as a function of the frequency$\Omega$, and the electric field $E_{\Omega}$ is determined by twogauge-invariant quantities---the condensate momentum $Q_{\Omega}$ and thepotential $\mu$ related to charge imbalance. The structures of the second typeare studied on the basis of microscopic equations for quasiclassical Green'sfunctions in the Keldysh technique. For short S-c-S contacts (the Thoulessenergy ${E_{\text{Th}} = D/L^{2} \gg \Delta}$) we present a formula foradmittance $Y$ valid at frequencies $\Omega$ and temperatures $T$ less than theThouless energy but arbitrary with respect to the energy gap $\Delta$. It isshown that, at low temperatures, the absorption is absent [${\mathrm{Re}(Y) =0}$] if the frequency does not exceed the energy gap in the center of theconstriction (${\Omega < \Delta \cos \varphi_{0}}$, where $2 \varphi_{0}$ isthe phase difference between the S reservoirs). The absorption graduallyincreases with increasing the difference ${(\Omega - \Delta \cos \varphi_{0})}$if $2 \varphi_{0}$ is less than the phase difference $2 \varphi_{\text{c}}$corresponding to the critical Josephson current. In the interval ${2\varphi_{\text{c}} < 2 \varphi_{0} < \pi}$, the absorption has a maximum. Thisinterval of the phase difference is achievable in phase-biased Josephsonjunctions. Close to $T_{\text{c}}$ the admittance has a maximum at low $\Omega$which is described by an analytical formula.
Testbeds for Transition Metal Dichalcogenide Photonics: Efficacy of  Light Emission Enhancement in Monomer vs. Dimer Nanoscale Antennae	2017	Monolayer transition metal dichalcogenides are uniquely-qualified materialsfor photonics because they combine well defined tunable direct band gaps andselfpassivated surfaces without dangling bonds. However, the atomic thicknessof these 2D materials results in low photo absorption limiting the achievablephoto luminescence intensity. Such emission can, in principle, be enhanced viananoscale antennae resulting in; a. an increased absorption cross-sectionenhancing pump efficiency, b. an acceleration of the internal emission rate viathe Purcell factor mainly by reducing the antennas optical mode volume beyondthe diffraction limit, and c. improved impedance matching of the emitter dipoleto the freespace wavelength. Plasmonic dimer antennae show orders of magnitudehot-spot field enhancements when an emitter is positioned exactly at themidgap. However, a 2D material cannot be grown, or easily transferred, toreside in mid-gap of the metallic dimer cavity. In addition, a spacer layerbetween the cavity and the emissive material is required to avoid non-radiativerecombination channels. Using both computational and experimental methods, inthis work we show that the emission enhancement from a 2D emitter- monomerantenna cavity system rivals that of dimers at much reduced lithographiceffort. We rationalize this finding by showing that the emission enhancement indimer antennae does not specifically originate from the gap of the dimercavity, but is an average effect originating from the effective cavitycrosssection taken below each optical cavity where the emitting 2D film islocated. In particular, we test an array of different dimer and monomer antennageometries and observe a representative 3x higher emission for both monomer anddimer cavities as compared to intrinsic emission of Chemical Vapor Depositionsynthesized WS2 flakes.
Chemical Transformations Approaching Chemical Accuracy via Correlated  Sampling in Auxiliary-Field Quantum Monte Carlo	2017	The exact and phaseless variants of Auxiliary-Field Quantum Monte Carlo(AFQMC) have been shown to be capable of producing accurate ground-stateenergies for a wide variety of systems including those which exhibitsubstantial electron correlation effects. The computational cost of performingthese calculations has to date been relatively high, impeding many importantapplications of these approaches. Here we present a correlated samplingmethodology for AFQMC which relies on error cancellation to dramaticallyaccelerate the calculation of energy differences of relevance to chemicaltransformations. In particular, we show that our correlated sampling-basedAFQMC approach is capable of calculating redox properties, deprotonationfree-energies, and hydrogen abstraction energies in an efficient manner withoutsacrificing accuracy. We validate the computational protocol by calculating theionization potentials and electron affinities of the atoms contained in the G2Test Set, and then proceed to utilize a composite method, which treatsfixed-geometry processes with correlated sampling-based AFQMC and relaxationenergies via MP2, to compute the ionization potential, deprotonationfree-energy, and the O-H bond disocciation energy of methanol, all to withinchemical accuracy. We show that the efficiency of correlated sampling relativeto uncorrelated calculations increases with system and basis set size, and thatcorrelated sampling greatly reduces the required number of random walkers toachieve a target statistical error. This translates to CPU-time speed-upfactors of 55, 25, and 24 for the the ionization potential of the K atom, thedeprotonation of methanol, and hydrogen abstraction from the O-H bond ofmethanol, respectively. We conclude with a discussion of further efficiencyimprovements that may open the door to the accurate description of chemicalprocesses in complex systems.
Microstructure under the Microscope: Tools to Survive and Thrive in The  Age of (Too Much) Information	2017	"Market Microstructure is the investigation of the process and protocols thatgovern the exchange of assets with the objective of reducing frictions that canimpede the transfer. In financial markets, where there is an abundance ofrecorded information, this translates to the study of the dynamic relationshipsbetween observed variables, such as price, volume and spread, and hiddenconstituents, such as transaction costs and volatility, that hold sway over theefficient functioning of the system.  ""My dear, here we must process as much data as we can, just to stay inbusiness. And if you wish to make a profit you must process at least twice asmuch data."" - Red Queen to Alice in Hedge-Fund-Land.  In this age of (Too Much) Information, it is imperative to uncover nuggets ofknowledge (signal) from buckets of nonsense (noise). To aid in this effort toextract meaning from chaos and to gain a better understanding of therelationships between financial variables, we summarize the application of thetheoretical results from (Kashyap 2016b) to microstructure studies. The centralconcept rests on a novel methodology based on the marriage between theBhattacharyya distance, a measure of similarity across distributions, and theJohnson Lindenstrauss Lemma, a technique for dimension reduction, providing uswith a simple yet powerful tool that allows comparisons between data-setsrepresenting any two distributions. We provide an empirical illustration usingprices, volumes and volatilities across seven countries and three differentcontinents. The degree to which different markets or sub groups of securitieshave different measures of their corresponding distributions tells us theextent to which they are different. This can aid investors looking fordiversification or looking for more of the same thing."
The Layer 0 Inner Silicon Detector of the D0 Experiment	2009	This paper describes the design, fabrication, installation and performance ofthe new inner layer called Layer 0 (L0) that was inserted in the existing RunIIa Silicon Micro-Strip Tracker (SMT) of the D0 experiment at the FermilabTevatron collider. L0 provides tracking information from two layers of sensors,which are mounted with center lines at a radial distance of 16.1 mm and 17.6 mmrespectively from the beam axis. The sensors and readout electronics aremounted on a specially designed and fabricated carbon fiber structure thatincludes cooling for sensor and readout electronics. The structure has a thinpolyimide circuit bonded to it so that the circuit couples electrically to thecarbon fiber allowing the support structure to be used both for detectorgrounding and a low impedance connection between the remotely mounted hybridsand the sensors.
A multi-wavelength exploration of the [CII]/IR ratio in H-ATLAS/GAMA  galaxies out to z=0.2	2015	We explore the behaviour of [CII]-157.74um forbidden fine-structure lineobserved in a sample of 28 galaxies selected from ~50deg^2 of the H-ATLASsurvey. The sample is restricted to galaxies with flux densities higher thanS_160um>150mJy and optical spectra from the GAMA survey at 0.02<z<0.2. Far-IRspectra centred on this redshifted line were taken with the PACS instrumenton-board the Herschel Space Observatory. The galaxies span 10<log(L_IR/Lo)<12(where L_IR=L_IR[8-1000um]) and 7.3<log(L_[CII]/Lo)<9.3, covering a variety ofoptical galaxy morphologies. The sample exhibits the so-called [CII] deficit athigh IR luminosities, i.e. L_[CII]/L_IR (hereafter [CII]/IR) decreases at highL_IR. We find significant differences between those galaxies presenting[CII]/IR>2.5x10^-3 with respect to those showing lower ratios. In particular,those with high ratios tend to have: (1) L_IR<10^11Lo; (2) cold dusttemperatures, T_d<30K; (3) disk-like morphologies in r-band images; (4) a WISEcolour 0.5<S_12um/S_22um<1.0; (5) low surface brightness Sigma_IR~10^8-9 Lokpc^-2, (6) and specific star-formation rates of sSFR~0.05-3 Gyr^-1. We suggestthat the strength of the far-UV radiation fields (<G_O>) is main parameterresponsible for controlling the [CII]/IR ratio. It is possible that relativelyhigh <G_O> creates a positively charged dust grain distribution, impeding anefficient photo-electric extraction of electrons from these grains to thencollisionally excite carbon atoms. Within the brighter IR population,11<log(L_IR/Lo)<12, the low [CII]/IR ratio is unlikely to be modified by [CII]self absorption or controlled by the presence of a moderately luminous AGN(identified via the BPT diagram).
An OpenCL-based Monte Carlo dose calculation engine (oclMC) for coupled  photon-electron transport	2015	Monte Carlo (MC) method has been recognized the most accurate dosecalculation method for radiotherapy. However, its extremely long computationtime impedes clinical applications. Recently, a lot of efforts have been madeto realize fast MC dose calculation on GPUs. Nonetheless, most of the GPU-basedMC dose engines were developed in NVidia CUDA environment. This limits the codeportability to other platforms, hindering the introduction of GPU-based MCsimulations to clinical practice. The objective of this paper is to develop afast cross-platform MC dose engine oclMC using OpenCL environment for externalbeam photon and electron radiotherapy in MeV energy range. Coupledphoton-electron MC simulation was implemented with analogue simulations forphoton transports and a Class II condensed history scheme for electrontransports. To test the accuracy and efficiency of our dose engine oclMC, wecompared dose calculation results of oclMC and gDPM, our previously developedGPU-based MC code, for a 15 MeV electron beam and a 6 MV photon beam on ahomogenous water phantom, one slab phantom and one half-slab phantom.Satisfactory agreement was observed in all the cases. The average dosedifferences within 10% isodose line of the maximum dose were 0.48-0.53% for theelectron beam cases and 0.15-0.17% for the photon beam cases. In terms ofefficiency, our dose engine oclMC was 6-17% slower than gDPM when running bothcodes on the same NVidia TITAN card due to both different physics particletransport models and different computational environments between CUDA andOpenCL. The cross-platform portability was also validated by successfullyrunning our new dose engine on a set of different compute devices including anNvidia GPU card, two AMD GPU cards and an Intel CPU card using one or fourcores. Computational efficiency among these platforms was compared.
The ALMA Band 9 receiver - Design, construction, characterization, and  first light	2015	"We describe the design, construction, and characterization of the Band 9heterodyne receivers (600-720 GHz) for the Atacama Large Millimeter /submillimeter Array (ALMA). The ALMA Band 9 receiver units (""cartridges""),which are installed in the telescope's front end, have been designed to detectand down-convert two orthogonal linear polarization components of the lightcollected by the ALMA antennas. The light entering the front end is refocusedwith a compact arrangement of mirrors, which is fully contained within thecartridge. The arrangement contains a grid to separate the polarizations andtwo beam splitters to combine each resulting beam with a local oscillatorsignal. The combined beams are fed into independent double-sideband mixers,each with a corrugated feedhorn coupling the radiation by way of a waveguidewith backshort cavity into an impedance-tuned SIS junction that performs theheterodyne down-conversion. Finally, the generated intermediate frequencysignals are amplified by cryogenic and room-temperature HEMT amplifiers andexported to the telescope's back end for further processing and, finally,correlation. The receivers have been constructed and tested in the laboratoryand they show excellent performance, complying with ALMA requirements.Performance statistics on all 73 Band 9 receivers are reported. On-skycharacterization and tests of the performance of the Band 9 cartridges arepresented using commissioning data."
Effect of Fluctuations on the NMR Relaxation Beyond the Abrikosov Vortex  State	2015	The effect of fluctuations on the nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) relaxationrate, $W$, is studied in a complete phase diagram of a 2D superconductor abovethe upper critical field line $H_{c2}(T)$ . In the region of relatively hightemperatures and low magnetic fields, the relaxation rate $W$ is determined bytwo competing effects. The first one is its decrease in result of suppressionof quasi-particle density of states (DOS) due to formation of fluctuationCooper pairs (FCP). The second one is a specific, purely quantum, relaxationprocess of the Maki-Thompson (MT) type, which for low field leads to anincrease of the relaxation rate. The latter describes particular fluctuationprocesses involving self-pairing of a single electron on self-intersectingtrajectories of a size up to phase-breaking length $l_{\phi }$ which becomespossible due to an electron spin-flip scattering event at a nucleus. As aresult, different scenarios with either growth or decrease of the NMRrelaxation rate are possible upon approaching the normal metal - type-IIsuperconductor transition. The character of fluctuations changes along the line$H_{c2}$ from the thermal long-wavelength type in weak magnetic fields to theclusters of rotating FCP in fields comparable to $H_{c2}$. We find that belowthe well-defined temperature $T^*_0\approx 0.6T_{c0}$, the MT process becomesineffective even in absence of intrinsic pair-breaking. The small scale of FCProtations ($\xi_{xy}$) in so high fields impedes formation of long (<$l_{\phi}$) self-intersecting trajectories, causing the corresponding relaxationmechanism to lose its efficiency. This reduces the effect of superconductingfluctuations in the domain of high fields and low temperatures to just thesuppression of quasi-particle DOS, analogously to the Abrikosov vortex phasebelow the $H_{c2}$ line.
A framework for solving atomistic phonon-structure scattering problems  in the frequency domain using Perfectly Matched Layer boundaries	2015	We present a numerical approach to the solution of elastic phonon scatteringproblems based on a frequency domain decomposition of the atomistic equationsof motion and the use of perfectly matched layer or PML boundaries. Unlike MDwavepacket analysis, the current approach has the ability to simulatescattering from individual phonon modes, including wavevectors in highlydispersive regimes. Like the Atomistic Green's Function method, the techniquereduces scattering problems to a system of linear algebraic equations via asparse, banded matrix. However, the use of PML boundaries enables rapidabsorption of scattered wave energies at the boundaries, and provides a simpleand inexpensive interpretation of the scattered phonon energy flux calculatedfrom the energy dissipation rate in the PML. The accuracy of the method isdemonstrated on connected monoatomic chains, for which an analytic solution isknown. The parameters defining the PML are found to affect the performance andguidelines for selecting optimal parameters are given. The method is used tostudy the energy transmission coefficient for connected diatomic chains overall available wavevectors for both optical and longitudinal phonons; it isfound that when there is discontinuity between sublattices, even connectedchains of equivalent acoustic impedence have near-zero transmission coefficientfor short wavelengths. The phonon scattering cross section of an embeddednanocylinder is calculated for a wide range of frequencies to demonstrate theextension of the method to high dimensions. The calculations match continuumtheory for long wavelength phonons and large cylinder radii, but otherwise showcomplex physics including Mie oscillations which terminate when incident phononfrequencies exceeds the maximum available frequency in the embeddednanocylinder, and scattering efficiencies larger than two near the Brillouinzone edge.
The Thermal Design, Characterization, and Performance of the SPIDER  Long-Duration Balloon Cryostat	2015	We describe the SPIDER flight cryostat, which is designed to cool sixmillimeter-wavelength telescopes during an Antarctic long-duration balloonflight. The cryostat, one of the largest to have flown on a stratosphericpayload, uses liquid helium-4 to deliver cooling power to stages at 4.2 and 1.6K. Stainless steel capillaries facilitate a high flow impedance connectionbetween the main liquid helium tank and a smaller superfluid tank, allowing thelatter to operate at 1.6 K as long as there is liquid in the 4.2 K main tank.Each telescope houses a closed cycle helium-3 adsorption refrigerator thatfurther cools the focal planes down to 300 mK. Liquid helium vapor from themain tank is routed through heat exchangers that cool radiation shields,providing negative thermal feedback. The system performed successfully during a17 day flight in the 2014-2015 Antarctic summer. The cryostat had a total holdtime of 16.8 days, with 15.9 days occurring during flight.
Improving Big Data Visual Analytics with Interactive Virtual Reality	2015	For decades, the growth and volume of digital data collection has made itchallenging to digest large volumes of information and extract underlyingstructure. Coined 'Big Data', massive amounts of information has quite oftenbeen gathered inconsistently (e.g from many sources, of various forms, atdifferent rates, etc.). These factors impede the practices of not onlyprocessing data, but also analyzing and displaying it in an efficient manner tothe user. Many efforts have been completed in the data mining and visualanalytics community to create effective ways to further improve analysis andachieve the knowledge desired for better understanding. Our approach forimproved big data visual analytics is two-fold, focusing on both visualizationand interaction. Given geo-tagged information, we are exploring the benefits ofvisualizing datasets in the original geospatial domain by utilizing a virtualreality platform. After running proven analytics on the data, we intend torepresent the information in a more realistic 3D setting, where analysts canachieve an enhanced situational awareness and rely on familiar perceptions todraw in-depth conclusions on the dataset. In addition, developing ahuman-computer interface that responds to natural user actions and inputscreates a more intuitive environment. Tasks can be performed to manipulate thedataset and allow users to dive deeper upon request, adhering to desireddemands and intentions. Due to the volume and popularity of social media, wedeveloped a 3D tool visualizing Twitter on MIT's campus for analysis. Utilizingemerging technologies of today to create a fully immersive tool that promotesvisualization and interaction can help ease the process of understanding andrepresenting big data.
Direct and inverse spectral theorems for a class of canonical systems  with two singular endpoints	2015	"Part I of this paper deals with two-dimensional canonical systems$y'(x)=yJH(x)y(x)$, $x\in(a,b)$, whose Hamiltonian $H$ is non-negative andlocally integrable, and where Weyl's limit point case takes place at bothendpoints $a$ and $b$. We investigate a class of such systems defined by growthrestrictions on H towards a. For example, Hamiltonians on $(0,\infty)$ of theform $H(x):=\begin{pmatrix}x^{-\alpha}&0\\ 0&1\end{pmatrix}$ where $\alpha<2$are included in this class. We develop a direct and inverse spectral theoryparallel to the theory of Weyl and de Branges for systems in the limit circlecase at $a$. Our approach proceeds via - and is bound to - Pontryagin spacetheory. It relies on spectral theory and operator models in such spaces, and onthe theory of de Branges Pontryagin spaces.  The main results concerning the direct problem are: (1) showing existence ofregularized boundary values at $a$; (2) construction of a singular Weylcoefficient and a scalar spectral measure; (3) construction of a Fouriertransform and computation of its action and the action of its inverse asintegral transforms. The main results for the inverse problem are: (4)characterization of the class of measures occurring above (positive Borelmeasures with power growth at $\pm\infty$); (5) a global uniqueness theorem (ifWeyl functions or spectral measures coincide, Hamiltonians essentiallycoincide); (6) a local uniqueness theorem.  In Part II of the paper the results of Part I are applied to Sturm--Liouvilleequations with singular coefficients. We investigate classes of equationswithout potential (in particular, equations in impedance form) andSchr\""odinger equations, where coefficients are assumed to be singular butsubject to growth restrictions. We obtain corresponding direct and inversespectral theorems."
Submesoscale circulation in the Northern Gulf of Mexico: Surface  processes and the impact of the freshwater river input	2015	The processes and instabilities occurring at the ocean surface in thenorthern Gulf of Mexico are investigated with a regional model atsubmesoscale-permitting horizontal grid resolution (i.e., HR with dx = 1.6 km)over a three-year period, from January 2010 to December 2012. Amesoscale-resolving, lower resolution run (LR, with dx = 5 km) is alsoconsidered for comparison. The HR run is obtained through two-way nestingwithin the LR run. In HR quantities such local Rossby number, horizontaldivergence, vertical velocity, and strain rate are amplified in winter, whenthe mixed layer is deepest, as found in other basins. In the modelconfiguration considered this amplification occurs in surface waters over thecontinental slope and off-shore but not over the shelf. Submesoscale structuresconsist of a mixture of fronts and eddies generated by frontogenesis and mixedlayer instabilities, with elevated conversion rates of available potentialenergy (APE) into eddy kinetic energy (EKE). In all quantities a secondarymaximum emerges during the summer season, when the mixed layer depth isshallowest, barely 15-20 m. The secondary peak extends to the coast and is dueto the intense lateral density gradients created by the fresh water inflow fromthe Mississippi River system. Submesoscale structures in summer consistpredominately of fronts, as observed in the aftermath of the 2010 DeepwaterHorizon oil spill, and their secondary circulations are impeded due to thelimited depth of the mixed layer. Freshwater river input is key to thesubmesoscale activity in summer but modulates it also in winter, as shown witha sensitivity run in which the riverine inflow is absent. Implications fortransport studies in regions characterized by intense freshwater fluxes and forsubmesoscale parameterizations are discussed.
Hyper-Eddington accretion flows onto massive black holes	2015	We study very-high rate spherically symmetric accretion flows onto a massiveblack hole (BH; 10^2 < M_BH < 10^6 Msun) embedded in a dense gas cloud with alow abundance of metals, performing one-dimensional hydrodynamical simulationswhich include multi-frequency radiation transfer and non-equilibrium primordialchemistry. We find that rapid gas supply from the Bondi radius at ahyper-Eddington rate can occur without being impeded by radiation feedback when(n/10^5 cm^-3) > (M_BH/10^4Msun)^{-1}(T/10^4 K)^{3/2}, where n and T are thedensity and temperature of ambient gas outside of the Bondi radius. Theresulting accretion rate in this regime is steady, and larger than 3000 timesthe Eddington rate. At lower Bondi rates, the accretion is episodic due toradiative feedback and the average rate is limited below the Eddington rate.For the hyper-Eddington case, the steady solution consists of two parts: aradiation-dominated central core, where photon trapping due to electronscattering is important, and an accreting envelope which follows a Bondiprofile with T~8000 K. When the emergent luminosity is limited below theEddington luminosity because of photon trapping, radiation from the centralregion does not affect the gas dynamics at larger scales. We apply our resultto the rapid formation of massive BHs in protogalaxies with a virialtemperature of T_vir> 10^4 K. Once a seed BH forms at the center of the galaxy,it can grow up to a maximum ~10^5 (T_vir/10^4 K) Msun via gas accretionindependent of the initial BH mass. Finally, we discuss possible observationalsignatures of rapidly accreting BHs with/without allowance for dust. We suggestthat these systems could explain Lya emitters without X-rays and luminousinfrared sources with hot dust emission, respectively.
Compact stellar systems in the polar ring galaxies NGC 4650A and NGC  3808B: Clues to polar disk formation	2015	Polar ring galaxies (PRGs) are composed of two kinematically distinct andnearly orthogonal components, a host galaxy (HG) and a polar ring/disk (PR).The HG usually contains an older stellar population than the PR. The suggestedformation channel of PRGs is still poorly constrained. Suggested options aremerger, gas accretion, tidal interaction, or a combination of both. Toconstrain the formation scenario of PRGs, we study the compact stellar systems(CSSs) in two PRGs at different evolutionary stages: NGC 4650A withwell-defined PR, and NGC 3808B, which is in the process of PR formation. We usearchival HST/WFPC2 imaging. PSF-fitting techniques, and color selectioncriteria are used to select cluster candidates. Photometric analysis of theCSSs was performed to determine their ages and masses using stellar populationmodels at a fixed metallicity. Both PRGs contain young CSSs ($< 1$ Gyr) withmasses of up to 5$\times$10$^6$M$_\odot$, mostly located in the PR and alongthe tidal debris. The most massive CSSs may be progenitors of metal-richglobular clusters or ultra compact dwarf (UCD) galaxies. We identify one suchyoung UCD candidate, NGC 3808 B-8, and measure its size of $r_{\rmeff}=25.23^{+1.43}_{-2.01}$ pc. We reconstruct the star formation history ofthe two PRGs and find strong peaks in the star formation rate (SFR $\simeq$200M$_\odot$/yr) in NGC 3808B, while NGC 4650A shows milder (declining) starformation (SFR $<$ 10M$_\odot$/yr). This difference may support differentevolutionary paths between these PRGs. The spatial distribution, masses, andpeak star formation epoch of the clusters in NGC 3808 suggest for a tidallytriggered star formation. Incompleteness at old ages prevents us from probingthe SFR at earlier epochs of NGC 4650A, where we observe the fading tail of CSSformation. This also impedes us from testing the formation scenarios of thisPRG.
Eigenspectra optoacoustic tomography achieves quantitative blood  oxygenation imaging deep in tissues	2015	Light propagating in tissue attains a spectrum that varies with location dueto wavelength-dependent fluence attenuation by tissue optical properties, aneffect that causes spectral corruption. Predictions of the spectral variationsof light fluence in tissue are challenging since the spatial distribution ofoptical properties in tissue cannot be resolved in high resolution or with highaccuracy by current methods. Spectral corruption has fundamentally limited thequantification accuracy of optical and optoacoustic methods and impeded thelong sought-after goal of imaging blood oxygen saturation (sO2) deep intissues; a critical but still unattainable target for the assessment ofoxygenation in physiological processes and disease. We discover a new principleunderlying light fluence in tissues, which describes the wavelength dependenceof light fluence as an affine function of a few reference base spectra,independently of the specific distribution of tissue optical properties. Thisfinding enables the introduction of a previously undocumented concept termedeigenspectra Multispectral Optoacoustic Tomography (eMSOT) that can effectivelyaccount for wavelength dependent light attenuation without explicit knowledgeof the tissue optical properties. We validate eMSOT in more than 2000simulations and with phantom and animal measurements. We find that eMSOT canquantitatively image tissue sO2 reaching in many occasions a better than10-fold improved accuracy over conventional spectral optoacoustic methods.Then, we show that eMSOT can spatially resolve sO2 in muscle and tumor;revealing so far unattainable tissue physiology patterns. Last, we relatedeMSOT readings to cancer hypoxia and found congruence between eMSOT tumor sO2images and tissue perfusion and hypoxia maps obtained by correlativehistological analysis.
Homophily and missing links in citation networks	2015	Citation networks have been widely used to study the evolution of sciencethrough the lenses of the underlying patterns of knowledge flows among academicpapers, authors, research sub-fields, and scientific journals. Here we focus oncitation networks to cast light on the salience of homophily, namely theprinciple that similarity breeds connection, for knowledge transfer betweenpapers. To this end, we assess the degree to which citations tend to occurbetween papers that are concerned with seemingly related topics or researchproblems. Drawing on a large data set of articles published in the journals ofthe American Physical Society between 1893 and 2009, we propose a novel methodfor measuring the similarity between articles through the statisticalvalidation of the overlap between their bibliographies. Results suggest thatthe probability of a citation made by one article to another is indeed anincreasing function of the similarity between the two articles. Our study alsoenables us to uncover missing citations between pairs of highly relatedarticles, and may thus help identify barriers to effective knowledge flows. Byquantifying the proportion of missing citations, we conduct a comparativeassessment of distinct journals and research sub-fields in terms of theirability to facilitate or impede the dissemination of knowledge. Findingsindicate that knowledge transfer seems to be more effectively facilitated byjournals of wide visibility, such as Physical Review Letters, than bylower-impact ones. Our study has important implications for authors, editorsand reviewers of scientific journals, as well as public preprint repositories,as it provides a procedure for recommending relevant yet missing references andproperly integrating bibliographies of papers.
Development and test of a real-size MRPC for CBM-TOF	2016	In the CBM (Compressed Baryonic Matter) experiment constructed at theFacility for Anti-proton and Ion Research (Fair) at GSI, Darmstadt, Germany,MRPC(Multi-gap Resistive Plate Chamber) is adopted to construct the large TOF(Time-of-Flight) system to achieve an unprecedented precision of hadronidentification, benefiting from its good time resolution, relatively highefficiency and low building price. We have developed a kind of double-endedreadout strip MRPC. It uses low resistive glass to keep good performance oftime resolution under high-rate condition. The differential double stackstructure of 2x4 gas gaps help to reduce the required high voltage to half.There are 24 strips on one counter, and each is 270mm long, 7mm wide and theinterval is 3mm. Ground is placed onto the MRPC electrode and feed through iscarefully designed to match the 100 Ohm impedance of PADI electronics. Theprototype of this strip MRPC has been tested with cosmic ray, a 98% efficiencyand 60ps time resolution is gotten. In order to further examine the performanceof the detector working under higher particle flux rate, the prototype has beentested in the 2014 October GSI beam time and 2015 February CERN beam time. Inboth beam times a relatively high rate of 1 kHz/cm2 was obtained. Thecalibration is done with CBM ROOT. A couple of corrections has been consideredin the calibration and analysis process (including time-walk correction, gaincorrection, strip alignment correction and velocity correction) to accessactual counter performances such as efficiency and time resolution. Anefficiency of 97% and time resolution of 48ps are obtained. All these resultsshow that the real-size prototype is fully capable of the requirement of theCBM-TOF, and new designs such as self-sealing are modified into the stripcounter prototype to obtain even better performance.
Fast and Accurate Performance Analysis of LTE Radio Access Networks	2016	An increasing amount of analytics is performed on data that is procured in areal-time fashion to make real-time decisions. Such tasks include simplereporting on streams to sophisticated model building. However, the practicalityof such analyses are impeded in several domains because they are faced with afundamental trade-off between data collection latency and analysis accuracy.  In this paper, we study this trade-off in the context of a specific domain,Cellular Radio Access Networks (RAN). Our choice of this domain is influencedby its commonalities with several other domains that produce real-time data,our access to a large live dataset, and their real-time nature anddimensionality which makes it a natural fit for a popular analysis technique,machine learning (ML). We find that the latency accuracy trade-off can beresolved using two broad, general techniques: intelligent data grouping andtask formulations that leverage domain characteristics. Based on this, wepresent CellScope, a system that addresses this challenge by applying a domainspecific formulation and application of Multi-task Learning (MTL) to RANperformance analysis. It achieves this goal using three techniques: featureengineering to transform raw data into effective features, a PCA inspiredsimilarity metric to group data from geographically nearby base stationssharing performance commonalities, and a hybrid online-offline model forefficient model updates. Our evaluation of CellScope shows that its accuracyimprovements over direct application of ML range from 2.5x to 4.4x whilereducing the model update overhead by up to 4.8x. We have also used CellScopeto analyze a live LTE consisting of over 2 million subscribers for a period ofover 10 months, where it uncovered several problems and insights, some of thempreviously unknown.
Dielectric Enhancement from Non-Insulating Particles with Ideally  Polarized Interfaces and Zero $$-Potential I: Exact Solution	2016	We solve exactly the dielectric response of a non-insulating sphere of radius$a$ suspended in symmetric, univalent electrolyte solution, withideally-polarizable interface but without significant $\zeta$-potential. Wethen use this solution to derive the dielectric response of a dilute randomsuspension of such spheres, with volume fraction $f\ll1$, within theMaxwell-Garnett Effective Medium Approximation. Surprisingly, we discover ahuge dielectric enhancement in this bare essential model of dielectricresponses of solids in electrolyte solution: at low frequency $\omega\tau_D \ll(\lambda/a) / (\sigma_w / \sigma_s+1/2)$, the real part of the effectivedielectric constant of the mixture is $1-(3f/2)+(9f/4)(a/\lambda)$. Here$\sigma_{w/s}$ is the conductivity of the electrolyte solution/solids,$\lambda$ is the Debye screening length in the solution, $\tau_D=\lambda^2/D$is the standard time scale of diffusion and $D$ is the ion diffusioncoefficient. As $\lambda$ is of the order nm even for dilute electrolytesolution, even for sub-mm spheres and low volume fraction $f=0.05$ the hugegeometric factor $a/\lambda$ implies an over $10^4$-fold enhancement.Furthermore, we show that this enhancement produces a significant low frequency($\omega\tau_D\ll1$) phase shift $\tan\theta = \mathrm{Re}~ \epsilon(\omega) /\mathrm{Im} ~\epsilon(\omega)$ in a simple impedance measurement of themixture, which is usually negligible in pure electrolyte solution. The phaseshift has a scale-invariant maximum$\tan\theta_{\mathrm{max}}=(9/4)f/(2\sigma_w/\sigma_s+1)$ at$\omega_{\mathrm{max}}=(2D/\lambda a)/(2\sigma_w/\sigma_s+1)$. We provide aphysical picture of the enhancement from an accumulation of charges in a thinExternally Induced Double Layer (EIDL) due to the blocking boundary conditionson interfaces.
Spectral performance of Square Kilometre Array Antennas II: Calibration  performance	2017	We test the bandpass smoothness performance of two prototype Square KilometreArray (SKA) SKA1-Low log-periodic dipole antennas, the SKALA2 and SKALA3 (`SKALog-periodic Antenna'), and the current dipole from the Murchison WidefieldArray (MWA) precursor telescope. Throughout this paper, we refer to the outputcomplex-valued voltage response of an antenna when connected to a low noiseamplifier (LNA), as the dipole bandpass. In Paper I (de Lera Acedo et al.2017), the bandpass spectral response of the log-periodic antenna beingdeveloped for the SKA1-Low was estimated using numerical electromagneticsimulations and analyzed using low-order polynomial fittings and it wascompared with the HERA antenna against the delay spectrum metric. In this work,realistic simulations of the SKA1-Low instrument, including frequency-dependentprimary beams and array configuration, are used with a weighted least-squarespolynomial estimator to assess the ability of prototype antennas to perform theSKA Epoch of Reionisation (EoR) statistical experiments. This work complementsthe ideal estimator tolerances computed for the proposed EoR scienceexperiments in Trott & Wayth (2016), with the realised performance of anoptimal and standard estimation (calibration) procedure. With a sufficient skycalibration model at higher frequencies, all antennas have bandpasses that aresufficiently smooth to meet the tolerances described in Trott & Wayth (2016) toperform the EoR statistical experiments, and these are primarily limited by anadequate sky calibration model, and the thermal noise level in the calibrationdata. At frequencies of the Cosmic Dawn (CD), which is of principal interest toSKA as one of the first next-generation telescopes capable of accessing higherredshifts, the MWA dipole and SKALA3 antenna have adequate performance, whilethe SKALA2 design will impede the ability to explore this era.
Synchronous Observation on the Spontaneous Transformation of Liquid  Metal under Free Falling Microgravity Situation	2017	The unusually high surface tension of room temperature liquid metal ismolding it as unique material for diverse newly emerging areas. However, unlikeits practices on earth, such metal fluid would display very different behaviorswhen working in space where gravity disappears and surface property dominatesthe major physics. So far, few direct evidences are available to understandsuch effect which would impede further exploration of liquid metal use forspace. Here to preliminarily probe into this intriguing issue, a low costexperimental strategy to simulate microgravity environment on earth wasproposed through adopting bridges with high enough free falling distance as thetest platform. Then using digital cameras amounted along x, y, z directions onoutside wall of the transparent container with liquid metal and allied solutioninside, synchronous observations on the transient flow and transformationalactivities of liquid metal were performed. Meanwhile, an unmanned aerialvehicle was adopted to record the whole free falling dynamics of the testcapsule from the far end which can help justify subsequent experimentalprocedures. A series of typical fundamental phenomena were thus observed as:(a) A relatively large liquid metal object would spontaneously transform fromits original planar pool state into a sphere and float in the container ifinitiating the free falling; (b) The liquid metal changes its three-dimensionalshape due to dynamic microgravity strength due to free falling and rebound ofthe test capsule; and (c) A quick spatial transformation of liquid metalimmersed in the solution can easily be induced via external electrical fields.The mechanisms of the surface tension driven liquid metal actuation in spacewere interpreted. All these findings indicated that microgravity effect shouldbe fully treated in developing future generation liquid metal spacetechnologies.
15 years of VLT/UVES OH intensities and temperatures in comparison with  TIMED/SABER data	2017	The high-resolution echelle spectrograph UVES of the Very Large Telescope atCerro Paranal in Chile has been regularly operated since April 2000. Thus, UVESarchival data originally taken for astronomical projects but also including skyemission can be used to study airglow variations on a time scale longer than asolar cycle. Focusing on OH emission and observations until March 2015, weconsidered about 3,000 high-quality spectra from two instrumental set-upscentred on 760 and 860 nm, which cover about 380 nm each. These data allowed usto measure line intensities for several OH bands in order to derive bandintensities and rotational temperatures for different upper vibrational levelsas a function of solar activity and observing date. The results were comparedwith those derived from emission and temperature profile data of the radiometerSABER on the TIMED satellite taken in the Cerro Paranal area between 2002 and2015. In agreement with the SABER data, the long-term variations in OHintensity and temperature derived from the UVES data are dominated by the solarcycle, whereas secular trends appear to be negligible. Combining the UVES andSABER results, the solar cycle effects for the OH intensity and temperature areabout 12 to 17% and 4 to 5 K per 100 sfu and do not significantly depend on theselected OH band. The data also reveal that variations of the effective OHemission layer height and air density can cause significant changes in the OHrotational temperatures due to a varying ratio of OH thermalising collisions byair molecules and OH radiation, deactivation, and destruction processes whichimpede the rotational relaxation. However, this effect appears to be of minorimportance for the explanation of the rotational temperature variations relatedto the solar activity cycle, which causes only small changes in the OH emissionprofile.
Self-Organization and The Origins of Life: The Managed-Metabolism  Hypothesis	2017	The managed-metabolism hypothesis suggests that a cooperation barrier must beovercome if self-producing chemical organizations are to transition fromnon-life to life. This barrier prevents un-managed, self-organizing,autocatalytic networks of molecular species from individuating into complex,cooperative organizations. The barrier arises because molecular species thatcould otherwise make significant cooperative contributions to the success of anorganization will often not be supported within the organization, and becauseside reactions and other free-riding processes will undermine cooperation. As aresult, the barrier seriously limits the possibility space that can be exploredby un-managed organizations, impeding individuation, complex functionality andthe transition to life. The barrier can be overcome comprehensively byappropriate management which implements a system of evolvable constraints. Theconstraints support beneficial co-operators and suppress free riders. In thisway management can manipulate the chemical processes of an autocatalyticorganization, producing novel processes that serve the interests of theorganization as a whole and that could not arise and persist spontaneously inan un-managed chemical organization. Management self-organizes because it isable to capture some of the benefits that are produced when its management ofan autocatalytic organization promotes beneficial cooperation. Selectiontherefore favours the emergence of managers that take over and manage chemicalorganizations so as to overcome the cooperation barrier. The managed-metabolismhypothesis shows that if management is to overcome the cooperation barriercomprehensively, its interventions must be digitally coded. In this way, thehypothesis accounts for the two-tiered structure of all living cells in which adigitally-coded genetic apparatus manages an analogically-informed metabolism.
Predictive modelling of a novel anti-adhesion therapy to combat  bacterial colonisation of burn wounds	2017	As the development of new classes of antibiotics slows, bacterial resistanceto existing antibiotics is becoming an increasing problem. A potential solutionis to develop treatment strategies with an alternative mode of action. Weconsider one such strategy: anti-adhesion therapy. Whereas antibiotics actdirectly upon bacteria, either killing them or inhibiting their growth,anti-adhesion therapy impedes the binding of bacteria to host cells. Thisprevents bacteria from deploying their arsenal of virulence mechanisms, whilesimultaneously rendering them more susceptible to natural and artificialclearance. In this paper, we consider a particular form of anti-adhesiontherapy, involving biomimetic multivalent adhesion molecule (MAM) 7 coupledpolystyrene microbeads, which competitively inhibit the binding of bacteria tohost cells. We develop a mathematical model, formulated as a system of ordinarydifferential equations, to describe inhibitor treatment of a Pseudomonasaeruginosa burn wound infection in the rat. Benchmarking our model against invivo data from an ongoing experimental programme, we use the model to explainbacteria population dynamics and to predict the efficacy of a range oftreatment strategies, with the aim of improving treatment outcome. The modelconsists of two physical compartments: the epithelium and the exudate. It isfound that, when effective in reducing the bacterial burden, inhibitortreatment operates both by preventing bacteria from binding to the epitheliumand by reducing the flux of daughter cells from the epithelium into theexudate. Our model predicts that inhibitor treatment cannot eliminate thebacterial burden when used in isolation; however, when combined with regular orcontinuous debridement of the exudate, elimination is theoretically possible.Lastly, we present ways to improve therapeutic efficacy, as predicted by ourmathematical model.
Bobtail: A Proof-of-Work Target that Minimizes Blockchain Mining  Variance (Draft)	2017	Blockchain systems are designed to produce blocks at a constant average rate.The most popular systems currently employ a Proof of Work (PoW) algorithm as ameans of creating these blocks. Bitcoin produces, on average, one block every10 minutes. An unfortunate limitation of all deployed PoW blockchain systems isthat the time between blocks has high variance. For example, 5% of the time,Bitcoin's inter-block time is at least 40 minutes. This variance impedes theconsistent flow of validated transactions through the system. We propose analternative process for PoW-based block discovery that results in aninter-block time with significantly lower variance. Our algorithm, calledBobtail, generalizes the current algorithm by comparing the mean of the klowest order statistics to a target. We show that the variance of inter-blocktimes decreases as k increases. If our approach were applied to Bitcoin, about80% of blocks would be found within 7 to 12 minutes, and nearly every blockwould be found within 5 to 18 minutes; the average inter-block time wouldremain at 10 minutes. Further, we show that low-variance mining significantlythwarts doublespend and selfish mining attacks. For Bitcoin and Ethereumcurrently (k=1), an attacker with 40% of the mining power will succeed with 30%probability when the merchant sets up an embargo of 8 blocks; however, whenk>=20, the probability of success falls to less than 1%. Similarly, for Bitcoinand Ethereum currently, a selfish miner with 40% of the mining power will claimabout 66% of blocks; however, when k>=5, the same miner will find that selfishmining is less successful than honest mining. The cost of our approach is alarger block header.
SARAS 2: A Spectral Radiometer for probing Cosmic Dawn and the Epoch of  Reionization through detection of the global 21 cm signal	2017	The global 21 cm signal from Cosmic Dawn (CD) and the Epoch of Reionization(EoR), at redshifts $z \sim 6-30$, probes the nature of first sources ofradiation as well as physics of the Inter-Galactic Medium (IGM). Given that thesignal is predicted to be extremely weak, of wide fractional bandwidth, andlies in a frequency range that is dominated by Galactic and Extragalacticforegrounds as well as Radio Frequency Interference, detection of the signal isa daunting task. Critical to the experiment is the manner in which the skysignal is represented through the instrument. It is of utmost importance todesign a system whose spectral bandpass and additive spurious can be wellcalibrated and any calibration residual does not mimic the signal. SARAS is anongoing experiment that aims to detect the global 21 cm signal. Here we presentthe design philosophy of the SARAS 2 system and discuss its performance andlimitations based on laboratory and field measurements. Laboratory tests withthe antenna replaced with a variety of terminations, including a network modelfor the antenna impedance, show that the gain calibration and modeling ofinternal additives leave no residuals with Fourier amplitudes exceeding 2~mK,or residual Gaussians of 25 MHz width with amplitudes exceeding 2~mK. Thus,even accounting for reflection and radiation efficiency losses in the antenna,the SARAS~2 system is capable of detection of complex 21-cm profiles at thelevel predicted by currently favoured models for thermal baryon evolution.
Tuning Electrical and Thermal Transport in AlGaN/GaN Heterostructures  via Buffer Layer Engineering	2017	Over the last decade, progress in wide bandgap, III-V materials systems basedon gallium nitride (GaN) has been a major driver in the realization of highpower and high frequency electronic devices. Since the highly conductive,two-dimensional electron gas (2DEG) at the AlGaN/GaN interface is based onbuilt-in polarization fields (not doping) and is confined to very smallthicknesses, its charge carriers exhibit much higher mobilities in comparisonto their doped counterparts. In this study, we show that this heterostructuredmaterial also offers the unique ability to manipulate electrical transportseparately from thermal transport through the examination of fully-suspendedAlGaN/GaN diaphragms of varied GaN buffer layer thicknesses. Notably, we showthat ~$100$ nm thin GaN layers can considerably impede heat flow withoutelectrical transport degradation, and that a significant improvement (~$4$x) inthe thermoelectric figure of merit ($\it zT$) over externally doped GaN isobserved in 2DEG based heterostructures. We also observe state-of-the artthermoelectric power factors ($4-7\times$ $10^{-3}$$\,Wm^{-1}K^{-2}$) at roomtemperature) in the 2DEG of this material system. This remarkable tuningbehavior and thermoelectric enhancement, elucidated here for the first time ina polarization-based heterostructure, is achieved since the electrons are atthe heterostructured interface, while the phonons are within the materialsystem. These results highlight the potential for using the 2DEG in III-Vmaterials for on-chip thermal sensing and energy harvesting.
Using radio astronomical receivers for molecular spectroscopic  characterization in astrochemical laboratory simulations: A proof of concept	2017	We present a proof of concept on the coupling of radio astronomical receiversand spectrometers with chemical reactorsand the performances of the resultingsetup for spectroscopy and chemical simulations in laboratory astrophysics.Several experiments including cold plasma generation and UV photochemistry wereperformed in a 40\,cm long gas cell placed in the beam path of the Aries 40\,mradio telescope receivers operating in the 41-49 GHz frequency range interfacedwith fast Fourier transform spectrometers providing 2 GHz bandwidth and 38 kHzresolution.  The impedance matching of the cell windows has been studied using differentmaterials. The choice of the material and its thickness was critical to obtaina sensitivity identical to that of standard radio astronomical observations.  Spectroscopic signals arising from very low partial pressures of CH3OH,CH3CH2OH, HCOOH, OCS,CS, SO2 (<1E-03 mbar) were detected in a few seconds. Fastdata acquisition was achieved allowing for kinetic measurements infragmentation experiments using electron impact or UV irradiation. Timeevolution of chemical reactions involving OCS, O2 and CS2 was also observeddemonstrating that reactive species, such as CS, can be maintained with highabundance in the gas phase during these experiments.
Observation of ultrafast solid-density plasma dynamics using femtosecond  X-ray pulses from a free-electron laser	2018	The complex physics of the interaction between short pulse high intensitylasers and solids is so far hardly accessible by experiments. As a result ofmissing experimental capabilities to probe the complex electron dynamics andcompeting instabilities, this impedes the development of compact laser-basednext generation secondary radiation sources, e.g. for tumor therapy[Bulanov2002,ledingham2007], laboratory-astrophysics[Remington1999,Bulanov2015], and fusion [Tabak2014]. At present, thefundamental plasma dynamics that occur at the nanometer and femtosecond scalesduring the laser-solid interaction can only be elucidated by simulations. Herewe show experimentally that small angle X-ray scattering of femtosecond X-rayfree-electron laser pulses facilitates new capabilities for direct in-situcharacterization of intense short-pulse laser plasma interaction at soliddensity that allows simultaneous nanometer spatial and femtosecond temporalresolution, directly verifying numerical simulations of the electron densitydynamics during the short pulse high intensity laser irradiation of a soliddensity target. For laser-driven grating targets, we measure the solid densityplasma expansion and observe the generation of a transient grating structure infront of the pre-inscribed grating, due to plasma expansion, which is anhitherto unknown effect. We expect that our results will pave the way for noveltime-resolved studies, guiding the development of future laser-driven particleand photon sources from solid targets.
Unlocking CO Depletion in Protoplanetary Disks I. The Warm Molecular  Layer	2018	CO is commonly used as a tracer of the total gas mass in both theinterstellar medium and in protoplanetary disks. Recently there has been muchdebate about the utility of CO as a mass tracer in disks. Observations of CO inprotoplanetary disks reveal a range of CO abundances, with measurements of lowCO to dust mass ratios in numerous systems. One possibility is that carbon isremoved from CO via chemistry. However, the full range of physical conditionsconducive to this chemical reprocessing is not well understood. We perform asystematic survey of the time dependent chemistry in protoplanetary disks for198 models with a range of physical conditions. We varying dust grain sizedistribution, temperature, comic ray and X-ray ionization rate, disk mass, andinitial water abundance, detailing what physical conditions are necessary toactivate the various CO depletion mechanisms in the warm molecular layer. Wefocus our analysis on the warm molecular layer in two regions: the outer disk(100 au) well outside the CO snowline and the inner disk (19 au) just insidethe midplane CO snow line. After 1 Myr, we find that the majority of modelshave a CO abundance relative to H$_2$ less than $10^{-4}$ in the outer disk,while an abundance less than $10^{-5}$ requires the presence of cosmic rays.Inside the CO snow line, significant depletion of CO only occurs in models witha high cosmic ray rate. If cosmic rays are not present in young disks it isdifficult to chemically remove carbon from CO. Additionally, removing waterprior to CO depletion impedes the chemical processing of CO. Chemicalprocessing alone cannot explain current observations of low CO abundances.Other mechanisms must also be involved.
A low phase noise microwave frequency synthesizer based on parameters  optimized NLTL for Cs fountain clock	2018	We report on the development and phase noise performance of a 9.1926 GHzmicrowave frequency synthesizer to be used as the local oscillator for a Csfountain clock. It is based on frequency multiplication and synthesis from anultralow phase noise 5 MHz Oven Controlled Crystal Oscillator (OCXO) and 100MHz Voltage Controlled Crystal Oscillator (VCXO).The key component of thefrequency multiplication is a non-linear transmission-line (NLTL) used as afrequency comb generator. The phase noise of the synthesizer is improved bycarefully optimizing the input power, the input and output impedances of theNLTL. The absolute phase noises of the 9.1926 GHz output signal are measured tobe -64 dBc/Hz, -83 dBc/Hz, -92 dBc/Hz, -117 dBc/Hz and -119 dBc/Hz at 1 Hz,10Hz, 100Hz, 1 kHz and 10 kHz offset frequencies, respectively. The residualphase noise of the synthesizer is measured to be -82 dBc/Hz at 1 Hz offsetfrequency. The measurement result shows that the absolute phase noise at thefrequency range of 1 - 100 Hz is mainly limited by the phase noise of the OCXO.The contribution of the absolute phase noise to the fountain clock short-termfrequency stability is calculated to be 7.0x10^(-14). The residual frequencystability of the synthesizer is measured to be1.5x10^(-14), which is consistentwith the calculated frequency stability due to the residual phase noise of thesynthesizer. Meanwhile we designed and realized an interferometric microwaveswitch in the synthesizer to eliminate the frequency shifts induced by themicrowave leakage. The extinction ratio of the switch is measured to be morethan 50 dB. In the scheme, we use only commercially available components tobuild the microwave frequency synthesizer with excellent phase noiseperformance for high-performance Cs fountain clocks.
Exoplanetary atmosphere target selection in the era of comparative  planetology	2018	The large number of new planets expected from wide-area transit surveys meansthat follow-up transmission spectroscopy studies of their atmospheres will belimited by the availability of telescope assets. We argue that telescopescovering a broad range of apertures will be required, with even 1m-classinstruments providing a potentially important contribution. Survey strategiesthat employ automated target selection will enable robust population studies.As part of such a strategy, we propose a decision metric to pair the besttarget to the most suitable telescope, and demonstrate its effectiveness evenwhen only primary transit observables are available. Transmission spectroscopytarget selection need not therefore be impeded by the bottle-neck of requiringprior follow-up observations to determine the planet mass. The decision metriccan be easily deployed within a distributed heterogeneous network of telescopesequipped to undertake either broadband photometry or spectroscopy. We show howthe metric can be used either to optimise the observing strategy for a giventelescope (e.g. choice of filter) or to enable the selection of the besttelescope to optimise the overall sample size. Our decision metric can alsoprovide the basis for a selection function to help evaluate the statisticalcompleteness of follow-up transmission spectroscopy datasets. Finally, wevalidate our metric by comparing its ranked set of targets against lists ofplanets that have had their atmospheres successfully probed, and against someexisting prioritised exoplanet lists.
When Sheep Shop: Measuring Herding Effects in Product Ratings with  Natural Experiments	2018	As online shopping becomes ever more prevalent, customers rely increasinglyon product rating websites for making purchase decisions. The reliability ofonline ratings, however, is potentially compromised by the so-called herdingeffect: when rating a product, customers may be biased to follow othercustomers' previous ratings of the same product. This is problematic because itskews long-term customer perception through haphazard early ratings. The studyof herding poses methodological challenges. In particular, observationalstudies are impeded by the lack of counterfactuals: simply correlating earlywith subsequent ratings is insufficient because we cannot know what thesubsequent ratings would have looked like had the first ratings been different.The methodology introduced here exploits a setting that comes close to anexperiment, although it is purely observational---a natural experiment. Our keymethodological device consists in studying the same product on two separaterating sites, focusing on products that received a high first rating on onesite, and a low first rating on the other. This largely controls for confoundssuch as a product's inherent quality, advertising, and producer identity, andlets us isolate the effect of the first rating on subsequent ratings. In a casestudy, we focus on beers as products and jointly study two beer rating sites,but our method applies to any pair of sites across which products can bematched. We find clear evidence of herding in beer ratings. For instance, if abeer receives a very high first rating, its second rating is on average half astandard deviation higher, compared to a situation where the identical beerreceives a very low first rating. Moreover, herding effects tend to last a longtime and are noticeable even after 20 or more ratings. Our results haveimportant implications for the design of better rating systems.
Millimeter-Wave Polarimeters Using Kinetic Inductance Detectors for  TolTEC and Beyond	2018	Microwave Kinetic Inductance Detectors (MKIDs) provide a compelling pathforward to the large-format polarimeter, imaging, and spectrometer arraysneeded for next-generation experiments in millimeter-wave cosmology andastronomy. We describe the development of feedhorn-coupled MKID detectors forthe TolTEC millimeter-wave imaging polarimeter being constructed for the50-meter Large Millimeter Telescope (LMT). Observations with TolTEC are plannedto begin in early 2019. TolTEC will comprise $\sim$7,000 polarization sensitiveMKIDs and will represent the first MKID arrays fabricated and deployed onmonolithic 150 mm diameter silicon wafers -- a critical step towards futurelarge-scale experiments with over $10^5$ detectors. TolTEC will operate inobservational bands at 1.1, 1.4, and 2.0 mm and will use dichroic filters todefine a physically independent focal plane for each passband, thus allowingthe polarimeters to use simple, direct-absorption inductive structures that areimpedance matched to incident radiation. This work is part of a larger programat NIST-Boulder to develop MKID-based detector technologies for use over a widerange of photon energies spanning millimeter-waves to X-rays. We present thedetailed pixel layout and describe the methods, tools, and flexible designparameters that allow this solution to be optimized for use anywhere in themillimeter and sub-millimeter bands. We also present measurements of prototypedevices operating in the 1.1 mm band and compare the observed opticalperformance to that predicted from models and simulations.
The signaling signature of the neurotensin type 1 receptor with  endogenous ligands	2018	The human neurotensin 1 receptor (hNTS1) is a G protein-coupled receptorinvolved in many physiological functions, including analgesia, hypothermia, andhypotension. To gain a better understanding of which signaling pathways orcombination of pathways are linked to NTS1 activation and function, weinvestigated the ability of activated hNTS1, which was stably expressed byCHO-K1 cells, to directly engage G proteins, activate second messenger cascadesand recruit \b{eta}-arrestins. Using BRET-based biosensors, we found thatneurotensin (NT), NT(8-13) and neuromedin N (NN) activated the G{\alpha}q-,G{\alpha}i1-, G{\alpha}oA-, and G{\alpha}13-protein signaling pathways as wellas the recruitment of \b{eta}-arrestins 1 and 2. Using pharmacologicalinhibitors, we further demonstrated that all three ligands stimulated theproduction of inositol phosphate and modulation of cAMP accumulation along withERK1/2 activation. Interestingly, despite the functional coupling toG{\alpha}i1 and G{\alpha}oA, NT was found to produce higher levels of cAMP inthe presence of pertussis toxin, supporting that hNTS1 activation leads to cAMPaccumulation in a G{\alpha}s-dependent manner. Additionally, we demonstratedthat the full activation of ERK1/2 required signaling through both aPTX-sensitive Gi/o-c-Src signaling pathway and PLCb-DAG-PKC-Raf-1- dependentpathway downstream of Gq. Finally, the whole-cell integrated signaturesmonitored by the cell-based surface plasmon resonance and changes in theelectrical impedance of a confluent cell monolayer led to identical phenotypicresponses between the three ligands. The characterization of the hNTS1-mediatedcellular signaling network will be helpful to accelerate the validation ofpotential NTS1 biased ligands with an improved therapeutic/adverse effectprofile.
When few survive to tell the tale: thymus and gonad as auditioning  organs: historical overview	2018	Unlike other organs, the thymus and gonads generate non-uniform cellpopulations, many members of which perish, and a few survive. While it isrecognized that thymic cells are 'audited' to optimize an organism's immunerepertoire, whether gametogenesis could be orchestrated similarly to favourhigh quality gametes is uncertain. Ideally, such quality would be affirmed atearly stages before the commitment of extensive parental resources. A case ishere made that, along the lines of a previously proposed lymphocyte qualitycontrol mechanism, gamete quality can be registered indirectly throughdetection of incompatibilities between proteins encoded by the grandparentalDNA sequences within the parent from which haploid gametes are meioticallyderived. This 'stress test' is achieved in the same way that thymic screeningfor potential immunological incompatibilities is achieved - by 'promiscuous'expression, under the influence of the AIRE protein, of the products of genesthat are not normally specific for that organ. Consistent with this, the Airegene is expressed in both thymus and gonads, and AIRE deficiency impedesfunction in both organs. While not excluding the subsequent emergence of hybridincompatibilities due to the intermixing of genomic sequences from parents(rather than grandparents), many observations, such as the number of proteinsthat are aberrantly expressed during gametogenesis, can be explained on thisbasis. Indeed, promiscuous expression could have first evolved ingamete-forming cells where incompatible proteins would be manifest as aberrantprotein aggregates that cause apoptosis. This mechanism would later have beenco-opted by thymic epithelial cells which display peptides from aggregates toremove potentially autoreactive T cells.
A parameterization analysis for acoustic full-waveform inversion of  sub-wavelength anomalies	2018	In the case of multi-parameter full-waveform inversion, the computation ofthe additional Hessian terms that contain derivatives with respect to more thanone type of parameter is necessary. If a simple gradient-based minimization isused, different choices of parameterization can be interpreted as differentpreconditioners that change the condition number of the Hessian. If thenon-linear inverse problem is well-posed, then the inversion should converge toa band-limited version of the true solution irrespective of theparameterization choice, provided we start sufficiently close to the globalminimum. However, the choice of parameterization will affect the rate ofconvergence to the exact solution and the best choice of parameterization isthe one with the fastest rate. In this paper, we search for the best choice foracoustic multi-parameter full-waveform inversion, where 1. anomalies with asize less than a quarter of the dominant wavelength have to be estimatedwithout the risk of converging to a local minimum; 2. the scattered wavefieldis recorded at all the scattering angles; 3. a steepest-descent minimizationscheme is used. Our examples suggest that the best choice of parameterizationdepends on the contrast of the subsurface scatterer that the inversion tries toestimate. Based on the results, we observe that there is no bestparameterization choice for full-waveform inversion. We also observe that aparameterization using the acoustic impedance and mass density has the worstconvergence rate. Finally, we also show that the parameterization analysisduring a hierarchical inversion, where the data have limited scattering angles,only helps to select a subspace for mono-parameter inversion. Formulti-parameter hierarchical inversion, the search for the bestparameterization in terms of the convergence speed might be obfuscated bynon-uniqueness problems.
Asymmetrical voltage response in resonant neurons shaped by  nonlinearities	2018	The conventional impedance profile of a neuron can identify the presence ofresonance and other properties of the neuronal response to oscillatory inputs,such as nonlinear response amplifications, but it cannot distinguish othernonlinear properties such as asymmetries in the shape of the voltage responseenvelope. Experimental observations have shown that the response of neurons tooscillatory inputs preferentially enhances either the upper or lower part ofthe voltage envelope in different frequency bands. These asymmetric voltageresponses arise in a neuron model when it is submitted to high enough amplitudeoscillatory currents of variable frequencies. We show how the nonlinearitiesassociated to different ionic currents or present in the model as captured byits voltage equation lead to asymmetrical response and how high amplitudeoscillatory currents emphasize this response. We propose a geometricalexplanation for the phenomenon where asymmetries result not only fromnonlinearities in their activation curves but also from nonlinearites capturedby the nullclines in the phase-plane diagram and from the system's time-scaleseparation. In addition, we identify an unexpected frequency-dependent patternwhich develops in the gating variables of these currents and is a product ofstrong nonlinearities in the system as we show by controlling such behavior bymanipulating the activation curve parameters. The results reported in thispaper shed light on the ionic mechanisms by which brain embedded neuronsprocess oscillatory information.
Design and Vertical Tests of SPS-series Double-Quarter Wave (DQW) Cavity  Prototypes for the HL-LHC Crab Cavity System	2018	Crab crossing is essential for high-luminosity colliders. The High LuminosityLarge Hadron Collider (HL-LHC) will equip one of its Interaction Points (IP1)with Double-Quarter Wave (DQW) crab cavities. A DQW cavity is a new generationof deflecting RF cavities that stands out for its compactness and broadfrequency separation between fundamental and first high-order modes. Thedeflecting kick is provided by its fundamental mode. Each HL-LHC DQW cavityshall provide a nominal deflecting voltage of 3.4 MV, although up to 5.0 MV maybe required. A Proof-of-Principle (PoP) DQW cavity was limited by quench at 4.6MV. This paper describes a new, highly optimized cavity, designated DQWSPS-series, which satisfies dimensional, cryogenic, manufacturing and impedancerequirements for beam tests at SPS and operation in LHC. Two prototypes of thisDQW SPS-series were fabricated by US industry and cold tested after followingconventional SRF surface treatment. Both units outperformed the PoP cavity,reaching a deflecting voltage of 5.3-5.9 MV. This voltage - the highest reachedby a DQW cavity - is well beyond the nominal voltage of 3.4 MV and may evenoperate at the ultimate voltage of 5.0MVwith sufficient margin. This papercovers fabrication, surface preparation and cryogenic RF test results andimplications.
Time resolved imaging of the non-linear bullet mode within an  injection-locked nano-contact spin Hall nano-oscillator	2018	Injection of a radio frequency (RF) current was used to phase lock the SHNOto the TRSKM. The out of plane magnetization was detected by means of the polarmagneto optical Kerr effect (MOKE). However, longitudinal MOKE images weredominated by an artifact arising from the edges of the Au NCs. Time resolvedimaging revealed the simultaneous excitation of a non-linear `bullet' mode atthe centre of the device, once the DC current exceeded a threshold value, andferromagnetic resonance (FMR) induced by the RF current. However, the FMRresponse observed for sub-critical DC current values exhibits an amplitudeminimum at the centre, which is attributed to spreading of the RF spin currentdue to the reactance of the device structure. This FMR response can besubtracted to yield images of the bullet mode. As the DC current is increasedabove threshold, the bullet mode appears to increase in size, suggestingincreased translational motion. The reduced spatial overlap of the bullet andFMR modes, and this putative translational motion, may impede the injectionlocking and contribute to the reduced locking range observed within NC-SHNOdevices. This illustrates a more general need to control the geometry of aninjection-locked oscillator so that the autonomous dynamics of the oscillatorexhibit strong spatial overlap with those resulting from the injected signal.
RetainVis: Visual Analytics with Interpretable and Interactive Recurrent  Neural Networks on Electronic Medical Records	2018	We have recently seen many successful applications of recurrent neuralnetworks (RNNs) on electronic medical records (EMRs), which contain historiesof patients' diagnoses, medications, and other various events, in order topredict the current and future states of patients. Despite the strongperformance of RNNs, it is often challenging for users to understand why themodel makes a particular prediction. Such black-box nature of RNNs can impedeits wide adoption in clinical practice. Furthermore, we have no establishedmethods to interactively leverage users' domain expertise and prior knowledgeas inputs for steering the model. Therefore, our design study aims to provide avisual analytics solution to increase interpretability and interactivity ofRNNs via a joint effort of medical experts, artificial intelligence scientists,and visual analytics researchers. Following the iterative design processbetween the experts, we design, implement, and evaluate a visual analytics toolcalled RetainVis, which couples a newly improved, interpretable and interactiveRNN-based model called RetainEX and visualizations for users' exploration ofEMR data in the context of prediction tasks. Our study shows the effective useof RetainVis for gaining insights into how individual medical codes contributeto making risk predictions, using EMRs of patients with heart failure andcataract symptoms. Our study also demonstrates how we made substantial changesto the state-of-the-art RNN model called RETAIN in order to make use oftemporal information and increase interactivity. This study will provide auseful guideline for researchers that aim to design an interpretable andinteractive visual analytics tool for RNNs.
Simulations of the dynamics of magnetised jets and cosmic rays in galaxy  clusters	2018	Feedback processes by active galactic nuclei in the centres of galaxyclusters appear to prevent large-scale cooling flows and impede star formation.However, the detailed heating mechanism remains uncertain. One promisingheating scenario invokes the dissipation of Alfv\'en waves that are generatedby streaming cosmic rays (CRs). In order to study this idea, we usethree-dimensional magneto-hydrodynamical simulations with the AREPO code thatfollow the evolution of jet-inflated bubbles that are filled with CRs in aturbulent cluster atmosphere. We find that a single injection event producesthe CR distribution and heating rate required for a successful CR heatingmodel. As a bubble rises buoyantly, cluster magnetic fields drape around theleading interface and are amplified to strengths that balance the ram pressure.Together with helical magnetic fields in the bubble, this initially confinesthe CRs and suppresses the formation of interface instabilities. But as thebubble continues to rise, bubble-scale eddies significantly amplify radialmagnetic filaments in its wake and enable CR transport from the bubble to thecooling intracluster medium. By varying the jet parameters, we obtain a richand diverse set of jet and bubble morphologies ranging from Fanaroff-Riley typeI-like (FRI) to FRII-like jets. We identify jet energy as the leading orderparameter (keeping the ambient density profiles fixed), whereas jet luminosityis primarily responsible for setting the Mach numbers of shocks aroundFRII-like sources. Our simulations also produce FRI-like jets that inflatebubbles without detectable shocks and show morphologies consistent with clusterobservations.
Cold electrons at comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko	2018	The electron temperature of the plasma is one important aspect of theenvironment. Electrons created by photoionization or impact ionization ofatmospheric gas have energies $\sim$10 eV. In an active comet coma, the gasdensity is high enough for rapid cooling of the electron gas to the neutral gastemperature (a few hundred kelvin). How cooling evolves in less active cometshas not been studied before. Aims. We aim to investigate how electron coolingvaried as comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko changed its activity by three ordersof magnitude during the Rosetta mission. We used in situ data from the Rosettaplasma and neutral gas sensors. By combining Langmuir probe bias voltage sweepsand mutual impedance probe measurements, we determined at which time coldelectrons formed at least 25\% of the total electron density. We compared theresults to what is expected from simple models of electron cooling, using theobserved neutral gas density as input. We demonstrate that the slope of theLangmuir probe sweep can be used as a proxy for the presence of cold electrons.We show statistics of cold electron observations over the two-year missionperiod. We find cold electrons at lower activity than expected by a simplemodel based on free radial expansion and continuous loss of electron energy.Cold electrons are seen mainly when the gas density indicates that an exobasemay have formed. Collisional cooling of electrons following a radial outwardpath is not sufficient to explain the observations. We suggest that theambipolar electric field keeps electrons in the inner coma for a much longertime, giving them time to dissipate energy by collisions with the neutrals. Weconclude that better models are required to describe the plasma environment ofcomets. They need to include at least two populations of electrons and theambipolar field.
Coherent microwave photon mediated coupling between a semiconductor and  a superconductor qubit	2018	Semiconductor qubits rely on the control of charge and spin degrees offreedom of electrons or holes confined in quantum dots (QDs). They constitute apromising approach to quantum information processing [1, 2], complementary tosuperconducting qubits [3]. Typically, semiconductor qubit-qubit coupling isshort range [1, 2, 4, 5], effectively limiting qubit distance to the spatialextent of the wavefunction of the confined particle, which represents asignificant constraint towards scaling to reach dense 1D or 2D arrays of QDqubits. Following the success of circuit quantum eletrodynamics [6], the strongcoupling regime between the charge [7, 8] and spin [9, 10, 11] degrees offreedom of electrons confined in semiconducting QDs interacting with individualphotons stored in a microwave resonator has recently been achieved. In thisletter, we demonstrate coherent coupling between a superconducting transmonqubit and a semiconductor double quantum dot (DQD) charge qubit mediated byvirtual microwave photon excitations in a tunable high-impedance SQUID arrayresonator acting as a quantum bus [12, 13, 14]. The transmon-charge qubitcoherent coupling rate ($ \sim$ 21 MHz) exceeds the linewidth of both thetransmon ($ \sim$ 0.8 MHz) and the DQD charge ($ \sim$ 3 MHz) qubit. By tuningthe qubits into resonance for a controlled amount of time, we observe coherentoscillations between the constituents of this hybrid quantum system. Theseresults enable a new class of experiments exploring the use of the two-qubitinteractions mediated by microwave photons to create entangled states betweensemiconductor and superconducting qubits. The methods and techniques presentedhere are transferable to QD devices based on other material systems and can bebeneficial for spin-based hybrid systems.
Semantically Enhanced Dynamic Bayesian Network for Detecting Sepsis  Mortality Risk in ICU Patients with Infection	2018	Although timely sepsis diagnosis and prompt interventions in Intensive CareUnit (ICU) patients are associated with reduced mortality, early clinicalrecognition is frequently impeded by non-specific signs of infection andfailure to detect signs of sepsis-induced organ dysfunction in a constellationof dynamically changing physiological data. The goal of this work is toidentify patient at risk of life-threatening sepsis utilizing a data-centeredand machine learning-driven approach. We derive a mortality risk predictivedynamic Bayesian network (DBN) guided by a customized sepsis knowledgebase andcompare the predictive accuracy of the derived DBN with the Sepsis-relatedOrgan Failure Assessment (SOFA) score, the Quick SOFA (qSOFA) score, theSimplified Acute Physiological Score (SAPS-II) and the Modified Early WarningScore (MEWS) tools.  A customized sepsis ontology was used to derive the DBN node structure andsemantically characterize temporal features derived from both structuredphysiological data and unstructured clinical notes. We assessed the performancein predicting mortality risk of the DBN predictive model and comparedperformance to other models using Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)curves, area under curve (AUROC), calibration curves, and risk distributions.  The derived dataset consists of 24,506 ICU stays from 19,623 patients withevidence of suspected infection, with 2,829 patients deceased at discharge. TheDBN AUROC was found to be 0.91, which outperformed the SOFA (0.843), qSOFA(0.66), MEWS (0.73), and SAPS-II (0.77) scoring tools. Continuous NetReclassification Index and Integrated Discrimination Improvement analysissupported the superiority DBN. Compared with conventional rule-based riskscoring tools, the sepsis knowledgebase-driven DBN algorithm offers improvedperformance for predicting mortality of infected patients in ICUs.
Nesterov-aided Stochastic Gradient Methods using Laplace Approximation  for Bayesian Design Optimization	2018	Finding the best setup for experiments is the primary concern for OptimalExperimental Design (OED). Here, we focus on the Bayesian experimental designproblem of finding the setup that maximizes the Shannon expected informationgain. We use the stochastic gradient descent and its accelerated counterpart,which employs Nesterov's method, to solve the optimization problem in OED. Weadapt a restart technique, originally proposed for the acceleration indeterministic optimization, to improve stochastic optimization methods. Wecombine these optimization methods with three estimators of the objectivefunction: the double-loop Monte Carlo estimator (DLMC), the Monte Carloestimator using the Laplace approximation for the posterior distribution (MCLA)and the double-loop Monte Carlo estimator with Laplace-based importancesampling (DLMCIS). Using stochastic gradient methods and Laplace-basedestimators together allows us to use expensive and complex models, such asthose that require solving partial differential equations (PDEs). From atheoretical viewpoint, we derive an explicit formula to compute the gradientestimator of the Monte Carlo methods, including MCLA and DLMCIS. From acomputational standpoint, we study four examples: three based on analyticalfunctions and one using the finite element method. The last example is anelectrical impedance tomography experiment based on the complete electrodemodel. In these examples, the accelerated stochastic gradient descent methodusing MCLA converges to local maxima with up to five orders of magnitude fewermodel evaluations than gradient descent with DLMC.
Discovery of causal paths in cardiorespiratory parameters: a  time-independent approach in elite athletes	2018	Training of elite athletes requires regular physiological and medicalmonitoring to plan the schedule, intensity and volume of training, andsubsequent recovery. In sports medicine, ECG-based analyses are wellestablished. However, they rarely consider the correspondence of respiratoryand cardiac activity. Given such mutual influence, we hypothesize that athletemonitoring might be developed with causal inference and that detailed,time-related techniques should be preceded by a more general, time-independentapproach that considers the whole group of participants and parametersdescribing whole signals. The aim of this study was to discover general causalpaths among cardiac and respiratory variables in elite athletes in two bodypositions (supine and standing), at rest. ECG and impedance pneumographysignals were obtained from 100 elite athletes. The mean HR, the RMSSD, itsnatural logarithm, the mean respiratory rate, the breathing activitycoefficients, and the resulting breathing regularity were estimated. Severalcausal discovery frameworks were applied: generalized correlations, CAM, FGES,GFCI, and two Bayesian network learning algorithms: Hill-Climbing and Tabu. Themain, still mild, rules best supported by data are: for supine - tidal volumecauses heart activity variation, which causes HR, which causes respiratorytiming; and for standing - normalized respiratory activity variation causesaverage heart activity. The presented approach allows data-driven andtime-independent analysis of elite athletes as a particular population, withoutconsidering prior knowledge. However, the results seem to be consistent withthe medical background. Causality inference is an interesting mathematicalapproach to the analysis of biological responses, which are complex. One canuse it to profile athletes and plan appropriate training.
Reactor Neutrino Spectral Distortions Play Little Role in Mass Hierarchy  Experiments	2018	The Coulomb enhancement of low energy electrons in nuclear beta decaygenerates sharp cutoffs in the accompanying antineutrino spectrum at the betadecay endpoint energies. It has been conjectured that these features willinterfere with measuring the effect of a neutrino mass hierarchy on anoscillated nuclear reactor antineutrino spectrum. These sawtooth-like featureswill appear in detailed reactor antineutrino spectra, with characteristicenergy scales similar to the oscillation period critical to neutrino masshierarchy determination near a 53 km baseline. However, these sawtooth-likedistortions are found to contribute at a magnitude of only a few percentrelative to the mass hierarchy-dependent oscillation pattern in Fourier space.In the Fourier cosine and sine transforms, the features that encode a neutrinomass hierarchy dominate by over sixteen (thirty-three) times in prominence tothe maximal contribution of the sawtooth-like distortions from the detailedenergy spectrum, given $3.2\%/\sqrt{E_\mathrm{vis.}/\mathrm{MeV}}$ (perfect)detector energy resolution. The effect of these distortions is shown to benegligible even when the uncertainties in the reactor spectrum, oscillationparameters, and counting statistics are considered. This result is shown tohold even when the opposite hierarchy oscillation patterns are nearlydegenerate in energy space, if energy response nonlinearities are controlled tobelow 0.5\%. Therefore with accurate knowledge of detector energy response, thesawtooth-like features in reactor antineutrino spectra will not significantlyimpede neutrino mass hierarchy measurements using reactor antineutrinos.
Acceleration of cosmic expansion through huge cosmological constant  progressively reduced by submicroscopic information transfer	2018	In a previous paper (Ref. [1]) the presence of dark energy in our universewas explained as the fingerprint of a comprehensive, much older and expandingmultiverse with positive spatial curvature, whose space-time is spanned by thisenergy, and which was created out of nothing. This concept is expanded by theaddition of a model for explaining the decay of the mass density $\varrho$ ofdark energy from its origin until now by a factor of approximately $10^{-120}$.Elementary particles contain information about which laws of nature they obey,but not what exactly these are. Most likely, the laws are not followed byobedience to a categorical imperative. Rather, it is assumed, that from thevery beginning the information about them is coded in submicroscopic patches ofthe space-time. The initial density $\varrho_i$ is supposed to belong to theunimpaired cosmological constant obtained from elementary particle theory. Dueto its huge value it causes an extremely fast spatial expansion by whichcontinuously new space-time elements are created. To them, the informationabout the physical laws must be transmitted from the already presentspace-time. This process needs time which with ever-increasing expansionvelocity is getting scarcer and scarcer. It is concluded that this impedes theexpansion through a friction-like process which can be described by a termproportional to the expansion-velocity. This term is subtracted from theexpansion-acceleration. It is shown that the solutions thus obtained are alsosolutions of the cosmological standard equations employing a scalar field$\Phi$. In consequence, the present model can be considered as are-interpretation of results which can be obtained with acknowledged methods.
Noncontact Imaging of Ion Dynamics in Polymer Electrolytes with  Time-Resolved Electrostatic Force Microscopy	2018	Ionic transport processes govern performance in many classic and emergingdevices, ranging from battery storage to modern mixed-conductionelectrochemical transistors. Here, we study local ion transport dynamics inpolymer films using time-resolved electrostatic force microscopy (trEFM). Weestablish a correspondence between local and macroscopic measurements usinglocal trEFM and macroscopic electrical impedance spectroscopy (EIS). We usepolymer films doped with lithium bis(trifluoromethane)sulfonimide (LiTFSI) as amodel system where the polymer backbone has oxanorbornenedicarboximide repeatunits with an oligomeric ethylene oxide side chain of length n. Our resultsshow that the local polymer response measured in the time domain with trEFMfollows stretched exponential relaxation kinetics, consistent with theHavriliak-Negami relaxation we measure in the frequency-domain EIS data formacroscopic samples of the same polymers. Furthermore, we show that the trEFMresults capture the same trends as the EIS results-changes in ion dynamics withincreasing temperature, increasing salt concentration, and increasing volumefraction of ethylene oxide side chains in the polymer matrix evolve with thesame trends in both measurement techniques. We conclude from this correlationthat trEFM data reflect, at the nanoscale, the same ionic processes probed inconventional EIS at the device level. Finally, as an example application foremerging materials syntheses, we use trEFM and infrared photoinduced forcemicroscopy (PiFM) to image a novel diblock copolymer electrolyte fornext-generation solid-state energy storage applications.
Analyzing Neuroimaging Data Through Recurrent Deep Learning Models	2018	The application of deep learning (DL) models to neuroimaging data posesseveral challenges, due to the high dimensionality, low sample size and complextemporo-spatial dependency structure of these datasets. Even further, DL modelsact as as black-box models, impeding insight into the association of cognitivestate and brain activity. To approach these challenges, we introduce theDeepLight framework, which utilizes long short-term memory (LSTM) based DLmodels to analyze whole-brain functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI)data. To decode a cognitive state (e.g., seeing the image of a house),DeepLight separates the fMRI volume into a sequence of axial brain slices,which is then sequentially processed by an LSTM. To maintain interpretability,DeepLight adapts the layer-wise relevance propagation (LRP) technique. Thereby,decomposing its decoding decision into the contributions of the single inputvoxels to this decision. Importantly, the decomposition is performed on thelevel of single fMRI volumes, enabling DeepLight to study the associationsbetween cognitive state and brain activity on several levels of datagranularity, from the level of the group down to the level of single timepoints. To demonstrate the versatility of DeepLight, we apply it to a largefMRI dataset of the Human Connectome Project. We show that DeepLightoutperforms conventional approaches of uni- and multivariate fMRI analysis indecoding the cognitive states and in identifying the physiologicallyappropriate brain regions associated with these states. We further demonstrateDeepLight's ability to study the fine-grained temporo-spatial variability ofbrain activity over sequences of single fMRI samples.
Operation and performance of microhexcavity pixel detector in gas  discharge and avalanche mode	2018	The Microhexcavity Panel ( muHex) is a novel gaseous micropattern particledetector comprised of a dense array of close-packed hexagonal pixels, eachoperating as an independent detection unit for ionizing radiation. It is asecond generation detector derived from plasma panel detectors and microcavitydetectors. The muHex is under development to be deployed as a scalable, fasttiming (ns) and hermetically sealed gaseous tracking detector with high rate (> 100 KHz/cm^2 ) capability. The devices reported here were fabricated as 16 x16 pixel arrays of 2 mm edge-to-edge, 1 mm deep hexagonal cells embedded in athin, 1.4 mm glass-ceramic wafer. Cell walls are metalized cathodes, connectedto high voltage bus lines through conductive vias. Anodes are small, 457 microndiameter metal discs screen printed on the upper substrate. The detectors arefilled with an operating gas to near 1 atm and then closed with a shut-offvalve. They have been operated in both avalanche mode and gas dischargedevices, producing mV to volt level signals with about 1 to 3 ns rise times.Operation in discharge mode is enabled by high impedance quench resistors onthe high voltage bus at each pixel site. Results indicate that each individualpixel behaves as an isolated detection unit with high single pixel intrinsicefficiency to both beta's from radioactive sources and to cosmic ray muons.Continuous avalanche mode operation over several days at hit rates over 300KHz/cm^2 with no gas flow have been observed. Measurements of pixel isolation,timing response, efficiency, hit rate and rate stability are reported.
Beyond the Leaderboard: Insight and Deployment Challenges to Address  Research Problems	2018	In the medical image analysis field, organizing challenges with associatedworkshops at international conferences began in 2007 and has grown to includeover 150 challenges. Several of these challenges have had a major impact in thefield. However, whereas well-designed challenges have the potential to uniteand focus the field on creating solutions to important problems, poorlydesigned and documented challenges can equally impede a field and lead topursuing incremental improvements in metric scores with no theoretic orclinical significance. This is supported by a critical assessment of challengesat the international MICCAI conference. In this assessment the main observationwas that small changes to the underlying challenge data can drastically changethe ranking order on the leaderboard. Related to this is the practice ofleaderboard climbing, which is characterized by participants focusing onincrementally improving metric results rather than advancing science or solvingthe driving problem of a challenge. In this abstract we look beyond theleaderboard of a challenge and instead look at the conclusions that can bedrawn from a challenge with respect to the research problem that it isaddressing. Research study design is well described in other research areas andcan be translated to challenge design when viewing challenges as researchstudies on algorithm performance that address a research problem. Based on thetwo main types of scientific research study design, we propose two mainchallenge types, which we think would benefit other research areas as well: 1)an insight challenge that is based on a qualitative study design and 2) adeployment challenge that is based on a quantitative study design. In additionwe briefly touch upon related considerations with respect to statisticalsignificance versus practical significance, generalizability and datasaturation.
Experimental 3D Coherent Diffractive Imaging from photon-sparse random  projections	2018	"The routine atomic-resolution structure determination of single particles isexpected to have profound implications for probing the structure-functionrelationship in systems ranging from energy materials to biological molecules.Extremely-bright, ultrashort-pulse X-ray sources---X-ray Free Electron Lasers(XFELs)---provide X-rays that can be used to probe ensembles of nearlyidentical nano-scale particles. When combined with coherent diffractiveimaging, these objects can be imaged; however, as the resolution of the imagesapproaches the atomic scale, the measured data are increasingly difficult toobtain and, during an X-ray pulse, the number of photons incident on thetwo-dimensional detector is much smaller than the number of pixels. This latterconcern, the signal ""sparsity,"" materially impedes the application of themethod. We demonstrate an experimental analog using a synchrotron X-ray sourcethat yields signal levels comparable to those expected from single biomoleculesilluminated by focused XFEL pulses. The analog experiment provides aninvaluable cross-check on the fidelity of the reconstructed data that is notavailable during XFEL experiments. We establish---using this experimentaldata---that a sparsity of order $1.3\times10^{-3}$ photons per pixel per framecan be overcome, lending vital insight to the solution of the atomic-resolutionXFEL single particle imaging problem by experimentally demonstrating 3Dcoherent diffractive imaging from photon-sparse random projections."
Multilevel Double Loop Monte Carlo and Stochastic Collocation Methods  with Importance Sampling for Bayesian Optimal Experimental Design	2018	An optimal experimental set-up maximizes the value of data for statisticalinferences and predictions. The efficiency of strategies for finding optimalexperimental set-ups is particularly important for experiments that aretime-consuming or expensive to perform. For instance, in the situation when theexperiments are modeled by Partial Differential Equations (PDEs), multilevelmethods have been proven to dramatically reduce the computational complexity oftheir single-level counterparts when estimating expected values. For a settingwhere PDEs can model experiments, we propose two multilevel methods forestimating a popular design criterion known as the expected information gain insimulation-based Bayesian optimal experimental design. The expected informationgain criterion is of a nested expectation form, and only a handful ofmultilevel methods have been proposed for problems of such form. We propose aMultilevel Double Loop Monte Carlo (MLDLMC), which is a multilevel strategywith Double Loop Monte Carlo (DLMC), and a Multilevel Double Loop StochasticCollocation (MLDLSC), which performs a high-dimensional integration bydeterministic quadrature on sparse grids. For both methods, the Laplaceapproximation is used for importance sampling that significantly reduces thecomputational work of estimating inner expectations. The optimal values of themethod parameters are determined by minimizing the average computational work,subject to satisfying the desired error tolerance. The computationalefficiencies of the methods are demonstrated by estimating the expectedinformation gain for Bayesian inference of the fiber orientation in compositelaminate materials from an electrical impedance tomography experiment. MLDLSCperforms better than MLDLMC when the regularity of the quantity of interest,with respect to the additive noise and the unknown parameters, can beexploited.
Damping of acoustic waves in straight ducts and turbulent flow  conditions	2018	In this paper the propagation of acoustic plane waves in turbulent, fullydeveloped flow is studied by means of an experimental investigation carried outin a straight, smooth-walled duct.The presence of a coherent perturbation, suchas an acoustic wave in a turbulent confined flow, generates the oscillation ofthe wall shear stress. In this circumstance a shear wave is excited andsuperimposed on the sound wave. The turbulent shear stress is modulated by theshear wave and the wall shear stress is strongly affected by the turbulence.From the experimental point of view, it results in a measured damping strictlyconnected to the ratio between the thickness of the acoustic sublayer, which isfrequency dependent, and the thickness of the viscous sublayer of the turbulentmean flow, the last one being dependent on the Mach number. By reducing theturbulence, the viscous sublayer thickness increases and the wave propagationis mainly dominated by convective effects. In the present work, the damping andwall impedance have been extracted from the measured complex wavenumber, whichrepresents the most important parameter used to characterize the wavepropagation. An experimental approach, referred to as iterative plane wavedecomposition, has been used in order to obtain the results. The investigationshave been carried out at low Mach number turbulent flows, low Helmholtz numbersand low shear wavenumbers. The aim is to overcome a certain lack ofexperimental results found by the authors of the most recent models for theplane wave propagation in turbulent flows, such as Knutsson et al. (The effectof turbulence damping on acoustic wave propagation in tubes, Journal of Soundand Vibration, Vol. 329, No. 22, 2010), and Weng et al. (The attenuation ofsound by turbulence in internal flows, The Journal of the Acoustical Society ofAmerica 133(6), 2013).
On the Mayer series of two-dimensional Yukawa gas at inverse temperature  in the interval of collapse	2019	A Theorem on the minimal specific energy for a system with \pm 1 chargedparticles interacting through the Yukawa pair potential v is proved which maystated as follows. Let v be represented by scale mixtures of d-dimensionalEuclid's hat (cutoff at short scale distances) with d\geq 2. For any evennumber of particles n, the interacting energy U_{n} divided by n, attains ann-independent minimum at a configuration with zero net charge and particlepositions collapsed altogether to a point. For any odd number of particles n,the ratio U_{n}/(n-1) attains its minimum value, the same of the previouscases, at the configuration with \pm 1 net charge and particle positionscollapsed to a point. This Theorem is then used to resolve an obstructiveremark of an unpublished paper (Remark 7.5 of \cite{Guidi-Marchetti}) which,whether the standard decomposition of the Yukawa potential into scales wereadopted, would impede a direct proof of the convergence of the Mayer series ofthe two-dimensional Yukawa gas for the inverse temperature in the wholeinterval [4\pi ,8\pi ) of collapse. In the present paper, it is provenconvergence up to the second threshold 6\pi and its given explanations on themechanism that allow it to be extend up to 8\pi . The paper distinguishes thematters concerning stability from those related to convergence of the Mayerseries. In respect to the latter the paper dedicates to the Cauchy majorantemethod applied to the density function of Yukawa gas in the interval ofcollapses. It also dedicates to the proof of the main Theorem and estimates ofthe modified Bessel functions of second kind involved in both representationsof two-dimensional Yukawa potential: standard and scale mixture of the Euclid'shat function.
Compact Galaxies at Intermediate Redshifts Quench Faster than  Normal-sized Galaxies	2019	Massive quiescent compact galaxies have been discovered at high redshifts,associated with rapid compaction and cessation of star formation (SF). In thiswork we set out to quantify the time-scales in which SF is quenched in compactgalaxies at intermediate redshifts. For this, we select a sample of greenvalley galaxies within the COSMOS field in the midst of quenching their SF at$0.5<z<1.0$ that exhibit varying degrees of compactness. Based on the H$\delta$absorption line and the 4000 \AA \ break of coadded zCOSMOS spectra forsub-samples of normal-sized and compact galaxies we determine quenchingtime-scales as a function of compactness. We find that the SF quenchingtime-scales in green valley compact galaxies are much shorter than innormal-sized ones. In an effort to understand this trend, we use the Illustrissimulation to trace the evolution of the SF history, the growth rate of thecentral super massive black hole (SMBH) {\bf and the AGN-feedback in compactand normal-sized galaxies. We find that the key difference between their SFquenching time-scales is linked to the mode of the AGN-feedback. In the compactgalaxies predominates the kinematic-mode, which is highly efficient atquenching the SF by depleting the internal gas. On the normal-sized galaxies,the prevailing thermal-mode injects energy in the circumgalactic gas, impedingthe cold gas supply and quenching the SF via the slower strangulationmechanism.} These results are consistent with the violent disk instability andgas-rich mergers scenarios, followed by strong AGN and stellar feedback.Although this kind of event is most expected to occur at $z=2-3$, we findevidences that the formation of compact quiescent galaxies can occur at $z<1$.
AutoRegressive Planet Search: Methodology	2019	The detection of periodic signals from transiting exoplanets is often impededby extraneous aperiodic photometric variability, either intrinsic to the staror arising from the measurement process. Frequently, these variations areautocorrelated wherein later flux values are correlated with previous ones. Inthis work, we present the methodology of the Autoregessive Planet Search (ARPS)project which uses Autoregressive Integrated Moving Average (ARIMA) and relatedstatistical models that treat a wide variety of stochastic processes, as wellas nonstationarity, to improve detection of new planetary transits. Providing atime series is evenly spaced or can be placed on an evenly spaced grid withmissing values, these low-dimensional parametric models can prove veryeffective. We introduce a planet-search algorithm to detect periodic transitsin the residuals after the application of ARIMA models. Our matched-filteralgorithm, the Transit Comb Filter (TCF), is closely related to the traditionalBox-fitting Least Squares and provides an analogous periodogram. Finally, if apreviously identified or simulated sample of planets is available, selectedscalar features from different stages of the analysis -- the original lightcurves, ARIMA fits, TCF periodograms, and folded light curves -- can becollectively used with a multivariate classifier to identify promisingcandidates while efficiently rejecting false alarms. We use Random Forests forthis task, in conjunction with Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curves,to define discovery criteria for new, high fidelity planetary candidates. TheARPS methodology can be applied to both evenly spaced satellite light curvesand densely cadenced ground-based photometric surveys.
Solar flares observed by Rosetta at comet 67P	2019	Context. The Rosetta spacecraft made continuous measurements of the coma ofcomet 67P/ Churyumov-Gerasimenko (67P) for more than two years. The plasma inthe coma appeared very dynamic, and many factors control its variability. Aims.We wish to identify the effects of solar flares on the comet plasma and alsotheir effect on the measurements by the Langmuir Probe Instrument (LAP).Methods. To identify the effects of flares, we proceeded from an existing flarecatalog of Earth-directed solar flares, from which a new list was created thatonly included Rosetta-directed flares. We also used measurements of flares atMars when at similar longitudes as Rosetta. The flare irradiance spectral model(FISM v.1) and its Mars equivalent (FISM-M) produce an extreme-ultraviolet(EUV) irradiance (10-120 nm) of the flares at 1 min resolution. LAP data anddensity measurements obtained with the Mutual Impedence Probe (MIP) from thetime of arrival of the flares at Rosetta were examined to determine the flareeffects. Results. From the vantage point of Earth, 1504 flares directed towardRosetta occurred during the mission. In only 24 of these, that is, 1.6%, wasthe increase in EUV irradiance large enough to cause an observable effect inLAP data. Twenty-four Mars-directed flares were also observed in Rosetta data.The effect of the flares was to increase the photoelectron current by typically1-5 nA. We find little evidence that the solar flares increase the plasmadensity, at least not above the background variability. Conclusions. Solarflares have a small effect on the photoelectron current of the LAP instrument,and they are not significant in comparison to other factors that control theplasma density in the coma. The photoelectron current can only be used forflare detection during periods of calm plasma conditions.
Efficiently Reusing Natural Language Processing Models for  Phenotype-Mention Identification in Free-text Electronic Medical Records:  Methodology Study	2019	"Background: Many efforts have been put into the use of automated approaches,such as natural language processing (NLP), to mine or extract data fromfree-text medical records to construct comprehensive patient profiles fordelivering better health-care. Reusing NLP models in new settings, however,remains cumbersome - requiring validation and/or retraining on new dataiteratively to achieve convergent results.  Objective: The aim of this work is to minimize the effort involved in reusingNLP models on free-text medical records.  Methods: We formally define and analyse the model adaptation problem inphenotype-mention identification tasks. We identify ""duplicate waste"" and""imbalance waste"", which collectively impede efficient model reuse. We proposea phenotype embedding based approach to minimize these sources of waste withoutthe need for labelled data from new settings.  Results: We conduct experiments on data from a large mental health registryto reuse NLP models in four phenotype-mention identification tasks. Theproposed approach can choose the best model for a new task, identifying up to76% (duplicate waste), i.e. phenotype mentions without the need for validationand model retraining, and with very good performance (93-97% accuracy). It canalso provide guidance for validating and retraining the selected model fornovel language patterns in new tasks, saving around 80% (imbalance waste), i.e.the effort required in ""blind"" model-adaptation approaches.  Conclusions: Adapting pre-trained NLP models for new tasks can be moreefficient and effective if the language pattern landscapes of old settings andnew settings can be made explicit and comparable. Our experiments show that thephenotype-mention embedding approach is an effective way to model languagepatterns for phenotype-mention identification tasks and that its use can guideefficient NLP model reuse."
Nonlinear dark-field imaging of 1D defects in monolayer dichalcogenides	2019	Extended defects with one dimensionality smaller than that of the host, suchas 2D grain boundaries in 3D materials or 1D grain boundaries in 2D materials,can be particularly damaging since they directly impede the transport ofcharge, spin or heat, and can introduce a metallic character into otherwisesemiconducting systems. Unfortunately, a technique to rapidly andnon-destructively image 1D defects in 2D materials is lacking. Scanningtransmission electron microscopy (STEM), Raman, photoluminescence and nonlinearoptical spectroscopies, are all extremely valuable, but current implementationssuffer from low throughput and a destructive nature (STEM) or limitations intheir unambiguous sensitivity at the nanoscale. Here we demonstrate thatdark-field second harmonic generation (SHG) microscopy can rapidly,efficiently, and non-destructively probe grain boundaries and edges inmonolayer dichalcogenides (i.e. MoSe2, MoS2 and WS2). Dark-field SHGefficiently separates the spatial components of the emitted light and exploitsinterference effects from crystal domains of different orientations to localizegrain boundaries and edges as very bright 1D patterns through a Cerenkov-typeSHG emission. The frequency dependence of this emission in MoSe2 monolayers isexplained in terms of plasmon-enhanced SHG related to the defects metalliccharacter. This new technique for nanometer-scale imaging of the grainstructure, domain orientation and localized 1D plasmons in 2D differentsemiconductors, thus enables more rapid progress towards both applications andfundamental materials discoveries.
Master equation for operational amplifiers: stability of negative  differential converters, crossover frequency and pass-bandwidth	2019	"The time dependent master equation from the seminal article by Ragazzini,Randall and Russell [J. R. Ragazzini, R. H. Randall and F. A. Russell,""Analysis of Problems in Dynamics by Electronic Circuits"", Proc. of the I.R.E.,Vol. 35, pp. 444--452, (1947)] is recovered as necessary tool for the analysisof contemporary circuits with operational amplifiers. This equation gives therelation between time dependent the output voltage $U_0(t)$ and the differencebetween the input voltages ($U_{+}(t)$ and $U_{-}(t)$). The crossover frequency$f_0$ is represented the time constant $\tau_{_0}$ of this equation. The workof the master equation is illustrated by two typical examples: a) the stabilitycriterion of the devices with negative impedance converters, which we consideras a new result b) the frequency dependence of the amplifiers with operationalamplifiers given in the technical specifications without citations of timedependent equation. A simple circuit for determination of $f_0$ is suggestedand the method is illustrated by determination of crossover frequency for thelow-noise and high speed ADA4898 operational amplifier. It is concluded thatfor an exact calculation of the pass bandwidth of amplifiers with activefilters the 70 years old master equation is a useful technique implicitlyincluded in the contemporary software. The frequency dependent formulae for theamplification coefficient of inverting and non-inverting amplifiers are givenfor the case of non-zero conductivity between the inputs of the operationalamplifiers."
Kinetic Inductance Detectors and readout electronics for the OLIMPO  experiment	2019	Kinetic Inductance Detectors (KIDs) are superconductive low$-$temperaturedetectors useful for astrophysics and particle physics. We have developedarrays of lumped elements KIDs (LEKIDs) sensitive to microwave photons,optimized for the four horn-coupled focal planes of the OLIMPO balloon-bornetelescope, working in the spectral bands centered at 150 GHz, 250 GHz, 350 GHz,and 460 GHz. This is aimed at measuring the spectrum of the Sunyaev-Zel'dovicheffect for a number of galaxy clusters, and will validate LEKIDs technology ina space-like environment. Our detectors are optimized for an intermediatebackground level, due to the presence of residual atmosphere androom--temperature optical system and they operate at a temperature of 0.3 K.The LEKID planar superconducting circuits are designed to resonate between 100and 600 MHz, and to match the impedance of the feeding waveguides; the measuredquality factors of the resonators are in the $10^{4}-10^{5}$ range, and theyhave been tuned to obtain the needed dynamic range. The readout electronics iscomposed of a $cold$ $part$, which includes a low noise amplifier, adc$-$block, coaxial cables, and power attenuators; and a $room-temperature$$part$, FPGA$-$based, including up and down-conversion microwave components (IQmodulator, IQ demodulator, amplifiers, bias tees, attenuators). In thiscontribution, we describe the optimization, fabrication, characterization andvalidation of the OLIMPO detector system.
Compositional Coding for Collaborative Filtering	2019	Efficiency is crucial to the online recommender systems. Representing usersand items as binary vectors for Collaborative Filtering (CF) can achieve fastuser-item affinity computation in the Hamming space, in recent years, we havewitnessed an emerging research effort in exploiting binary hashing techniquesfor CF methods. However, CF with binary codes naturally suffers from lowaccuracy due to limited representation capability in each bit, which impedes itfrom modeling complex structure of the data.  In this work, we attempt to improve the efficiency without hurting the modelperformance by utilizing both the accuracy of real-valued vectors and theefficiency of binary codes to represent users/items. In particular, we proposethe Compositional Coding for Collaborative Filtering (CCCF) framework, whichnot only gains better recommendation efficiency than the state-of-the-artbinarized CF approaches but also achieves even higher accuracy than thereal-valued CF method. Specifically, CCCF innovatively represents eachuser/item with a set of binary vectors, which are associated with a sparsereal-value weight vector. Each value of the weight vector encodes theimportance of the corresponding binary vector to the user/item. The continuousweight vectors greatly enhances the representation capability of binary codes,and its sparsity guarantees the processing speed. Furthermore, an integerweight approximation scheme is proposed to further accelerate the speed. Basedon the CCCF framework, we design an efficient discrete optimization algorithmto learn its parameters. Extensive experiments on three real-world datasetsshow that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art binarized CF methods(even achieves better performance than the real-valued CF method) by a largemargin in terms of both recommendation accuracy and efficiency.
Reconfigurable radiofrequency electronic functions designed with 3D  Smith Charts in Metal-Insulator-Transition Materials	2019	Recently, the field of Metal-Insulator-Transition (MIT) materials has emergedas an unconventional solution for novel energy efficient electronic functions,such as steep slope subthermionic switches, neuromorphic hardware,reconfigurable radiofrequency functions, new types of sensors, teraherz andoptoelectronic devices. Designing radiofrequency (RF) electronic circuits witha MIT material like vanadium dioxide, VO2, requires the understanding of itsphysics and appropriate models and tools, with predictive capability over largerange of frequency (1-100GHz). Here, we develop 3D Smith charts for devices andcircuits having complex frequency dependences, like the ones resulting by theuse of MIT materials. The novel foundation of a 3D Smith chart involves herethe geometrical fundamental notions of oriented curvature and variablehomothety in order to clarify first theoretical inconsistencies in Foster andNon Foster circuits, where the driving point impedances exhibit mixed clockwiseand counter-clockwise frequency dependent paths on the Smith chart as frequencyincreases. We show here the unique visualization capability of a 3D Smithchart, which allows to quantify orientation over variable frequency. The new 3DSmith chart is applied as a 3D multi-parameter modelling and design environmentfor the complex case of Metal-Insulator-Transition (MIT) materials where theirpermittivity is dependent on the frequency. In this work, we apply 3D Smithcharts to on Vanadium Dioxide (VO2) reconfigurable Peano inductors. We reportfabricated inductors with record quality factors using VO2 phase transition toprogram multiple tuning states, operating in the range 4 GHz to 10 GHz.Finally, we fabricate new Peano curves filters used to extract thefrequency-dependent dielectric constant of VO2 within 1 GHz-50 GHz for theaccurate design of RF electronic applications with phase change materials
Personalized Purchase Prediction of Market Baskets with  Wasserstein-Based Sequence Matching	2019	Personalization in marketing aims at improving the shopping experience ofcustomers by tailoring services to individuals. In order to achieve this,businesses must be able to make personalized predictions regarding the nextpurchase. That is, one must forecast the exact list of items that will comprisethe next purchase, i.e., the so-called market basket. Despite its relevance tofirm operations, this problem has received surprisingly little attention inprior research, largely due to its inherent complexity. In fact,state-of-the-art approaches are limited to intuitive decision rules for patternextraction. However, the simplicity of the pre-coded rules impedes performance,since decision rules operate in an autoregressive fashion: the rules can onlymake inferences from past purchases of a single customer without taking intoaccount the knowledge transfer that takes place between customers. In contrast,our research overcomes the limitations of pre-set rules by contributing a novelpredictor of market baskets from sequential purchase histories: our predictionsare based on similarity matching in order to identify similar purchase habitsamong the complete shopping histories of all customers. Our contributions areas follows: (1) We propose similarity matching based on subsequential dynamictime warping (SDTW) as a novel predictor of market baskets. Thereby, we caneffectively identify cross-customer patterns. (2) We leverage the Wassersteindistance for measuring the similarity among embedded purchase histories. (3) Wedevelop a fast approximation algorithm for computing a lower bound of theWasserstein distance in our setting. An extensive series of computationalexperiments demonstrates the effectiveness of our approach. The accuracy ofidentifying the exact market baskets based on state-of-the-art decision rulesfrom the literature is outperformed by a factor of 4.0.
Hangul Fonts Dataset: a Hierarchical and Compositional Dataset for  Interrogating Learned Representations	2019	Interpretable representations of data are useful for testing a hypothesis orto distinguish between multiple potential hypotheses about the data. Incontrast, applied machine learning, and specifically deep learning (DL), isoften used in contexts where performance is valued over interpretability.Indeed, deep networks (DNs) are often treated as ``black boxes'', and it is notwell understood what and how they learn from a given dataset. This lack ofunderstanding seriously hinders adoption of DNs as data analysis tools inscience and poses numerous research questions. One problem is that current deeplearning research datasets either have very little hierarchical structure orare too complex for their structure to be analyzed, impeding precisepredictions of hierarchical representations. To address this gap, we present abenchmark dataset with known hierarchical and compositional structure and a setof methods for performing hypothesis-driven data analysis using DNs. The HangulFonts Dataset is composed of 35 fonts, each with 11,172 written syllablesconsisting of 19 initial consonants, 21 medial vowels, and 28 final consonants.The rules for combining and modifying individual Hangul characters into blockscan be encoded, with translation, scaling, and style variation that depend onprecise block content, as well as naturalistic variation across fonts. Thus,the Hangul Fonts Dataset will provide an intermediate complexity dataset withwell-defined, hierarchical features to interrogate learned representations. Wefirst present a summary of the structure of the dataset. Using a set ofunsupervised and supervised methods, we find that deep network representationscontain structure related to the geometrical hierarchy of the characters. Ourresults lay the foundation for a better understanding of what deep networkslearn from complex, structured datasets.
Signatures of relic quantum nonequilibrium	2019	[Shortened Abstract:] This thesis explores the possibility that quantumprobabilities arose thermodynamically. A chief concern is the detection ofprimordial `quantum nonequilibrium', since this is observably distinct fromtextbook quantum physics. Chapters 2, 3, 4, and 5 are adaptations of references[1,2,3], and [4] respectively.  Chapter 2 proposes (information) entropy conservation as a minimalrequirement for a theory to feature classical-style thermodynamic relaxation.The resulting structure is dubbed `the iRelax framework'. Both classicalmechanics and de Broglie-Bohm quantum theory are shown to be special cases.Indications for a possible extension or unification of de Broglie-Bohm theoryare briefly highlighted.  Chapter 3 examines ways in which quantum relaxation may be prevented. Themethod of the drift-field is introduced. A systematic treatment of nodes isgiven. A category of quantum states is found for which relaxation issignificantly impeded, and may not complete at all.  Chapters 4 and 5 consider the possibility that primordial quantumnonequilibrium may be conserved in the statistics of a species of reliccosmological particle. Necessary factors for this to be the case are discussedand illustrative scenarios are given both in terms of nonequilibrium particlescreated by inflaton decay, as well as relic vacuum modes for species thatdecoupled close to the Planck temperature. The search for so-called`smoking-gun' spectral lines created by dark matter decay or annihilation isargued to be a particularly promising setting for the detection of quantumnonequilibrium. Unintuitive spectral effects relating to the contextuality ofquantum measurements are described. If such a suspected source of quantumnonequilibrium were found, its subjection to a specifically quantum mechanicaltest would confirm or deny the presence of the quantum nonequilibriumconclusively.
Generalization Guarantees for Neural Networks via Harnessing the  Low-rank Structure of the Jacobian	2019	"Modern neural network architectures often generalize well despite containingmany more parameters than the size of the training dataset. This paper exploresthe generalization capabilities of neural networks trained via gradientdescent. We develop a data-dependent optimization and generalization theorywhich leverages the low-rank structure of the Jacobian matrix associated withthe network. Our results help demystify why training and generalization iseasier on clean and structured datasets and harder on noisy and unstructureddatasets as well as how the network size affects the evolution of the train andtest errors during training. Specifically, we use a control knob to split theJacobian spectum into ""information"" and ""nuisance"" spaces associated with thelarge and small singular values. We show that over the information spacelearning is fast and one can quickly train a model with zero training loss thatcan also generalize well. Over the nuisance space training is slower and earlystopping can help with generalization at the expense of some bias. We also showthat the overall generalization capability of the network is controlled by howwell the label vector is aligned with the information space. A key feature ofour results is that even constant width neural nets can provably generalize forsufficiently nice datasets. We conduct various numerical experiments on deepnetworks that corroborate our theoretical findings and demonstrate that: (i)the Jacobian of typical neural networks exhibit low-rank structure with a fewlarge singular values and many small ones leading to a low-dimensionalinformation space, (ii) over the information space learning is fast and most ofthe label vector falls on this space, and (iii) label noise falls on thenuisance space and impedes optimization/generalization."
Experimental investigation of $$-condensation in light nuclei	2019	Method: To examine signatures of this alpha-condensation, a compound nucleusreaction using 160, 280, and 400 MeV 16O beams impinging on a carbon target wasused to investigate the 12C(16O,7a) reaction. This permits a search fornear-threshold states in the alpha-conjugate nuclei up to 24Mg. Results: Eventsup to an alpha-particle multiplicity of 7 were measured and the results werecompared to both an Extended Hauser-Feshbach calculation and the Fermi break-upmodel. The measured multiplicity distribution exceeded that predicted from asequential decay mechanism and had a better agreement with the multi-particleFermi break-up model. Examination of how these 7 alpha final states could bereconstructed to form 8Be and 12C(0_2+) showed a quantitative difference inwhich decay modes were dominant compared to the Fermi break-up model. No newstates were observed in 16O, 20Ne, and 24Mg due to the effect of the N-alphapenetrability suppressing the total alpha-particle dissociation decay mode.Conclusion: The reaction mechanism for a high energy compound nucleus reactioncan only be described by a hybrid of sequential decay and multi-particlebreakup. Highly alpha-clustered states were seen which did not originate fromsimple binary reaction processes. Direct investigations of near-thresholdstates in N-alpha systems are inherently impeded by the Coulomb barrierprohibiting the observation of states in the N-alpha decay channel. No evidenceof a highly clustered 15.1 MeV state in 16O was observed from(28Si*,12C(0_2+))16O(0_6+) when reconstructing the Hoyle state from 3alpha-particles. Therefore, no experimental signatures for alpha-condensationwere observed.
Surpassing the rate-transmittance linear bound of quantum key  distribution	2019	Quantum key distribution (QKD offers a long-term solution to establishinformation-theoretically secure keys between two distant users. In practice,with a careful characterization of quantum sources and the decoy-state method,measure-device-independent quantum key distribution (MDI-QKD) provides securekey distribution. While short-distance fibre-based QKD has already beenavailable for real-life implementation, the bottleneck of practical QKD lies onthe limited transmission distance. Due to photon losses in transmission, it wasbelieved that the key generation rate is bounded by a linear function of thechannel transmittance, $O(\eta)$, without a quantum repeater, which puts anupper bound on the maximal secure transmission distance. Interestingly, a newphase-encoding MDI-QKD scheme, named twin-field QKD, has been suggested to beatthe linear bound, while another variant, named phase-matching quantum keydistribution (PM-QKD), has been proven to have a quadratic key-rateimprovement, $O(\sqrt{\eta})$. In reality, however, the intrinsic optical modemismatch of independent lasers, accompanied by phase fluctuation and drift,impedes the successful experimental implementation of the new schemes. Here, wesolve this problem with the assistance of the laser injection technique and thephase post-compensation method. In the experiment, the key rate surpasses thelinear key-rate bound via 302 km and 402 km commercial-fibre channels,achieving a key rate over 4 orders of magnitude higher than the existingresults in literature. Furthermore, with a 502 km ultralow-loss fibre, oursystem yields a secret key rate of 0.118 bps. We expect this new type of QKDschemes to become a new standard for future QKD.
First Hard X-ray Observation of a Compact Symmetric Object: A Broadband  X-ray Study of a radio galaxy OQ+208 with NuSTAR and Chandra	2019	Compact Symmetric Objects (CSOs) have been observed with Chandra andXMM-Newton to gain insights into the initial stages of a radio source evolutionand probe the black hole activity at the time of relativistic outflowformation. However, there have been no CSO observations to date at the hardX-ray energies (> 10 keV), impeding our ability to robustly constrain theproperties of the intrinsic X-ray emission and of the medium surrounding theyoung expanding jets. We present the first hard X-ray observation of a CSOperformed with NuSTAR. Our target, OQ+208, is detected up to 30 keV, and thuswe establish CSOs as a new class of NuSTAR sources. We analyze the NuSTAR datajointly with our new Chandra and archival XMM-Newton data and find that ayoung, ~250 years old, radio jet spanning the length of ~10 pc coexists withcold obscuring matter, consistent with a dusty torus, with an equivalenthydrogen column density $N_H = 10^{23}$-$10^{24}$ cm$^{-2}$. The primary X-rayemission is characterized by a photon index $\Gamma \sim 1.45$ and intrinsic0.5-30 keV luminosity $L \sim 10^{43}$ erg s$^{-1}$. The results of ourspectral modeling and broad-line optical classification of the source suggest aporous structure of the obscuring torus. Alternatively, the source may belongto the class of optically un-obscured/X-ray obscured AGN. The observed X-rayemission is too weak compared to that predicted by the expanding radio lobesmodel, leaving an accretion disk corona or jets as the possible origins of theX-ray emission from this young radio galaxy.
Theory of reflectionless scattering modes	2019	We develop the theory of a special type of scattering state in which a set ofasymptotic channels are chosen as inputs and the complementary set as outputs,and there is zero reflection back into the input channels. In general aninfinite number of such solutions exist at discrete complex frequencies. Ourresults apply to linear electromagnetic and acoustic wave scattering and alsoto quantum scattering, in all dimensions, for arbitrary geometries includingscatterers in free space, and for any choice of the input/output sets. We referto such a state as reflection-zero (R-zero) when it occurs off thereal-frequency axis and as an Reflectionless Scattering Mode (RSM) when it istuned to a real frequency as a steady-state solution. Such reflectionlessbehavior requires a specific monochromatic input wavefront, given by theeigenvector of a filtered scattering matrix with eigenvalue zero. Steady-stateRSMs may be realized by index tuning which do not break flux conservation or bygain-loss tuning. RSMs of flux-conserving cavities are bidirectional whilethose of non-flux-conserving cavities are generically unidirectional. Cavitieswith ${\cal PT}$-symmetry have unidirectional R-zeros in complex-conjugatepairs, implying that reflectionless states naturally arise at real frequenciesfor small gain-loss parameter but move into the complex-frequency plane after aspontaneous ${\cal PT}$-breaking transition. Numerical examples of RSMs aregiven for one-dimensional cavities with and without gain/loss, a ${\cal PT}$cavity, a two-dimensional multiwaveguide junction, and a two-dimensionaldeformed dielectric cavity in free space. We outline and implement a generaltechnique for solving such problems, which shows promise for designing photonicstructures which are perfectly impedance-matched for specific inputs, or canperfectly convert inputs from one set of modes to a complementary set.
Human-Machine Collaborative Design for Accelerated Design of Compact  Deep Neural Networks for Autonomous Driving	2019	An effective deep learning development process is critical for widespreadindustrial adoption, particularly in the automotive sector. A typicalindustrial deep learning development cycle involves customizing andre-designing an off-the-shelf network architecture to meet the operationalrequirements of the target application, leading to considerable trial and errorwork by a machine learning practitioner. This approach greatly impedesdevelopment with a long turnaround time and the unsatisfactory quality of thecreated models. As a result, a development platform that can aid engineers ingreatly accelerating the design and production of compact, optimized deepneural networks is highly desirable. In this joint industrial case study, westudy the efficacy of the GenSynth AI-assisted AI design platform foraccelerating the design of custom, optimized deep neural networks forautonomous driving through human-machine collaborative design. We perform aquantitative examination by evaluating 10 different compact deep neuralnetworks produced by GenSynth for the purpose of object detection via aNASNet-based user network prototype design, targeted at a low-cost GPU-basedaccelerated embedded system. Furthermore, we quantitatively assess the talenthours and GPU processing hours used by the GenSynth process and three otherapproaches based on the typical industrial development process. In addition, wequantify the annual cloud cost savings for comprehensive testing using networksproduced by GenSynth. Finally, we assess the usability and merits of theGenSynth process through user feedback. The findings of this case study showedthat GenSynth is easy to use and can be effective at accelerating the designand production of compact, customized deep neural network.
Spectroscopy of short-lived radioactive molecules: A sensitive  laboratory for new physics	2019	The study of molecular systems provides exceptional opportunities for theexploration of the fundamental laws of nature and for the search for physicsbeyond the Standard Model of particle physics. Measurements of moleculescomposed of naturally occurring nuclei have provided the most stringent upperbounds to the electron electric dipole moment to date, and offer a route toinvestigate the violation of fundamental symmetries with unprecedentedsensitivity. Radioactive molecules - where one or more of their atoms possessesa radioactive nucleus - can contain heavy and deformed nuclei, offeringsuperior sensitivity for EDM measurements as well as for othersymmetry-violating effects. Radium monofluoride, RaF, is of particular interestas it is predicted to have an appropriate electronic structure for direct lasercooling. Furthermore, some Ra isotopes are known to be octupole deformed,thereby resulting in a large enhancement of their symmetry-violating nuclearmoments. Until now,however, no experimental measurements of RaF have beenperformed, and their study is impeded by major experimental challenges, as nostable isotopes of radium exist. Here, we present a novel experimental approachto study short-lived radioactive molecules using the highly sensitive collinearresonance ionisation method. With this technique we have measured, for thefirst time, the energetically low-lying electronic states for each of theisotopically pure RaF molecules at the ISOLDE-CERN. Our results provide strongevidence of the existence of a suitable laser-cooling scheme for thesemolecules and constitute a pivotal step towards high-precision studies in thesesystems. Our findings open up new opportunities in the synthesis, manipulationand study of short-lived radioactive molecules, which will have a direct impactin many-body physics, astrophysics, nuclear structure, and fundamental physicsresearch.
Mechanism of reconstitution/activation of the soluble PQQ-dependent  glucose dehydrogenase from Acinetobacter calcoaceticus: a comprehensive study	2019	The ability to switch on the activity of an enzyme through its spontaneousreconstitution has proven to be a valuable tool in fundamental studies ofenzyme structure/reactivity relationships or in the design of artificial signaltransduction systems in bioelectronics, synthetic biology, or bioanalyticalapplications. In particular, those based on the spontaneousreconstitution/activation of the apo-PQQ-dependent soluble glucosedehydrogenase (sGDH) from Acinetobacter calcoaceticus were widely developed.However, the reconstitution mechanism of sGDH with its two cofactors, i.e. thepyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) and Ca2+, remains unknown. The objective here isto elucidate this mechanism by stopped-flow kinetics under single-turnoverconditions. The reconstitution of sGDH exhibited biphasic kinetics,characteristic of a square reaction scheme associated to two activationpathways. From a complete kinetic analysis, we were able to fully predict thereconstitution dynamic, but also to demonstrate that when PQQ first binds tothe apo-sGDH, it strongly impedes the access of Ca2+ to its enclosed positionat the bottom of the enzyme binding site, thereby greatly slowing down thereconstitution rate of sGDH. This slow calcium insertion may purposely beaccelerated by providing more flexibility to the Ca2+ binding loop through thespecific mutation of the calcium coordinating P248 proline residue, reducingthus the kinetic barrier to calcium ion insertion. The dynamic nature of thereconstitution process is also supported by the observation of a clear loopshift and a reorganization of the hydrogen bonding network and van der Waalsinteractions observed in both active sites of the apo and holo forms, astructural change modulation that was revealed from the refined X-ray structureof apo-sGDH (PDB:5MIN).
Lifting of Coulomb Blockade by Alternating Voltages in Small Josephson  Junctions with Electromagnetic Environment-Based Renormalization Effects	2019	The standard theory of Coulomb blockade [$P(E)$ theory] in ultra-small tunneljunctions has been formulated on the basis of phase-phase correlations byseveral authors. It was recently extended by several experimental andtheoretical works to account for novel features ranging from time-reversalasymmetry to electromagnetic environment-based renormalization effects. Despitethis progress, the theory remains elusive in the case of one dimensionalarrays. Here, we apply path integral formalism to derive the Cooper-paircurrent and the BCS quasi-particle current in single small Josephson junctionsand extend it to include long Josephson junction arrays as effective singlejunctions. We consider renormalization effects due to the electromagneticenvironment in the single junction as well as the array. As is the case in thesingle junction, we find that the spectrum of applied oscillatingelectromagnetic fields is renormalized by the same complex-valued factor$\Xi(\omega) = |\Xi(\omega)|\exp i\eta(\omega)$ that modifies the environmentalimpedance in the $P(E)$ function. This factor acts as a linear responsefunction for applied oscillating electromagnetic fields driving the quantumcircuit, leading to a mass gap in the thermal spectrum of the electromagneticfield. The mass gap can be modeled as a pair of exotic particle excitation withquantum statistics determined by the argument $\eta(\omega)$. In the case ofthe array, this pair corresponds to a bosonic charge soliton/anti-soliton pairinjected into the array by the electromagnetic field. Possible application ofthese results is in dynamical Coulomb blockade experiments where long arraysare used as electromagnetic power detectors.
Characterization of a novel automated microfiltration device for the  efficient isolation and analysis of circulating tumor cells from clinical  blood samples	2019	The detection and analysis of circulating tumor cells (CTCs) may enable abroad range of cancer-related applications, including the identification ofacquired drug resistance during treatments. However, the non-scalablefabrication, prolonged sample processing times, and the lack of automation,associated with most of the technologies developed to isolate these rare cells,have impeded their transition into the clinical practice. This work describes anovel membrane-based microfiltration device comprised of a fully automatedsample processing unit and a machine-vision-enabled imaging system that allowsthe efficient isolation and rapid analysis of CTCs from blood. The deviceperformance was characterized using four prostate cancer cell lines, includingPC-3, VCaP, DU-145, and LNCaP, obtaining high assay reproducibility and captureefficiencies greater than 93% after processing 7.5 mL blood samples fromhealthy donors, spiked with 100 cancer cells. Cancer cells remained viableafter filtration due to the minimal shear stress exerted over cells during theprocedure, while the identification of cancer cells by immunostaining was notaffected by the number of non-specific events captured on the membrane. We werealso able to identify the androgen receptor (AR) point mutation T878A from 7.5mL blood samples spiked with 50 LNCaP cells using RT-PCR and Sanger sequencing.Finally, CTCs were detected in 8 of 8 samples from patients diagnosed withmetastatic prostate cancer (mean $\pm$ SEM = 21 $\pm$ 2.957 CTCs/mL, median =21 CTC/mL), thereby validating the potential clinical utility of the device.
Massively parallel coherent laser ranging using soliton microcombs	2019	Coherent ranging, also known as frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW)laser based ranging (LIDAR) is currently developed for long range 3D distanceand velocimetry in autonomous driving. Its principle is based on mappingdistance to frequency, and to simultaneously measure the Doppler shift ofreflected light using frequency chirped signals, similar to Sonar or Radar.Yet, despite these advantages, coherent ranging exhibits lower acquisitionspeed and requires precisely chirped and highly-coherent laser sources,hindering their widespread use and impeding Parallelization, compared to moderntime-of-flight (TOF) ranging that use arrays of individual lasers. Here wedemonstrate a novel massively parallel coherent LIDAR scheme using a photonicchip-based microcomb. By fast chirping the pump laser in the soliton existencerange of a microcomb with amplitudes up to several GHz and sweep rate up to 10MHz, the soliton pulse stream acquires a rapid change in the underlying carrierwaveform, while retaining its pulse-to-pulse repetition rate. As a result, thechirp from a single narrow-linewidth pump laser is simultaneously transferredto all spectral comb teeth of the soliton at once, and allows for trueparallelism in FMCW LIDAR. We demonstrate this approach by generating 30distinct channels, demonstrating both parallel distance and velocitymeasurements at an equivalent rate of 3 Mpixel/s, with potential to improvesampling rates beyond 150 Mpixel/s and increase the image refresh rate of FMCWLIDAR up to two orders of magnitude without deterioration of eye safety. Thepresent approach, when combined with photonic phase arrays based onnanophotonic gratings, provides a technological basis for compact, massivelyparallel and ultra-high frame rate coherent LIDAR systems.
Deep Learning Aided Rational Design of Oxide Glasses	2019	Despite the extensive usage of oxide glasses for a few millennia, thecomposition-property relationships in these materials still remain poorlyunderstood. While empirical and physics-based models have been used to predictproperties, these remain limited to a few select compositions or a series ofglasses. Designing new glasses requires a priori knowledge of how thecomposition of a glass dictates its properties such as stiffness, density, orprocessability. Thus, accelerated design of glasses for targeted applicationsremain impeded due to the lack of universal composition-property models.Herein, using deep learning, we present a methodology for the rational designof oxide glasses. Exploiting a large dataset of glasses comprising of up to 37oxide components and more than 100,000 glass compositions, we develophigh-fidelity deep neural networks for the prediction of eight properties thatenable the design of glasses, namely, density, Young's modulus, shear modulus,hardness, glass transition temperature, thermal expansion coefficient, liquidustemperature, and refractive index. These models are by far the most extensivemodels developed as they cover the entire range of human-made glasscompositions. We demonstrate that the models developed here exhibit excellentpredictability, ensuring close agreement with experimental observations. Usingthese models, we develop a series of new design charts, termed as glassselection charts. These charts enable the rational design of functional glassesfor targeted applications by identifying unique compositions that satisfy twoor more constraints, on both compositions and properties, simultaneously. Thegeneric design approach presented herein could catalyze machine-learningassisted materials design and discovery for a large class of materialsincluding metals, ceramics, and proteins.
Nano-Thermoelectric Infrared Bolometer	2019	Infrared (IR) radiation detectors are used in numerous applications fromthermal imaging to spectroscopic gas sensing and in various fields ranging frommedicine to consumer products. Thermal radiation detectors, or bolometers,which transform the radiation induced temperature rise of an absorber toelectrical signal, provide a cost effective route for IR radiation detection.By combining nano-thermoelectrics and nanomembrane photonics, we demonstrate a30 x 30 $\mu$m$^{2}$ uncooled long-wavelength IR (LWIR) bolometer that iscompatible with CMOS fabrication and exhibits a very small thermal timeconstant of 67 $\mu$s. The 24.5 x 24.5 $\mu$m$^{2}$ absorber is a 30-nm-thickmetallic grid with low heat capacity, matched to vacuum impedance to guaranteehigh efficiency. The absorber is placed in an on-chip cavity optimized for theradiation in the spectral region around 10 $\mu$m. The metal grid is supportedsolely by the 80 nm thick nano-thermoelectric poly-crystalline silicon beams,which convert the absorbed radiation into voltage. These transducer-supportelements benefit from reduced phonon thermal conductivity, especially, due toenhanced surface scattering. The measured responsivity of the detector to LWIRradiation is 114 V/W, resulting in a specific detectivity of $1\cdot10^{7}$cmHz$^{1/2}$/W and $4\cdot10^{7}$ cmHz$^{1/2}$/W for contact and thermoelectricbeam resistance limited cases, respectively. We also show how the sensitivityof nano-thermoelectric bolometers can be improved to reach specific detectivitylevels above $1\cdot10^{9}$ cmHz$^{1/2}$/W without compromising the speed ofthe detector. To benchmark the performance of nano-thermoelectric bolometers webriefly review the state-of-the art LWIR detectors.
Turbulence Regulates the Rate of Planetesimal Formation via  Gravitational Collapse	2020	We study how the interaction between the streaming instability and intrinsicgas-phase turbulence affects planetesimal formation via gravitational collapse.Turbulence impedes the formation of dense particle clumps by acting as aneffective turbulent diffusivity, but it can also promote planetesimal formationby concentrating solids, for example in zonal flows. We quantify the effect ofturbulent diffusivity using numerical simulations of the streaming instabilityin small local domains, forced with velocity perturbations that establishapproximately Kolmogorov-like fluid turbulence. We find that planetesimalformation is strongly suppressed by turbulence once velocity fluctuationsexceed a threshold value of $\delta v^2 \simeq 10^{-3.5} - 10^{-3} c_s^2$.Turbulence whose strength is just below the threshold reduces the rate of solidmaterial being converted into bound clumps. The main effect of turbulence is tothicken the mid-plane solid layer. Our results are thus consistent withplanetesimal formation requiring a mid-plane solid-to-gas ratio $\epsilon\gtrsim 0.5$. We describe a method for tracking bound clumps in oursimulations, and use this method to construct a mass function of planetesimalsthat is measured for each clump shortly after its collapse. Adopting thisdefinition of the initial mass, instead of measuring masses at a fixed time,reduces planetesimal masses by a factor of three. For models in whichplanetesimals form, we show that the initial mass function is well-described bya broken power law, whose parameters are robust to the inclusion and strengthof imposed turbulence. Turbulence in protoplanetary disks is likely tosubstantially exceed the threshold for planetesimal formation at radii wheretemperatures $T \gtrsim 10^3 \ {\rm K}$ lead to thermal ionization. Fully insitu planetesimal and planet formation may therefore not be viable for theclosest-in exoplanets.
Cavity-enhanced sum-frequency generation of blue light with near-unity  conversion efficiency	2020	We report on double-resonant highly efficient sum-frequency generation in theblue range. The system consists of a 10-mm-long periodically poled KTP crystalplaced in a double-resonant bow-tie cavity and pumped by a fiber laser at1064.5 nm and a Ti:sapphire laser at 849.2 nm. An optical power of 375 mW at472.4 nm in a TEM$_{00}$ mode was generated with pump powers of 250 mW at 849.2nm and 200 mW at 1064.5 nm coupled into the double-resonant ring resonator with88$\%$ mode-matching. The resulting internal conversion efficiency of 95($\pm3$)$\%$ of the photons mode-matched to the cavity constitutes, to the best ofour knowledge, the highest overall achieved quantum conversion efficiency usingcontinuous-wave pumping. Very high conversion efficiency is rendered possibledue to very low intracavity loss on the level of 0.3$\%$ and high nonlinearconversion coefficient up to 0.045(0.015) W$^{-1}$. Power stabilitymeasurements performed over one hour show a stability of 0.8$\%$. The generatedblue light can be tuned within 5 nm around the center wavelength of 472.4 nm,limited by the phase-matching of our nonlinear crystal. This can however beexpanded to cover the entire blue spectrum (420 nm to 510 nm) by proper choiceof nonlinear crystals and pump lasers. Our experimental results agree very wellwith analytical and numerical simulations taking into account cavity impedancematching and depletion of the pump fields.
On the coexistence of the streaming instability and the vertical shear  instability in protoplanetary disks	2020	The streaming instability is a leading candidate mechanism to explain theformation of planetesimals. Yet, the role of this instability in the driving ofturbulence in protoplanetary disks, given its fundamental nature as a linearhydrodynamical instability, has so far not been investigated in detail. Westudy the turbulence that is induced by the streaming instability as well asits interaction with the vertical shear instability. For this purpose, weemploy the FLASH Code to conduct two-dimensional axisymmetric global disksimulations spanning radii from $1$ au to $100$ au, including the mutual dragbetween gas and dust as well as the radial and vertical stellar gravity. If thestreaming instability and the vertical shear instability start their growth atthe same time, we find the turbulence in the dust mid-plane layer to beprimarily driven by the streaming instability. It gives rise to vertical gasmotions with a Mach number of up to ${\sim}10^{-2}$. The dust scale height isset in a self-regulatory manner to about $1\%$ of the gas scale height. Incontrast, if the vertical shear instability is allowed to saturate before thedust is introduced into our simulations, then it continues to be the mainsource of the turbulence in the dust layer. The vertical shear instabilityinduces turbulence with a Mach number of ${\sim}10^{-1}$ and thus impedes dustsedimentation. Nonetheless, we find the vertical shear instability and thestreaming instability in combination to lead to radial dust concentration inlong-lived accumulations which are significantly denser than those formed bythe streaming instability alone. Thus, the vertical shear instability maypromote planetesimal formation by creating weak overdensities that act as seedsfor the streaming instability.
3D magneto-hydrodynamical simulations of stellar convective noise for  improved exoplanet detection. I. Case of regularly sampled radial velocity  observations	2020	Convective motions at the stellar surface generate a stochastic colored noisesource in the radial velocity (RV) data. This noise impedes the detection ofsmall exoplanets. Moreover, the unknown statistics (amplitude, distribution)related to this noise make it difficult to estimate the false alarm probability(FAP) for exoplanet detection tests. In this paper, we investigate thepossibility of using 3D magneto-hydrodynamical simulations (MHD) of stellarconvection to design detection methods that can provide both a reliableestimate of the FAP and a high detection power. We tested the realism of 3Dsimulations in producing solar RV by comparing them with the observed diskintegrated velocities taken by the GOLF instrument on board the SOHOspacecraft. We presented a new detection method based on periodogramsstandardized by these simulated time series, applying several detection teststo these standarized periodograms. The power spectral density of the 3Dsynthetic convective noise is consistent with solar RV observations for shortperiods. For regularly sampled observations, the analytic expressions of FAPderived for several statistical tests applied to the periodogram standardizedby 3D simulation noise are accurate. The adaptive tests considered in this work(Higher-Criticism, Berk-Jones), which are new in the exoplanet field, may offerbetter detection performance than classical tests (based on the highestperiodogram value) in the case of multi-planetary systems and planets witheccentric orbits. 3D MHD simulations are now mature enough to produce reliablesynthetic time series of the convective noise affecting RV data. These seriescan be used to access to the statistics of this noise and derive accurate FAPof tests that are a critical element in the detection of exoplanets down to thecm/s level.
Niobium disulphide (NbS$_2$)-based (heterogeneous) electrocatalysts for  an efficient hydrogen evolution reaction	2020	The design of efficient and cost-effective catalysts for the hydrogenevolution reaction (HER) is the key for molecular hydrogen (H2) production fromelectrochemical water splitting. Transition metal dichalcogenides (MX2), mostnotably group-6 MX2 (e.g., MoS2 and WS2), are appealing catalysts for the HERalternative to the best, but highly expensive, Pt-group elements. However,their HER activity is typically restricted to their edge sites rather thantheir basal plane. Furthermore, their semiconducting properties hinder anefficient electron transfer to the catalytic sites, which impedes a high rateof H2 production. Herein, we exploit liquid-phase exfoliation-produced metallic(1H, 2H and 3R) NbS2 nanoflakes, belonging to the class of metallic layeredgroup-5 MX2, to overcome the abovementioned limitations. Both chemicaltreatment with hygroscopic Li salt and electrochemical in operandoself-nanostructuring are exploited to improve the NbS2 nanoflake HER activity.The combination of NbS2 with other MX2, in our case MoSe2, also providesheterogeneous catalysts accelerating the HER kinetics of the individualcounterparts. The designed NbS2-based catalysts exhibit an overpotential at acathodic current of 10 mA cm-2 (n10) as low as 0.10 and 0.22 V vs. RHE in 0.5 MH2SO4 and 1 M KOH, respectively. In 0.5 M H2SO4, the HER activity of theNbS2-based catalysts is also superior to those of the Pt/C benchmark at currentdensities higher than 80 mA cm-2. Our work provides general guidelines for ascalable and cost-effective exploitation of NbS2, as well as the entire MX2portfolio, for attaining a viable H2 production through electrochemical routes.
Acoustic and Ultrasonographic Characterization of Neoprene, Beeswax, and  Carbomer-Gel to Mimic Soft-tissue for Ultrasound	2020	Materials with acoustic quantities similar to soft-tissue are essential astissue-mimicking materials for diagnostic ultrasound (US). Acoustic quantityconsists of the sound velocity (cus), acoustic impedance (AI) and attenuationcoefficient. In this work, the acoustic quantities of neoprene rubber, beeswax,and Carbomer-gel were determined. The cus and attenuation coefficient wereestimated using the pulse-echo technique. The AI was calculated from theproduct of density and cus. Results were compared with a benchmark based on theInternational Commission on Radiation Units and Measurements Report-61, TissueSubstitutes, Phantoms and Computational Modelling in Medical Ultrasound. Theacceptance criteria were 1.043 g/cm3 (density), 1561 m/s (cus), 1.63 MRayls(AI) and attenuation coefficients within 0.5-0.7 dB/cm/MHz. Computerizedtomography (CT) and US images of specimens were obtained to compare withrespective images of the human liver (a clinical soft-tissue), to evaluate thesimilarities in image contrast and echogenicity. Results of neoprene andbeeswax were unsatisfactory.However, the acoustic quantities of Carbomer-gel(density 1.03 g/cm3, cus 1567 m/s, and AI 1.61 MRayls, and attenuationcoefficient 0.6 dB/cm/MHz) were satisfactory within 2%. Carbomer-gel imagescould efficiently mimic the contrast and echogenicity of liver images. Theuncertainties in cus measurements were 0.36 %, 0.11 % and 0.28 % forneoprene-50, beeswax and C-gel respectively. The attenuation coefficients haduncertainties 4.2 %, 1.9 %, and 2.6 % in these samples. The results ofCarbomer-gel could resemble soft-tissue for US. It contains 95 % water, iseffortless to prepare, and can support in developing a low-cost phantom forperiodic performance evaluation of US scanners and contribute to patient care.
Tuning the Exo-Space Weather Radio for Stellar Coronal Mass Ejections	2020	"Coronal mass ejections (CMEs) on stars other than the Sun have proven verydifficult to detect. One promising pathway lies in the detection of type IIradio bursts. Their appearance and distinctive properties are associated withthe development of an outward propagating CME-driven shock. However, dedicatedradio searches have not been able to identify these transient features in otherstars. Large Alfv\'en speeds and the magnetic suppression of CMEs in activestars have been proposed to render stellar eruptions ""radio-quiet"". Employing3D magnetohydrodynamic simulations, we study here the distribution of thecoronal Alfv\'en speed, focusing on two cases representative of a youngSun-like star and a mid-activity M-dwarf (Proxima Centauri). These results arecompared with a standard solar simulation and used to characterize theshock-prone regions in the stellar corona and wind. Furthermore, using aflux-rope eruption model, we drive realistic CME events within our M-dwarfsimulation. We consider eruptions with different energies to probe the regimesof weak and partial CME magnetic confinement. While these CMEs are able togenerate shocks in the corona, those are pushed much farther out compared totheir solar counterparts. This drastically reduces the resulting type II radioburst frequencies down to the ionospheric cutoff, which impedes their detectionwith ground-based instrumentation."
Vibroacoustics of the piano soundboard: Reduced models, mobility  synthesis, and acoustical radiation regime	2013	In string musical instruments, the sound is radiated by the soundboard,subject to the strings excitation. This vibration of this rather complexstructure is described here with models which need only a small number ofparameters. Predictions of the models are compared with results of experimentsthat have been presented in Ege et al. [Vibroacoustics of the piano soundboard:(Non)linearity and modal properties in the low- and mid- frequency ranges,Journal of Sound and Vibration 332 (5) (2013) 1288-1305]. The apparent modaldensity of the soundboard of an upright piano in playing condition, as seenfrom various points of the structure, exhibits two well-separated regimes,below and above a frequency flim that is determined by the wood characteristicsand by the distance between ribs. Above flim, most modes appear to belocalised, presumably due to the irregularity of the spacing and height of theribs. The low-frequency regime is predicted by a model which consists ofcoupled sub-structures: the two ribbed areas split by the main bridge and, inmost cases, one or two so-called cut-off corners. In order to assess thedynamical properties of each of the subplates (considered here as homogeneousplates), we propose a derivation of the (low-frequency) modal density of anorthotropic homogeneous plate which accounts for the boundary conditions on anarbitrary geometry. Above flim, the soundboard, as seen from a given excitationpoint, is modelled as a set of three structural wave-guides, namely the threeinter-rib spacings surrounding the excitation point. Based on these low- andhigh-frequency models, computations of the point-mobility and of the apparentmodal densities seen at several excitation points match published measurements.The dispersion curve of the wave-guide model displays an acoustical radiationscheme which differs significantly from that of a thin homogeneous plate. Itappears that piano dimensioning is such that the subsonic regime of acousticalradiation extends over a much wider frequency range than it would be for ahomogeneous plate with the same low-frequency vibration. One problem in pianomanufacturing is examined in relationship with the possible radiation schemesinduced by the models.
3-D Magnetotelluric Investigations for geothermal exploration in  Martinique (Lesser Antilles). Characteristic Deep Resistivity Structures, and  Shallow Resistivity Distribution Matching Heliborne TEM Results	2015	Within the framework of a global French program oriented towards thedevelopment of renewable energies, Martinique Island (Lesser Antilles, France)has been extensively investigated (from 2012 to 2013) through an integratedmulti-methods approach, with the aim to define precisely the potentialgeothermal ressources, previously highlighted (Sanjuan et al., 2003). Amongstthe common investigation methods deployed, we carried out three magnetotelluric(MT) surveys located above three of the most promising geothermal fields ofMartinique, namely the Anses d'Arlet, the Montagne Pel{\'e}e and the Pitons duCarbet prospects. A total of about 100 MT stations were acquired showing singleor multi-dimensional behaviors and static shift effects. After processing datawith remote reference, 3-D MT inversions of the four complex elements of MTimpedance tensor without pre-static-shift correction, have been performed foreach sector, providing three 3-D resistivity models down to about 12 to 30 kmdepth. The sea coast effect has been taken into account in the 3-D inversionthrough generation of a 3-D resistivity model including the bathymetry aroundMartinique from the coast up to a distance of 200 km. The forward response ofthe model is used to calculate coast effect coefficients that are applied tothe calculated MT response during the 3-D inversion process for comparison withthe observed data. 3-D resistivity models of each sector, which are inheritedfrom different geological history, show 3-D resistivity distribution andspecificities related to its volcanological history. In particular, thegeothermal field related to the Montagne Pel{\'e}e strato-volcano, ischaracterized by a quasi ubiquitous conductive layer and quite monotonictypical resistivity distribution making interpretation difficult in terms ofgeothermal targets. At the opposite, the resistivity distribution of Ansed'Arlet area is radically different and geothermal target is thought to beconnected to a not so deep resistive intrusion elongated along a mainstructural axis. Beside these interesting deep structures, we demonstrate,after analyzing the results of the recent heliborne TEM survey covering thewhole Martinique, that surface resistivity distribution obtained from 3-Dinversion reproduce faithfully the resistivity distribution observed by TEM. Inspite of a very different sampling scale, this comparison illustrates theability of 3-D MT inversion to take into account and reproduce static shifteffects in the sub-surface resistivity distribution.
Search-based Tier Assignment for Optimising Offline Availability in  Multi-tier Web Applications	2017	Web programmers are often faced with several challenges in the developmentprocess of modern, rich internet applications. Technologies for the differenttiers of the application have to be selected: a server-side language, acombination of JavaScript, HTML and CSS for the client, and a databasetechnology. Meeting the expectations of contemporary web applications requireseven more effort from the developer: many state of the art libraries must bemastered and glued together. This leads to an impedance mismatch problembetween the different technologies and it is up to the programmer to align themmanually. Multi-tier or tierless programming is a web programming paradigm thatprovides one language for the different tiers of the web application, allowingthe programmer to focus on the actual program logic instead of the accidentalcomplexity that comes from combining several technologies. While currenttierless approaches therefore relieve the burden of having to combine differenttechnologies into one application, the distribution of the code is explicitlytied into the program. Certain distribution decisions have an impact oncrosscutting concerns such as information security or offline availability.Moreover, adapting the programs such that the application complies better withthese concerns often leads to code tangling, rendering the program moredifficult to understand and maintain. We introduce an approach to multi-tierprogramming where the tierless code is decoupled from the tier specification.The developer implements the web application in terms of slices and an externalspecification that assigns the slices to tiers. A recommender system completesthe picture for those slices that do not have a fixed placement and proposesslice refinements as well. This recommender system tries to optimise the tierspecification with respect to one or more crosscutting concerns. This is incontrast with current cutting edge solutions that hide distribution decisionsfrom the programmer. In this paper we show that slices, together with arecommender system, enable the developer to experiment with differentplacements of slices, until the distribution of the code satisfies theprogrammer's needs. We present a search-based recommender system that maximisesthe offline availability of a web application and a concrete implementation ofthese concepts in the tier-splitting tool Stip.js.
Concrete Syntax with Black Box Parsers	2019	Context: Meta programming consists for a large part of matching, analyzing,and transforming syntax trees. Many meta programming systems process abstractsyntax trees, but this requires intimate knowledge of the structure of the datatype describing the abstract syntax. As a result, meta programming iserror-prone, and meta programs are not resilient to evolution of the structureof such ASTs, requiring invasive, fault-prone change to these programs.Inquiry: Concrete syntax patterns alleviate this problem by allowing the metaprogrammer to match and create syntax trees using the actual syntax of theobject language. Systems supporting concrete syntax patterns, however, requirea concrete grammar of the object language in their own formalism. Creating suchgrammars is a costly and error-prone process, especially for realisticlanguages such as Java and C++. Approach: In this paper we present Concretely,a technique to extend meta programming systems with pluggable concrete syntaxpatterns, based on external, black box parsers. We illustrate Concretely in thecontext of Rascal, an open-source meta programming system and languageworkbench, and show how to reuse existing parsers for Java, JavaScript, andC++. Furthermore, we propose Tympanic, a DSL to declaratively map external ASTstructures to Rascal's internal data structures. Tympanic allows implementorsof Concretely to solve the impedance mismatch between object-oriented classhierarchies in Java and Rascal's algebraic data types. Both the algebraic datatype and AST marshalling code is automatically generated. Knowledge: Theconceptual architecture of Concretely and Tympanic supports the reuse ofpre-existing, external parsers, and their AST representation in metaprogramming systems that feature concrete syntax patterns for matching andconstructing syntax trees. As such this opens up concrete syntax patternmatching for a host of realistic languages for which writing a grammar fromscratch is time consuming and error-prone, but for which industry-strengthparsers exist in the wild. Grounding: We evaluate Concretely in terms of sourcelines of code (SLOC), relative to the size of the AST data type and marshallingcode. We show that for real programming languages such as C++ and Java, addingsupport for concrete syntax patterns takes an effort only in the order ofdozens of SLOC. Similarly, we evaluate Tympanic in terms of SLOC, showing anorder of magnitude of reduction in SLOC compared to manual implementation ofthe AST data types and marshalling code. Importance: Meta programming hasapplications in reverse engineering, reengineering, source code analysis,static analysis, software renovation, domain-specific language engineering, andmany others. Processing of syntax trees is central to all of these tasks.Concrete syntax patterns improve the practice of constructing meta programs.The combination of Concretely and Tympanic has the potential to make concretesyntax patterns available with very little effort, thereby improving andpromoting the application of meta programming in the general softwareengineering context.
