title	year	summary
Resistance and lifetime measurements of polymer solar cells using  glycerol doped poly[3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene]: poly[styrenesulfonate] hole  injection layers	2014	We have performed resistivity measurements ofpoly[3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene]: poly[styrenesulfonate] (PEDOT:PSS) films withvarying concentrations of glycerol. Resistivity is seen to decreaseexponentially from roughly 3 ohm-cm for pure PEDOT:PSS to 3x10-2 ohm-cm for 35mg/cm3 glycerol in PEDOT:PSS. Beyond this concentration adding glycerol doesnot significantly change resistivity. Bulk heterojunction polymer solar cellsusing these variously doped PEDOT:PSS layers as electrodes were studied tocharacterize the effects on efficiency and lifetime. Although our data displaysignificant scatter, lowering the resistance of the PEDOT:PSS layers results inlower device resistance and higher efficiency as expected. We also note thatthe lifetime of the devices tends to be reduced as the glycerol content ofPEDOT:PSS is increased. Many devices show an initial increase in efficiencyfollowed by a roughly exponential decay. This effect is explained based onconcomitant changes in the zero bias conductance of the samples under darkconditions.
Structural Alternation Correlated to the Conductivity Enhancement of  PEDOT:PSS Films by Secondary Doping	2019	"""Secondary doping"" inpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxy-thiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) is quiteeffective and a frequently used method for the conductivity enhancement. Thissimple approach, the addition of co-solvents to the PEDOT:PSS solution beforefilm fabrication, is an essential way to derive the high electrical performanceof PEDOT:PSS, but the mechanism still remains unclear. In this study, nanoscalestructural changes synchronized with the conductivity enhancement via secondarydoping in PEDOT:PSS films were investigated. During secondary doping withethylene glycol near the critical dopant concentration, non-crystalized PEDOTmolecules uncoupled from PSS chains and then underwent nano-crystallization.These structural changes might be the key driving force for conductivityenhancement via secondary doping."
Potential of PEDOT:PSS as a hole selective front contact for silicon  heterojunction solar cells	2017	We show that the highly conductive polymerpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) cansuccessfully be applied as a hole selective front contact in siliconheterojunction (SHJ) solar cells. In combination with a superior electronselective heterojunction back contact based on amorphous silicon (a-Si),mono-crystalline n-type silicon (c-Si) solar cells reach power conversionefficiencies up to 14.8% and high open-circuit voltages exceeding 660 mV. Sincein the PEDOT:PSS/c-Si/a-Si solar cell the inferior hybrid junction isdetermining the electrical device performance we are capable of assessing therecombination velocity v_I at the PEDOT:PSS/c-Si interface. An estimated v_I of~ 400 m/s demonstrates, that while PEDOT:PSS shows an excellent selectivity onn-type c-Si, the passivation quality provided by the formation of a nativeoxide at the c-Si surface restricts the performance of the hybrid junction.Furthermore, by comparing the measured external quantum efficiency with opticalsimulations, we quantify the losses due to parasitic absorption of PEDOT:PSSand reflection of the device layer stack. By pointing out ways to betterpassivate the hybrid interface and to increase the photocurrent we discuss thefull potential of PEDOT:PSS as a front contact in SHJ solar cells.
Laser patterned polymer/nanotube composite electrodes for nanowire  transistors on flexible substrates	2017	Fabrication techniques such as laser patterning offer excellent potential forlow cost and large area device fabrication. Conductive polymers can be used toreplace expensive metallic inks such as silver and gold nanoparticles forprinting technology. Electrical conductivity of the polymers can be improved byblending with carbon nanotubes. In this work, formulations of acidfunctionalised multiwall carbon nanotubes (f-MWCNT) and poly(ethylenedioxythiophene) [PEDOT]: polystyrene sulphonate [PSS] were processed,and thin films were prepared on plastic substrates. Conductivity of PEDOT: PSSincreased almost four orders of magnitude after adding f-MWCNT. Work functionof PEDOT:PSS/f-MWCNT films was ~ 0.5eV higher as compared to the work functionof pure PEDOT:PSS films, determined by Kelvin probe method. Field-effecttransistors source-drain electrodes were prepared on PET plastic substrateswhere PEDOT:PSS/f-MWCNT were patterned using laser ablation at 44mJ/pulseenergy to define 36 micron electrode separation. Silicon nanowires weredeposited using dielectrophoresis alignment technique to bridge thePEDOT:PSS/f-MWCNT laser patterned electrodes. Finally, top-gated nanowire fieldeffect transistors were completed by depositing parylene C as polymer gatedielectric and gold as the top-gate electrode. Transistor characteristicsshowed p-type conduction with excellent gate electrode coupling, with an ON/OFFratio of ~ 200. Thereby, we demonstrate the feasibility of using highworkfunction, printable PEDOT:PSS/MWCNT composite inks for patterningsource/drain electrodes for nanowire transistors on flexible substrates.
Exploring electrical conductivity within mesoscopic phases of  semi-conducting PEDOT:PSS films by Broadband Dielectric Spectroscopy	2013	Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) : poly(styrene sulfonic acid (PEDOT:PSS), anoptically transparent organic semi-conductor, constitutes a suspension ofconducting PEDOT:PSS grains, shelled by an insulating layer of PSS. While apercolation network enhances dc conductivity, structural and electricalinhomogenity hinters electric charge flow giving rise to capacitance effects.In the present work, two distinct relaxation mechanisms are detected byBroadband Dielectric Spectroscopy (BDS). Double polarization mechamisms arepredicted by bi-phase suspension dielectric theory. Within the frame ofinterfacial polarization, we propose a methodology to have an insight into thelocal conductivity of the interior of mesoscopic conducting phase.
Mesoscopic 2D Charge Transport in Commonplace PEDOT:PSS Films	2018	The correlation between the transport properties and structural degrees offreedom of conducting polymers is a central concern in both practicalapplications and scientific research. In this study, we demonstrated theexistence of mesoscopic two-dimensional (2D) coherent charge transport inpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) film byperforming structural investigations and high-field magnetoconductance (MC)measurements in magnetic fields of up to 15 T. We succeeded in observing markedpositive MCs reflecting 2D electronic states in a conventional drop-cast film.This low-dimensional feature is surprising, since PEDOT:PSS-a mixture of twodifferent polymers-seems to be significantly different from crystalline 2Dmaterials in the viewpoint of the structural inhomogeneity, especially inpopular drop-cast thick films. The results of the structural experimentssuggest that such 2D transport originates from the nanometer-scaleself-assembled laminated structure, which is composed of PEDOT nanocrystalswrapped by insulating sheets consisting of amorphous PSSs. These resultsindicate that charge transport in the PEDOT:PSS film can be divided into tworegimes: mesoscopic 2D coherent tunneling and macroscopic three-dimensionalhopping among 2D states. Our findings elucidate the hieratical nature of chargetransport in the PEDOT:PSS film, which could provide new insight into a recentengineering concern, i.e., the anisotropic conductance.
Bipolar resistive switching characteristics of  poly(3,4-ethylene-dioxythiophene): poly(styrenesulfonate) thin film	2009	We investigated the reversible resistive switching ofpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):polystyrenesulfonate (PEDOT:PSS) thin filmssandwiched between Al electrodes. The J-V sweep curve showed a hystereticbehavior which depends on the polarity of the applied voltage bias. From theanalysis of I-V curves, it was revealed that the charge transport through thejunction was governed by the bulk space-charge-limited conduction (SCLC) model.Using transmission electron microscopy (TEM) analysis, it was confirmed thatthe initial high resistance state of PEDOT:PSS films is related with thesegregation of PSS- chains induced by redox reaction between a Al metalelectrode and PEDOT:PSS film. Positive space charges present on the top regionof PEDOT:PSS films can be proposed as a possible trap centers of electrontrapping and detrapping process.
Elastic constants and thermodynamics properties of pristine PEDOT  revealed: A first-principles PBE/PBE PAW approach	2016	In this work, we report for the first time, detailed calculations of elasticand thermodynamic properties of organic poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene),PEDOT, in an undiluted state, using PBE and PBEsol-PAW pseudopotentials withinthe framework of Generalized Gradient Approximation Density Functional Theory.Contrary to Molecular Dynamic simulations, series of PBE and PBEsol-PAWcalculations in the current work revealed the most stable state of monoclinicstructured pristine PEDOT. We determined thirteen (13) independent elasticconstants with elastic compliance which enables us to establish other elasticproperties of pristine PEDOT; the Pugh's ratio and the Vicker's hardnesscalculations show small mismatches with PBE and PBEsol-PAW pseudopotentials.The Debye temperature TD is predicted both in the PBE and PBEsol-PAWcalculations while the specific heat capacity Cv(T) follows the Dulong-Petitcurve having no mismatch with Debye model at low temperature, with PBEpredicting a higher Debye sound velocity than PBEsol-PAW. As accuracy testsonly, we performed electronic structure calculations of PEDOT and compared withavailable data in the literature.
P-doped organic semiconductor: potential replacement for PEDOT:PSS in  organic photodetectors	2017	In this work we present an alternative to the use of PEDOT:PSS as holetransport and electron blocking layer in organic photodetectors processed bysolution. As PEDOT:PSS is known to be sensitive to humidity, oxygen and UV,removing this layer is essential for lifetime improvements. As a first step toachieving this goal, we need to find an alternative layer that fulfills thesame role in order to obtain a working diode with similar or betterperformance. As a replacement, a layer ofPoly((4,8-bis-(2-ethylhexyloxy)-benzo(1,2-b:4,5-b)dithiophene)-2,6-diyl-alt-(4-(2-ethylhexanoyl)-thieno(3,4-b]thiophene-)-2-6-diyl))(PBDTTT-c) p-doped with the dopanttris-(1-(trifluoroethanoyl)-2-(trifluoromethyl)ethane-1,2-dithiolene)(Mo(tfd-COCF3)3) is used. This p-doped layer effectively lowers the holeinjection barrier, and the low electron affinity of the polymer prevents theinjection of electrons in the active layer. We show similar device performanceunder light and the improvements of detection performance with the doped layerin comparison with PEDOT:PSS, leading to a detectivity of 1.9x1E13cm(Hz)1/2(W)-1, competitive with silicon diodes used in imaging applications.Moreover, contrary to PEDOT:PSS, no localization of the p-doped layer isneeded, leading to a diode active area defined by the patterned electrodes.
Influence of Perfluorinated Ionomer in PEDOT:PSS on the Rectification  and Degradation of Organic Photovoltaic Cells	2018	Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) is widelyused to build optoelectronic devices. However, as a hygroscopic water-basedacidic material, it brings major concerns for stability and degradation,resulting in an intense effort to replace it in organic photovoltaic (OPV)devices. In this work, we focus on the perfluorinated ionomer (PFI) polymericadditive to PEDOT:PSS. We demonstrate that it can reduce the relative amplitudeof OPV device burn-in, and find two distinct regimes of influence. At lowconcentrations there is a subtle effect on wetting and work function, forinstance, with a detrimental impact on the device characteristics, and above athreshold it changes the electronic and device properties. The abrupt thresholdin the conducting polymer occurs for PFI concentrations greater than or equalto the PSS concentration and was revealed by monitoring variations intransmission, topography, work-function, wettability and OPV devicecharacteristics. Below this PFI concentration threshold, the power conversionefficiency (PCE) of OPVs based onpoly(3-hexylthiophene-2,5-diyl):[6,6]-phenyl-C61-butyric acid methyl ester(P3HT:PCBM) are impaired largely by low fill-factors due to poor chargeextraction. Above the PFI concentration threshold, we recover the PCE before itis improved beyond the pristine PEDOT:PSS layer based OPV devices.Supplementary to the performance enhancement, PFI improves OPV device stabilityand lifetime. Our degradation study leads to the conclusion that PFI preventswater from diffusing to and from the hygrosopic PEDOT:PSS layer, which slowsdown the deterioration of the PEDOT:PSS layer and the aluminum electrode. Thesefindings reveal mechanisms and opportunities that should be taken intoconsideration when developing components to inhibit OPV degradation.
Spectroscopic studies on nanocomposites obtained by functionalization of  carbon nanotubes with conducting polymers	2009	Vibrational properties of composites based on single-walled carbon nanotubes(SWNTs) and conducting polymers of the type polyaniline (PANI) and poly(3,4-ethylene dioxythiophene) (PEDOT) are reported. For PANI-functionalizedSWNTs, the intensity increase of the Raman band at 178 cm-1, associated withradial breathing modes of SWNTs bundles, indicates an additional roping ofnanotubes due to the presence of the polymer. The interaction of this compositewith NH4OH solution involves an internal redox reaction between PANI and SWNTs.Thus, the polymer chain undergoes a transition from the semi-oxidized stateinto a reduced one. The functionalization of SWNT side walls with PEDOT isinvoked as well.
Photovoltaic performance of n-type SnS active layer in  ITO/PEDOT:PSS/SnS/Al structure	2014	The present paper discusses the influence of Tin Sulphide's grain size on theperformance of ITO/PEDOT:PSS/SnS/Al structured solar cells fabricated bythermal evaporation. The grain sizes were maintained in the range of 11-18~nmby controlling the thickness of SnS films. While the open circuit voltage (Voc)was found to be a constant for this structure, Parameters such as short circuitcurrent density (Jsc), series resistance (Rs), parallel resistance (Rp),ideality factor and the overall efficiency were found to be dependent on theSnS grain size and incident light intensity. The experimental work directlyreconfirms the theoretical results and ideas raised in literature by earlyresearchers.
Tuning effective hyperfine fields in PEDOT:PSS thin films by doping	2018	Using electrically detected magnetic resonance spectroscopy, we demonstratethat doping the conducting polymerpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrene-sulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) withethylene glycol allows for the control of effective local charge carrierhyperfine fields through motional narrowing. These results suggest that dopingof organic semiconductors could enable the tuning of macroscopic materialproperties dependent on hyperfine fields such as magnetoresistance, themagneto-optical responses and spin-diffusion.
The Interaction between PEDOT/PSS Gate and sub-$μ$ low-k Insulator for  All Printed OFETs	2004	In all printed OFETs with Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)/poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT/ PSS) gate, offset printing and gravure ofelectrically dense sub-$\mu$ insulators from polyvinylphenol (PVPh), polyvinylalcohol (PVOH) and poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA) as well as other organicand inorganic materials turned out to be problematic due to the most reactivepart of the gate material- the negative sulfonate ions from PSS. The presentpaper investigates the nature of the interaction between PSS and PVOH sub-$\mu$insulator explored by infrared spectroscopy and electrical methods. Someevidence is obtained that most probably OH- and not sulfonate ions areresponsible for creating channels, penetrated by PEDOT/PSS nano dispersionapplied as gate.
Correlation of morphology and charge transport in  poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-polystyrenesulfonic acid (PEDOT-PSS) films	2010	A wide variation in the charge transport properties ofpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT-PSS) films isattributed to the degree of phase-segregation of the excess insulatingpolyanion. The results indicate that the charge transport in PEDOT-PSS can varyfrom hopping to critical regime of the metal-insulator transition, depending onthe subtle details of morphology. The extent of electrical-connectivity infilms, directly obtained from a temperature dependent high-frequency transportstudy, indicates various limiting factors to the transport, which arecorrelated with the phase separation process. The low temperaturemagnetotransport further supports this morphology-dependent transport scenario.
Optical Spectra of p-Doped PEDOT Nano-Aggregates Provide Insight into  the Material Disorder	2017	Highly doped Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) or PEDOT is a conductivepolymer with a wide range of applications in energy conversion due to its easeof processing, optical properties and high conductivity. The latter isinfluenced by processing conditions, including formulation, annealing, andsolvent treatment of the polymer, which also affects the polymer arrangement.Here we show that the analysis of the optical spectra of PEDOT domains revealsthe nature and magnitude of the structural disorder in the material. Inparticular, the optical spectra of objects on individual domains can be usedfor the elucidation of the molecular disorder in oligomer arrangement which isa key factor affecting the conductivity.
The Effect of Hole Transporting Layer in Charge Accumulation Properties  of p-i-n Perovskite Solar Cells	2018	The charge accumulation properties of p-i-n perovskite solar cells wereinvestigated using three representative organic and inorganic hole transportinglayer (HTLs): a) Poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate)(PEDOT:PSS, Al 4083), b) copper-doped nickel oxide (Cu:NiOx) and c) Copperoxide (CuO). Through impedance spectroscopy analysis and modelling it is shownthat charge accumulation is decreased in the HTL/Perovskite interface, betweenPEDOT:PSS to Cu:NiOx and CuO respectively. This was indicative from thedecrease in double layer capacitance (Cdl) and interfacial charge accumulationcapacitance (Cel), resulting in an increase to recombination resistance (Rrec),thus decreased charge recombination events between the three HTLs. Through AFMmeasurements it is also shown that the reduced recombination events (followedby the increase in Rrec) is also a result of increased grain size between thethree HTLs, thus reduction in the grain boundaries area. These chargeaccumulation properties of the three HTLs have resulted in an increase to thepower conversion efficiency between the PEDOT:PSS (8.44%), Cu:NiOx (11.45%) andCuO (15.3%)-based devices.
Removing Leakage and Surface Recombination in Planar Perovskite Solar  Cells	2019	Thin-film solar cells suffer from various types of recombination, of whichleakage current usually dominates at lower voltages. Herein, we demonstratefirst a three-order reduction of the shunt loss mechanism in planarmethylammonium lead iodide perovskite solar cells by replacing the commonlyused hole transport layerpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) with abetter hole-selective polyarylamine. As a result, these cells exhibit superioroperation under reduced light conditions, which we demonstrate for the extremecase of moonlight irradiance, at which open-circuit voltages of 530 mV canstill be obtained. By the shunt removal we also observe the VOC to drop to zeroafter as long as 2 h after the light has been switched off. Second, at higherillumination intensities the dominant losses in the PEDOT:PSS-based cell areascribed to surface recombination and are also proven to be substantiallyminimized by instead employing the polyarylamine. We attribute the reducedshunt and surface recombination to the far better suited semiconductorcharacter of the polyarylamine, compared to that of PEDOT:PSS, efficientlyblocking electrons from recombining at this electrode.
From absorption spectra to charge transfer in PEDOT nanoaggregates with  machine learning	2019	Fast and inexpensive characterization of materials properties is a keyelement to discover novel functional materials. In this work, we suggest anapproach employing three classes of Bayesian machine learning (ML) models tocorrelate electronic absorption spectra of nanoaggregates with the strength ofintermolecular electronic couplings in organic conducting and semiconductingmaterials. As a specific model system, we consider PEDOT:PSS, a cornerstonematerial for organic electronic applications, and so analyze the couplingsbetween charged dimers of closely packed PEDOT oligomers that are at the heartof the material's unrivaled conductivity. We demonstrate that ML algorithms canidentify correlations between the coupling strengths and the electronicabsorption spectra. We also show that ML models can be trained to betransferable across a broad range of spectral resolutions, and that theelectronic couplings can be predicted from the simulated spectra with an 88 %accuracy when ML models are used as classifiers. Although the ML modelsemployed in this study were trained on data generated by a multi-scalecomputational workflow, they were able to leverage leverage experimental data.
Modified conformation and physical properties in conducting polymers due  to varying conjugation and solvent interactions	2010	Small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) studies inpoly[2-methoxy-5-(2'-ethyl-hexyloxy)-1,4-phenylene vinylene] (MEH-PPV) withvarying conjugation, and polyethylene dioxythiophene complexed with polystyrenesulfonate (PEDOT-PSS) in different solvents have shown the important role ofpi-electron conjugation and solvent-chain interactions in controlling the chainconformation and assembly. In MEH-PPV, by increasing the extent of conjugationfrom 30 to 100 %, the persistence length (l_p) increases from 20 to 66Angstrom. Moreover, a pronounced second peak in the pair distribution functionhas been observed in fully conjugated chain, at larger length scales. Thisfeature indicates that the chain segments tend to self-assemble as theconjugation along the chain increases. In case of PEDOT-PSS, the chains undergosolvent induced expansion and enhanced chain organization. The clusters formedby chains are better correlated in dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) solution thanwater, as observed in the scattered intensity profiles. The values of radius ofgyration and the exponent (water: 2.6, DMSO: 2.31) of power-law decay, obtainedfrom the unified scattering function (Beaucage) analysis, give evidence forchain expansion from compact (in water) to extended coil in DMSO solutions,which is consistent with the Kratky plot analysis. The mechanism of thistransition and the increase in dc conductivity of PEDOT-PSS in DMSO solutionare discussed. The onset frequency for the increase in ac conduction as well asits temperature dependence probes the extent of connectivity in PEDOT-PSSsystem. The enhanced charge transport in PEDOT-PSS in DMSO is attributed to theextended chain conformation as observed in SAXS results.
Effects of Hole-Transport Layer Homogeneity in Organic Solar Cells, A  Multi-Length Scale Study	2019	Irreproducibility is a serious issue in thin film organic photovoltaic (OPV)devices, as smallest local inhomogeneities can change the entire behaviour ofidentically built devices without showing obvious failure. Inhomogeneities canoccur at various steps of device preparation and appear in all layers withdifferent length scales and impact. The hole-transport interlayer (HTL) in OPVdevices blocks unwanted electron diffusion to the anode and corrects energeticmismatch between oxide electrode and organic semiconductor. Most commonly usedis commercial ink based on poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT PSS) colloidal particles. However, exactly theseare suspected to cause microscopic inhomogeneities, causing knownirreproducibility of device characteristics. Considering PEDOT:PSSacidity-caused electrode corrosion, it is questionable how much impact colloidshave on device homogeneity. In this report, we give proof that a colloidal HTLdoes not necessarily cause device inhomogeneity and decreased efficiency, bycomparing OPV devices with different HTLs, namely from commercial PEDOT:PSS inkand from MoO3, obtained from two liquid precursors, leading to quasi-continuousor colloidal layers. With a combination of X-ray diffraction, atomic force andKelvin probe microscopy, photoelectron and ambient air photoemissionspectroscopy, we discuss the layers properties from nano- to macroscale anddemonstrate their impact upon implementation into OPV devices, viaspatially-resolved characterization.
Influence of Environmentally Affected Hole Transport Layers on Spatial  Homogeneity and Charge Transport Dynamics of Organic Solar Cells	2019	After the efficiency of organic photovoltaic (OPV) cells achieved more than10%, the control of stability and degradation mechanisms of solar cells becamea prominent task. The improvement of device efficiency due to incorporation ofa hole-transport layer (HTL) in bulk-heterojunction solar cells has beenextensively reported. However, the most widely used HTL material, PEDOT:PSS isfrequently suspected to be the dominating source for devices instability underenvironmental conditions. Thereby effects like photooxidation and electrodecorrosion are often reported to shorten device lifetime. However, often inenvironmental device studies, the source of degradation, whether being from theHTL, the active layer or the metal cathode are rather difficult to distinguish,because the external diffusion of oxygen and water affects all components. Inthis study, different HTLs, namely prepared from traditional PEDOT:PSS and alsotwo types of molybdenum trioxide (MoO3), are exposed to different environmentssuch as oxygen, light or humidity, prior to device finalization under inertconditions. This allows investigating any effects within the HTL and fromreactions at its interface to the indium-tin-oxide electrode or the activelayer. The surface and bulk chemistry of the exposed HTL has been monitored anddiscussed in context to the observed device physics, dynamic charge transportand spatial performance homogeneity of the according OPV device. The resultsshow that merely humidity-exposure of the HTL leads to decreased deviceperformance for PEDOT:PSS, but also for one type of the tested MoO3. The lossesare related to the amount of absorbed water in the HTL, inducing loss of activearea in terms of interfacial contact. The device with PEDOT:PSS HTL after humidair exposure showed seriously decreased photocurrent by micro-delamination ofswelling/shrinkage of the hygroscopic layer.
Dielectrophoretically Assembled Polymer Nanowires for Gas Sensing	2007	"We measured the electronic properties and gas sensing response of nanowirescontaining segments of poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)/poly(styrenesulfonate)(PEDOT/PSS) that were synthesized using anodic aluminum oxide (AAO) membranes.The nanowires have a ""striped"" structure of gold-PEDOT/PSS-gold and aretypically 8 um long (1 um-6 um-1 um for each section, respectively) and 220 nmin diameter. Dielectrophoretic assembly was used to position single nanowireson pre-fabricated gold electrodes. A polymer conductivity of 11.5 +/- 0.7 S/cmand a contact resistance of 27.6 +/- 4 kOhm were inferred from resistancemeasurements of nanowires of varying length and diameter. When used as gassensors, the wires showed a resistance change of 10.5%, 9%, and 4% at thesaturation vapor pressure of acetone, methanol and ethanol, respectively.Sensor response and recovery were rapid (seconds) with excellentreproducibility in time and across devices. ""Striped"" template-grown nanowiresare thus intriguing candidates for use in electronic nose vapor sensingsystems."
Gas Sensing Properties of Single Conducting Polymer Nanowires and the  Effect of Temperature	2008	"We measured the electronic properties and gas sensing responses oftemplate-grown poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)/poly(styrenesulfonate)(PEDOT/PSS)-based nanowires. The nanowires have a ""striped"" structure(gold-PEDOT/PSS-gold), typically 8um long (1um-6um-1um for each section,respectively) and 220 nm in diameter. Single-nanowire devices were contacted bypre-fabricated gold electrodes using dielectrophoretic assembly. A polymerconductivity of 11.5 +/- 0.7 S/cm and a contact resistance of 27.6 +/- 4 kOhmwere inferred from measurements of nanowires of varying length and diameter.The nanowire sensors detect a variety of odors, with rapid response andrecovery (seconds). The response (R-R0)/R0 varies as a power law with analyteconcentration."
Correlated conformation and charge transport in multiwall carbon  nanotube - conducting polymer nanocomposites	2011	The strikingly different charge transport behaviors in nanocomposites ofmultiwall carbon nanotubes (MWNTs) and conducting polymer polyethylenedioxythiophene - polystyrene sulfonic acid (PEDOT-PSS) at low temperatures areexplained by probing their conformational properties using small angle X-rayscattering (SAXS). The SAXS studies indicate assembly of elongated PEDOT-PSSglobules on the walls of nanotubes, coating them partially thereby limiting theinteraction between the nanotubes in the polymer matrix. This results in acharge transport governed mainly by small polarons in the conducting polymerdespite the presence of metallic MWNTs. At T > 4 K, hopping of the chargecarriers following 1D-VRH is evident which also gives rise to a positivemagnetoresistance (MR) with an enhanced localization length (~ 5 nm) due to thepresence of MWNTs. However, at T < 4 K, the observation of an unconventionalpositive temperature coefficient of resistivity (TCR) is attributed to smallpolaron tunnelling. The exceptionally large negative MR observed in thistemperature regime is conjectured to be due to the presence of quasi-1D MWNTsthat can aid in lowering the tunnelling barrier across the nanotube - polymerboundary resulting in large delocalization.
Carrier Lifetime Enhancement in a Tellurium Nanowire/PEDOT:PSS  Nanocomposite by Sulfur Passivation	2014	We report static and time-resolved terahertz (THz) conductivity measurementsof a high- performance thermoelectric material containing tellurium nanowiresin a PEDOT:PSS matrix. Composites were made with and without sulfur passivationof the nanowires surfaces. The material with sulfur linkers (TeNW/PD-S) is lessconductive but has a longer carrier lifetime than the formulation without(TeNW/PD). We find real conductivities at f = 1THz of {\sigma}(TeNW/PD) = 160S/cm and {\sigma}(TeNW/PD-S) = 5.1 S/cm. These values are much larger than thecorresponding DC conductivities, suggesting DC conductivity is limited bystructural defects. The free-carrier lifetime in the nanowires is controlled byrecombination and trapping at the nanowire surfaces. We find surfacerecombination velocities in bare tellurium nanowires (22m/s) and TeNW/PD-S(40m/s) that are comparable to evaporated tellurium thin films. The surfacerecombination velocity in TeNW/PD (509m/s) is much larger, indicating a higherinterface trap density.
Direct Observation of Sub-picosecond Hole Injection from Lead Halide  Perovskite by Differential Transient Transmission Spectroscopy	2017	Efficient charge separation at the interfaces between the perovskite and withthe carrier transport layers is crucial for perovskite solar cells to achievehigh power conversion efficiency. We systematically investigate the holeinjection dynamics from MAPbI$_3$ perovskite to three typical hole transportmaterials (HTMs) PEDOT:PSS, PTAA and NiO$_x$ by means of pump-probetransmission measurements. We photoexcite only near the MAPbI$_3$/HTM interfaceor near the back surface, and measure the differential transient transmissionbetween the two excitation configurations to extract the carrier dynamicsdirectly related to the hole injection. The differential transmission signalsdirectly monitor the hole injections to PTAA and PEDOT:PSS being completewithin 1 and 2 ps, respectively, and that to NiO$_x$ exhibiting an additionalslow process of 40 ps time scale. The obtained injection dynamics are discussedin comparison with the device performance of the solar cells containing thesame MAPbI$_3$/HTM interfaces.
Polymer morphology and interfacial charge transfer dominate over  energy-dependent scattering in organic-inorganic thermoelectrics	2018	Hybrid (organic-inorganic) materials have emerged as a promising class ofthermoelectric materials, achieving power factors exceeding those of eitherconstituent. The mechanism of this enhancement is still under debate, andpinpointing the underlying physics has proven difficult. In this work, wecombine transport measurements with theoretical simulations and firstprinciples calculations on a prototypical PEDOT:PSS-Te(Cux) nanowire hybridmaterial system to understand the effect of templating and chargeredistribution on the thermoelectric performance. Further, we apply therecently developed Kang-Snyder charge transport model to show that scatteringof holes in the hybrid system, defined by the energy-dependent scatteringparameter, remains the same as in the host polymer matrix; performance isinstead dictated by polymer morphology manifested in an energy-independenttransport coefficient. We build upon this language to explain thermoelectricbehavior in a variety of PEDOT and P3HT based hybrids acting as a guide forfuture work in multiphase materials.
Efficient indoor p-i-n hybrid perovskite solar cells using low  temperature solution processed NiO as hole extraction layers	2019	Hybrid perovskites have received tremendous attention due to theirexceptional photovoltaic and optoelectronic properties. Among the two widelyused perovskite solar cell device architectures of n-ip and p-i-n, the latteris interesting in terms of its simplicity of fabrication and lower energyinput. However this structure mostly uses PEDOT:PSS as a hole transportinglayer which can accelerate the perovskite solar cell degradation. Hence thedevelopment of stable, inorganic hole extraction layers (HEL), withoutcompromising the simplicity of device fabrication is crucial in thisfast-growing photovoltaic field. Here we demonstrate a low temperature (~100oC) solution - processed and ultrathin (~ 6 nm) NiO nanoparticle thin films asan efficient HEL for CH3NH3PbI3 based perovskite solar cells. We measure apower conversion efficiency (PCE) of 13.3 % on rigid glass substrates and 8.5 %on flexible substrates. A comparison with PEDOT:PSS based MAPbI3 solar cells(PCE ~ 7.9 %) shows that NiO based solar cells have higher short circuitcurrent density and improved open circuit voltage (1.03V). Apart from thephotovoltaic performance under 1 Sun, the efficient hole extraction property ofNiO is demonstrated for indoor lighting as well with a PCE of 23.0 % for NiObased CH3NH3PbI2.9Cl0.1 p-i-n solar cells under compact fluorescent lighting.Compared to the perovskite solar cells fabricated on PEDOT:PSS HEL, bettershelf-life stability is observed for perovskite solar cells fabricated on NiOHEL. Detailed microstructural and photophysical investigations imply uniformmorphology, lower recombination losses, and improved charge transfer propertiesfor CH3NH3PbI3 grown on NiO HEL.
Thermoelectric properties of doped small molecule organic semiconductor  films	2013	Doped films of organic small molecules are investigated with respect to theirthermoelectric properties. A variety of hosts and dopants, for both n andp-doping, are compared. C$_{60}$ n-doped by Cr$_2$(hpp)$_4$ or o-MeO-DMBI-I arefound to be the most promising material systems with a maximum of ZT$_\text{M}$= 0.069 at T$_\text{M}$ = 40{\deg}C, assuming a doping-independent thermalconductivity due to phonon-based heat transport. This value is 16% of thecurrent record reported for optimized devices employing the doped polymerPEDOT:PSS.
Laser Induced Forward Transfer of conducting polymers	2012	We report on laser printing of conducting polymers directly from the solidphase. Laser Induced Forward Transfer is employed to deposit P3HT:PCBM films onglass/ITO/PEDOT:PSS substrates. P3HT:PCBM is widely used as the active materialin organic solar cells. Polyaniline films, which are also printed by LaserInduced Forward Transfer, find many applications in the field of biotechnology.Laser printing parameters are optimized and results are presented. To applysolid-phase laser printing, P3HT:PCBM films are spun cast on quartz substrates,while aniline is in-situ polymerized on quartz substrates.
Fungal photosensors	2020	The rapidly developing research field of organic analogue sensors aims toreplace traditional semiconductors with naturally occurring materials.Photosensors, or photodetectors, change their electrical properties in responseto the light levels they are exposed to. Organic photosensors can befunctionalised to respond to specific wavelengths, from ultra-violet to redlight. Performing cyclic voltammetry on fungal mycelium and fruiting bodiesunder different lighting conditions shows no appreciable response to changes inlighting condition. However, functionalising the specimen using PEDOT:PSSyields in a photosensor that produces large, instantaneous current spikes whenthe light conditions change. Future works would look at interfacing thisorganic photosensor with an appropriate digital back-end for interpreting andprocessing the response.
Frequency-Dependent Photothermal Measurement of Transverse Thermal  Diffusivity of Organic Semiconductors	2015	We have used a photothermal technique, in which chopped light heats the frontsurface of a small ( ~ 1 mm2) sample and the chopping frequency dependence ofthermal radiation from the back surface is measured with a liquid nitrogencooled infrared detector. In our system, the sample is placed directly in frontof the detector within its dewar. Because the detector is also sensitive tosome of the incident light which leaks around or through the sample,measurements are made for the detector signal that is in quadrature with thechopped light. Results are presented for layered crystals of semiconducting6,13-bis(triisopropylsilylethynyl) pentacene (TIPS-pn) and for papers ofcellulose nanofibrils coated with semiconductingpoly(3,4-ethylene-dioxythiophene):poly(styrene-sulfonate) (NFC-PEDOT). ForNFC-PEDOT, we have found that the transverse diffusivity, smaller than thein-plane value, varies inversely with thickness, suggesting that texturing ofthe papers varies with thickness. For TIPS-pn, we have found that theinterlayer diffusivity is an order of magnitude larger than the in-plane value,consistent with previous estimates, suggesting that low-frequency opticalphonons, presumably associated with librations in the TIPS side-groups, carrymost of the heat.
Concentric-electrode organic electrochemical transistors: case study for  selective hydrazine sensing	2017	We report on hydrazine-sensing organic electrochemical transistors (OECTs)with a design consisting in concentric annular electrodes. The designengineering of these OECTs was motivated by the great potential of using OECTsensing arrays in fields such as bioelectronics. In this work, PEDOT:PSS-basedOECTs have been studied as aqueous sensors, specifically sensitive to thelethal hydrazine molecule. These amperometric sensors have many relevantfeatures for the development of hydrazine sensors, such as a sensitivity downto 10-5 M of hydrazine in water, an order of magnitude higher selectivity forhydrazine than for 9 other water soluble common analytes, the capability torecover entirely its base signal after water flushing and a very low voltageoperation. The specificity for hydrazine to be sensed by our OECTs is caused byits catalytic oxidation at the gate electrode and enables increasing the outputcurrent modulation of the devices. This has permitted the device-geometry studyof the whole series of 80 micrometric OECT devices with sub-20-nm PEDOT:PSSlayers, channel lengths down to 1um and a specific device geometry of coplanarand concentric electrodes. The numerous geometries unravel new aspects of theOECT mechanisms governing the electrochemical sensing behaviours of the device,more particularly the effect of the contacts which are inherent at themicro-scale. By lowering the device cross-talking, micrometric gate-integratedradial OECTs shall contribute to the diminishing of the readout invasivenessand therefore promotes further the development of OECT biosensors.
A hybrid P3HT-Graphene interface for efficient photostimulation of  neurons	2020	Graphene conductive properties have been long exploited in the field oforganic photovoltaics and optoelectronics by the scientific communityworldwide. We engineered and characterized a hybrid biointerface in whichgraphene is coupled with photosensitive polymers, and tested its ability toelicit lighttriggered neural activity modulation in primary neurons and blindretina explants. We designed such a graphene-based device by modifying aphotoactive P3HT-based retinal interface, previously reported to rescue lightsensitivity in blind rodents, with a CVD graphene layer replacing theconductive PEDOT:PSS layer to enhance charge separation. The new graphene-baseddevice was characterized for its electrochemical features and for the abilityto photostimulate primary neurons and blind retina explants, while preservingbiocompatibility. Light-triggered responses, recorded by patch-clamp in vitroor MEA ex vivo, show a stronger light-transduction efficiency when the neuronsare interfaced with the graphene-based device with respect to thePEDOT:PSS-based one. The possibility to ameliorate flexible photo-stimulatingdevices via the insertion of graphene, paves the way for potential biomedicalapplications of graphenebased neuronal interfaces in the context of retinalimplants.
Enhanced Organic Solar Cells Efficiency through Additive Electronic and  Electro-optic Effects Resulting from Doping a Polymer Hole Transport Layer	2015	We demonstrate that blending fluorinated molecules in PEDOT:PSS holetransport layers (HTL) induces charge transfers which impact on both chargeextraction and photogeneration within organic photovoltaic (OPV) devices. OPVsfabricated with modified HTL and two photoactive polymer blends ledsystematically to power conversion efficiencies (PCE) increases, withPTB7:PC70BM blend exhibiting PCE of ~ 8.3 %, i.e. ~ 15 % increase compared topristine HTL devices. A reduced device-to-device characteristics variations wasalso noticed when fluorinated additives were used to modify the PEDOT:PSS.Shading lights onto the effect of HTL fluorination, we show that the morphologyof the polymer:PCBM blends remains surprisingly unaffected by the fluorinatedHTL surface energy but that, instead, the OPVs are impacted not only by the HTLelectronic properties (work function, dipole layer, open circuit voltage,charge transfer dynamic) but also by alteration of the complex refractiveindices (photogeneration, short circuit current density, external quantumefficiencies, electro-optic modelling). Both mechanisms find their origin influorination induced charge transfers. This work points towards fluorination asa promising strategy toward combining both external quantum efficiencymodulation and power conversion efficiency enhancement in OPVs. Chargetransfers could also be used more broadly to tune the optical constants andelectric field distribution, as well as to reduce interfacial chargerecombinations within OPVs.
Effect of dye doping on the charge carrier balance in PPV light emitting  diodes as measured by admittance spectroscopy	2003	Dye doping is a promising way to increase the spectral purity of polymerlight-emitting diodes (LEDs). Here we analyze the frequency and fielddependence of the complex admittance of Al-Ba-PPV-PEDOT-ITO LEDs with andwithout dye. We compare the charge carrier mobilities of pristine and dye-dopeddouble-carrier and hole-only (Au replacing Al-Ba) devices. Dye doping is shownto significantly influence the electron mobilities while the hole mobilitiesare left unchanged and thereby changing the carrier balance in a double carrierdevice towards that of a hole only device. The minimum in the LED capacitanceas function of voltage appears to be an excellent probe for the electrontrapping phenomenon underlying the reduction of the mobility.
Aluminum oxide n Si field effect inversion layer solar cells with  organic top contact	2012	We demonstrate a novel type of solar cell, one that uses fixed negativecharges, formed at the interface of n-Si with Al2O3, to generate stronginversion at the Si surface by electrostatic repulsion. Built-in voltages of upto 755 mV are found at this interface. To be able to harness this largebuilt-in voltage, we demonstrate a new photovoltaic device concept, where thephotocurrent, generated in this inversion layer, is extracted via an inversionlayer induced by a high work function PEDOT:PSS top contact, deposited on topof a passivating and dipole-inducing molecular monolayer. Results of the effectof the molecular monolayer on device performance yield open-circuit voltages ofup to 550 mV for moderately doped Si, demonstrating the effectiveness of thiscontact structure in removing the Fermi level pinning that has hindered pastefforts in developing this type of solar cell with n-type Si.
Device-scale perpendicular alignment of colloidal nanorods	2014	The self-assembly of nanocrystals enables new classes of materials whoseproperties are controlled by the periodicities of the assembly, as well as bythe size, shape and composition of the nanocrystals. While self-assembly ofspherical nanoparticles has advanced significantly in the last decade, assemblyof rod-shaped nanocrystals has seen limited progress due to the requirement oforientational order. Here, the parameters critically relevant to self-assemblyare systematically quantified using a combination of diffraction andtheoretical modeling; these highlight the importance of kinetics onorientational order. Through drying-mediated self-assembly we achieveunprecedented control over orientational order (up to 96% vertically orientedrods on 1cm2 areas) on a wide range of substrates (ITO, PEDOT:PSS, Si3N4). Thisopens new avenues for nanocrystal-based devices competitive with thin filmdevices, as problems of granularity can be tackled through crystallographicorientational control over macroscopic areas.
Zinc Oxide Modified with Benzylphosphonic Acids as Transparent  Electrodes in Regular and Inverted Organic Solar Cell Structures	2015	An approach is presented to modify the WF of solution-processed sol-gelderived ZnOover an exceptionally wide range of more than 2.3 eV. This approachrelies on the formation of dense and homogeneous self-assembled monolayersbased on phosphonic acids with different dipole moments. This allows us toapply ZnO as charge selective bottom electrodes in either regular or invertedsolar cell structures, using P3HT:PCBM as the active layer. These devicescompete with or even exceed the performance of the reference cell onITO/PEDOT:PSS. Our finding challenges the current view that bottom electrodesin inverted solar cells need to be electron-blocking for good deviceperformance.
Persistence of slow dynamics in Tb(OETAP)$_2$ single molecule magnets  embedded in conducting polymers	2016	The spin dynamics of Tb(OETAP)$_2$ single ion magnets was investigated bymeans of muon spin resonance ($\mu$SR) both in the bulk material as well aswhen the system is embedded into PEDOT:PSS polymer conductor. Thecharacteristic spin fluctuation time is characterized by a high temperatureactivated trend, with an energy barrier around 320 K, and by a low temperaturetunneling regime. When the single ion magnet is embedded into the polymer theenergy barrier only slightly decreases and the fluctuation time remains of thesame order of magnitude even at low temperature. This finding shows that thesesingle molecule magnets preserve their characteristics which, if combined withthose of the conducting polymer, result in a hybrid material of potentialinterest for organic spintronics.
Large thermoelectric figure of merit in graphene layered devices at low  temperature	2017	Nanostructured materials have emerged as an alternative to enhance the figureof merit (ZT) of thermoelectric (TE) devices. Graphene exhibits a highelectrical conductivity (in-plane) that is necessary for a high ZT; however,this effect is countered by its impressive thermal conductivity. In this workTE layered devices composed of electrochemically exfoliated graphene (EEG) anda phonon blocking material such as poly (3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)polystyrenesulfonate (PEDOT:PSS), polyaniline (PANI) and gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) at theinterface were prepared. The figure of merit, ZT, of each device was measuredin the cross-plane direction using the Transient Harman Method (THM) andcomplemented with AFM-based measurements. The results show remarkable high ZTvalues (0.81 < ZT < 2.45) that are directly related with the topography,surface potential, capacitance gradient and resistance of the devices at thenanoscale.
Impact of Unintentional Oxygen Doping on Organic Photodetectors	2017	Oxygen plasma is a widely used treatment to change the surface properties oforganic layers. This treatment is particularly interesting to enable thedeposition from solution ofpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene)-poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) on top ofthe active layer of organic solar cells or photodetectors. However, oxygen isknown to be detrimental to organic devices, as the active layer is verysensitive to oxygen and photo-oxidation. In this study, we aim to determine theimpact of oxygen plasma surface treatment on the performance of organicphotodetectors (OPD). We show a significant reduction of the sensitivity aswell as a change in the shape of the external quantum efficiency (EQE) of thedevice. Using hole density and conductivity measurements, we demonstrate thep-doping of the active layer induced by oxygen plasma. Admittance spectroscopyshows the formation of trap states approximately 350 meV above the highestoccupied molecular orbital of the active organic semiconductor layer. Numericalsimulations are carried out to understand the impact of p-doping and traps onthe electrical characteristics and performance of the OPDs.
Sputtered Gold Nanoparticles Enhanced Quantum Dot Light-emitting Diodes	2018	Surface plasmonic effects of metallic particles have been known to be aneffective method to improve the performance light emitting didoes. In thiswork, we reported the sputtered Au nanoparticles enhanced electroluminescencein inverted quantum dot light emitting diodes (ITO/AuNPs/ZnMgO/QDs/TFB/PEDOT:PSS/Al). By combining the time-resolvedphotoluminescence, transient electroluminescence and ultraviolet photoelectronspectrometer measurements, the enhancement can be explained to the internalfield enhanced exciton coupling to surface plasmons and the increased electroninjection rate with Au nanoparticles incorporation. Phenomenological numericalcalculations indicated that the electron mobility of the electron transportlayer was increased from 1.39x10-5 to 1.91x10-5 cm2/V.s for Au NPs modifieddevices. As a result, the maximum device luminescence is enhanced by 1.41 foldsfrom 14,600 to 20,720 cd/cm2 and maximum current efficiency is improved by 1.29folds from 3.12 to 4.02 cd/A.
VOCs monitoring using microwave capacitive resonator and conductive  polymer -- MWCNTs nanocomposites for environmental applications	2018	This paper presents a chemical microwave flexible sensor based on a resonantelectromagnetic transducer in micro-strip technology with poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) polystyrene sulfonate -- multi wall carbonnanotubes (PEDOT:PSS-MWCNTs) as sensitive material for Volatile OrganicCompounds (VOCs) detection. The results show a high sensitivity to ethanol andtoluene vapors on the S parameters of a passive resonator over a largefrequency range. It is equal to -1.59 kHz/ppm and -1.45 kHz/ppm for ethanol andtoluene vapors respectively. This kind of sensor can be integrated intoreal-time multi-sensing platform adaptable for the Internet of Things (IoT).
SH-SAW VOCs sensor based on ink-jet printed MWNTs / polymer  nanocomposite films	2018	This study presents Shear Horizontal Surface Acoustic Wave (SH-SAW) sensorbased on ink-jet printed poly (3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene) polystyrenesulfonate -- multi wall carbon nanotubes (PEDOT:PSS-MWCNTs) and MWNTs-basedinks as sensitive gas material. Experiments show the validation of fabricationprocess of acoustic platform and ink-jet printed sensitive layers. Thecharacterization of two devices under different concentrations of ethanol vaporshows promising results in terms of reproducibility of the measurements. Asensitivity of 12Hz/ppm was recorded with the sensor based on ink-jet printed600nm thickness sensitive layer.
Cation Discrimination in Organic Electrochemical Transistors by Dual  Frequency Sensing	2018	In this work, we propose a strategy to sense quantitatively and specificallycations, out of a single organic electrochemical transistor (OECT) deviceexposed to an electrolyte. From the systematic study of six different chloridesalts over 12 different concentrations, we demonstrate that the impedance ofthe OECT device is governed by either the channel dedoping at low frequency andthe electrolyte gate capacitive coupling at high frequency. Specific cationicsignatures, which originates from the different impact of the cations behavioron the poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS)polymer and their conductivity in water, allow their discrimination at the samemolar concentrations. Dynamic analysis of the device impedance at differentfrequencies could allow the identification of specific ionic flows which couldbe of a great use in bioelectronics to further interpret complex mechanisms inbiological media such as in the brain.
High-Field Magnetoresistance of Organic Semiconductors	2018	The magneto-electronic field effects in organic semiconductors at highmagnetic fields are described by field-dependent mixing between singlet andtriplet states of weakly bound charge carrier pairs due to small differences intheir Land\'e g-factors that arise from the weak spin-orbit coupling in thematerial. In this work, we corroborate theoretical models for the high-fieldmagnetoresistance of organic semiconductors, in particular of diodes made ofthe conducting polymer poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrene-sulfonate)(PEDOT:PSS) at low temperatures, by conducting magnetoresistance measurementsalong with multi-frequency continuous-wave electrically detected magneticresonance experiments. The measurements were performed on identical devicesunder similar conditions in order to independently assess the magneticfield-dependent spin-mixing mechanism, the so-called {\Delta}g mechanism, whichoriginates from differences in the charge-carrier g-factors induced byspin-orbit coupling.
Employing surfactant-assisted hydrothermal synthesis to control CuGaO2  nanoparticle formation and improved carrier selectivity of perovskite solar  cells	2018	Delafossites like CuGaO2 have appeared as promising p-type semiconductormaterials for opto-electronic applications mainly due to their high opticaltransparency and electrical conductivity. However, existing synthetic effortsusually result in particles with large diameter limiting their performancerelevant to functional electronic applications. In this article, we report anovel surfactant-assisted hydrothermal synthesis method, which allows thedevelopment of ultrafine (~5 nm) monodispersed p-type CuGaO2 nanoparticles(NPs). We show that DMSO can be used as a ligand and dispersing solvent forstabilizing the CuGaO2 NPs. The resulting dispersion is used for thefabrication of dense, compact functional CuGaO2 electronic layer withproperties relevant to advanced optoelectronic applications. As a proof ofconcept, the surfactant-assisted hydrothermal synthesized CuGaO2 isincorporated as a hole transporting layer (HTL) in the inverted p-i-nperovskite solar cell device architecture providing improved hole carrierselectivity and power conversion efficiency compared to conventional PEDOT:PSSHTL based perovskite solar cells.
Room Temperature Nanoparticulate Interfacial Layers for Perovskite Solar  Cells via solvothermal synthesis	2018	We present a solvothermal synthetic route to produce monodispersed CuOnanoparticles (NPs) in the range of 5-10 nm that can be used as hole selectiveinterfacial layer between indium tin oxide (ITO) and perovskite active layerfor p-i-n perovskite solar cells by a spin casting the dispersions at roomtemperature. The bottom electrode interface modification provided by sphericalCuO-NPs at room temperature promotes the formation of high quality perovskitephotoactive layers with large crystal size and strong optical absorption.Furthermore, it is shown that the nanoparticulate nature of the CuO holetransporting interfacial layer can be used to improve light manipulation withinperovskite solar cell device structure. The corresponding p-i-nCH3NH3PbI3-based solar cells show high Voc values of 1.09 V, which issignificantly higher compared to the Voc values obtained with conventionalPEDOT:PSS hole selective contact based perovskite solar cells.
Enhancing the Open-Circuit Voltage of Perovskite Solar Cells by up to  120 mV using π-Extended Phosphoniumfluorene Electrolytes as Hole Blocking  Layers	2019	Four {\pi}-extended phosphoniumfluorene electrolytes ({\pi}-PFEs) areintroduced as hole-blocking layers (HBL) in inverted architecture planarperovskite solar cells (PVSCs) with the structure ofITO/PEDOT:PSS/MAPbI3/PCBM/HBL/Ag. The deep-lying highest occupied molecularorbital (HOMO) energy level of the {\pi}-PFEs effectively blocks holes,decreasing contact recombination. We demonstrate that the incorporation of{\pi}-PFEs introduces a dipole moment at the PCBM/Ag interface, resulting in asignificant enhancement of the built-in potential of the device. Thisenhancement results in an increase in the open-circuit voltage of the device byup to 120 mV, when compared to the commonly used bathocuproine HBL. The resultsare confirmed both experimentally and by numerical simulation. Our workdemonstrates that interfacial engineering of the transport layer/contactinterface by small molecule electrolytes is a promising route to suppressnon-radiative recombination in perovskite devices and compensate for anon-ideal energetic alignment at the hole-transport layer/perovskite interface.
Evidence of environmental strains on charge injection in silole based  organic light emitting diodes	2007	Using d. functional theory (DFT) computations, the authors demonstrated asubstantial skeletal relaxation when the structure of2,5-bis-[4-anthracene-9-yl-phenyl]-1,1-dimethyl-3,4-diphenyl-silole (BAS) isoptimized in the gas-phase comparing with the mol. structure detd. frommonocrystal x-ray diffraction. The origin of such a relaxation is explained bya strong environmental strains induced by the presence of anthracene entities.Also, the estn. of the frontier orbital levels showed that this structuralrelaxation affects mainly the LUMO that is lowered of 190 meV in the gas phase.To check if these theor. findings would be confirmed for thin films of BAS, theauthors turned to UV photoemission spectroscopy and/or inverse photoemissionspectroscopy and electrooptical measurements. The study of the c.d. or voltageand luminance or voltage characteristics of an ITO/PEDOT/BAS/Au device clearlydemonstrated a very unusual temp.-dependent behavior. Using a thermallyassisted tunnel transfer model, this behavior likely originated from thevariation of the electronic affinity of the silole deriv. with the temp. Thethermal agitation relaxes the mol. strains in thin films as it is shown whenpassing from the cryst. to the gas phase. The relaxation of the intramol. thusinduces an increase of the electronic affinity and, as a consequence, the moreefficient electron injection in org. light-emitting diodes.
Nonlinearity exponents in lightly doped Conducting Polymers	2011	The \textit{I-V} characteristics of four conducting polymer systems likedoped polypyrrole (PPy), poly 3,4 ethylene dioxythiophene (PEDOT),polydiacetylene (PDA) and polyaniline (PA) in as many physical forms have beeninvestigated at different temperatures, quenched disorder and magnetic fields.Transport data clearly confirm the existence of a \textit{single} electricfield scale in any system. Based upon this observation, a phenomenologicalscaling analysis is applied, leading to extraction of a concrete number $x_M$,called nonlinearity exponent. The latter serves to characterize a set of\textit{I-V} curves. The onset field $F_o$ at which conductivity startsdeviating from its Ohmic value $\sigma_0$ scales as $F_o \sim \sigma_0^{x_M}$.Field-dependent data are shown to be described by Glatzman-Matveev multi-steptunneling model [JETP 67, 1276 (1988)] in a near-perfect manner over nineorders of magnitude in conductivity and five order of magnitudes in electricfield. $x_M$ is found to possess both positive and negative values lyingbetween -1/2 and 3/4. There is no theory at present for the exponent. Someissues concerning applicability of the Glatzman-Matveev model are discussed.
In-situ measurements of the optical absorption of dioxythiophene-based  conjugated polymers	2011	Conjugated polymers can be reversibly doped by electrochemical means. Thisdoping introduces new sub-bandgap optical absorption bands in the polymer whiledecreasing the bandgap absorption. To study this behavior, we have prepared anelectrochemical cell allowing measurements of the optical properties of thepolymer. The cell consists of a thin polymer film deposited on gold-coatedMylar behind which is another polymer that serves as a counterelectrode. Aninfrared transparent window protects the upper polymer from ambient air. Byadding a gel electrolyte and making electrical connections to thepolymer-on-gold films, one may study electrochromism in a wide spectral range.As the cell voltage (the potential difference between the two electrodes)changes, the doping level of the conjugated polymer films is changedreversibly. Our experiments address electrochromism inpoly(3,4-ethylene-dioxy-thiophene) (PEDOT) andpoly(3,4-dimethyl-propylene-dioxy-thiophene) (PProDOT-Me$_2$). This closedelectrochemical cell allows the study of the doping induced sub-bandgapfeatures (polaronic and bipolaronic modes) in these easily oxidized and highlyredox switchable polymers. We also study the changes in cell spectra as afunction of polymer thickness and investigate strategies to obtain cleanerspectra, minimizing the contributions of water and gel electrolyte features.
Electroluminescence and photoluminescence of conjugated polymer films  prepared by plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition of naphthalene	2012	Polymer light-emitting devices were fabricated utilizing plasma polymerizedthin films as emissive layers. These conjugated polymer films were prepared byRF Plasma Enhanced Chemical Vapor Deposition (PECVD) using naphthalene asmonomer. The effect of different applied powers on the chemical structure andoptical properties of the conjugated polymers was investigated. The fabricateddevices with structure of ITO/PEDOT:PSS/ plasma polymerized Naphthalene/Alq3/Alshowed broadband Electroluminescence (EL) emission peaks with center at 535-550nm. Using different structural and optical tests, connection between polymerschemical structure and optical properties under different plasma powers hasbeen studied. Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) and Raman spectroscopiesconfirmed that a conjugated polymer film with a 3-D cross-linked network wasdeveloped. By increasing the power, products tended to form as highlycross-linked polymer films. Photoluminescence (PL) spectra of plasma polymersshowed different excimerc emissions, resulted from crosslinked architecture.Further analysis showed an interesting change in dominance of excimericemissions by increasing the power. In fact, as the plasma power increased, theoptical properties showed two different domains; up to 200 w, EL, PL and UV-Visspectra red-shifted and broadened significantly. At higher powers, a reversebehavior was observed. Also, the relation between the film structure and plasmaspecies was investigated using Optical Emission Spectroscopy (OES).
Influence of the Hole Transporting Layer on the Thermal Stability of  Inverted Organic Photovoltaics Using Accelerated Heat Lifetime Protocols	2018	High power conversion efficiency (PCE) inverted organic photovoltaics (OPVs)usually use thermally evaporated MoO3 as a hole transporting layer (HTL).Despite the high PCE values reported, stability investigations are stilllimited and the exact degradation mechanisms of inverted OPVs using thermallyevaporated MoO3 HTL remain unclear under different environmental stressfactors. In this study, we monitor the accelerated lifetime performance ofnon-encapsulated inverted OPVs using thiophene-based active layer materials andevaporated MoO3 under the ISOS D-2 protocol (heat conditions 65 {\deg}C). Theinvestigation of degradation mechanisms presented focus on optimizedP3HT:PC[70]BM-based inverted OPVs. Specifically, we present a systematic studyon the thermal stability of inverted P3HT:PC[70]BM OPVs using solutionprocessed PEDOT:PSS and evaporated MoO3 HTL. Using a series of measurements andreverse engineering methods we report that the P3HT:PC[70]BM/MoO3 interface isthe main origin of failure of P3HT:PC[70]BM-based inverted OPVs under intenseheat conditions.
Efficient and environmental-friendly perovskite solar cells via  embedding plasmonic nanoparticles: an optical simulation study on realistic  device architecture	2019	Solution-processed, lead halide-based perovskite solar cells have overcomeimportant challenges over the recent years, offering low-cost and high solarpower conversion efficiencies. However, they still undergo unoptimized lightcollection due mainly to the thin (~350 nm) polycrystalline absorber layers.Moreover, their high toxicity (due to the presence of lead in the perovskitecrystalline structure) makes it necessary that the thickness of the absorberlayers to be further reduced, for their future commercialization, withoutreducing the device performance. Here we aim to address these issues viaembedding spherical plasmonic nanoparticles of various sizes, composition,concentrations, and vertical positions, for the first time in realistichalide-based perovskite solar cells architecture, and to clarify their effecton the absorption properties and enhancement. We theoretically show thatplasmon-enhanced near-field effects and scattering leads to a devicephotocurrent enhancement of up to ~7.3% when silver spheres are embedded insidethe perovskite layer. Interestingly, the combination of silver spheres inperovskite and aluminum spheres inside the hole transporting layer (PEDOT:PSS)of the solar cell leads to an even further enhancement, of up to ~12%. Thisapproach allows the employment of much thinner perovskite layers in PSCs (up to150 nm) to reach the same photocurrent as the nanoparticles-free device andreducing thus significantly the toxicity of the device. Providing therequirements related to the size, shape, position, composition, andconcentration of nanoparticles for the PSCs photocurrent enhancement, our studyestablishes guidelines for a future development of highly-efficient,environmentally friendly and low-cost plasmonic perovskite solar cells.
Dipolar cation accumulation at interfaces of perovskite light emitting  solar cells	2019	Ionic migration in organo-halide perovskites plays an important role inoperation of perovskite based solar cells and light emitting diodes. Despitethe ionic migration being a reversible process, it often leads to worsening ofperovskite based device performance, hysteresis in current-voltagecharacteristics, and phase segregation in mixed halide perovskites being as themost harmful effect. The reason is in dynamical band structure changes, whichcontrollable engineering would solve one of the biggest challenges fordevelopment of light-emitting solar cells. Here we demonstrate controllableband bending due to migration of both cation and anion ions in mixed halideperovskite devices. The band structure rearrangement is demonstrated in lightemitting solar cells based on the perovskite with organic cationsmethylammonium (MA+) and formamidinium (FA+), possessing non-zero dipolemomentum of 2.29 and 0.21 Debye, respectively, and with PEDOT:PSS and C60transport layers having a high barrier of 0.8 eV for charge injection. Underapplied external voltage MA+ and FA+ cations move towards the electrontransport layer and form a dipole layer at the perovskite/electron transportinterface, which lowers threshold voltage for electroluminescence down to 1.7 Vfor MAPbBr2I and 2.6 V for FAPbBr2I, whereas monohalide perovskite MAPbBr3 doesnot demonstrate such behavior. This ability to in-situ change the device bandstructure paves the way developing of dual-functional devices based on simpledesign. It also makes mixed halide perovskites more flexible than mono halidesones for developing different optoelectronic devices without the use of specialtypes of work function modifying transport materials.
Two-Dimensional Transition Metal Dichalcogenides-Based Counter  Electrodes for Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells	2017	Dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs) are gaining considerable interest asalternatives to the semiconductor-based thin film solar cells. The noble metalplatinum (Pt) is conventionally used as counter electrode (CE) material forfabricating DSSCs. Since Pt is expensive and scarce, new materials have beenexplored to develop cost-effective Pt-free counter electrodes for DSSCs.Two-dimensional (2D) graphene-based counter electrodes have achieved thehighest known power conversion efficiency ({\eta}) of 13%, which has stimulatedresearch activities in 2D layered transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs) fordeveloping Pt-free DSSCs. In this review, progress made on alternative counterelectrodes for fabricating low-cost Pt-free DSSCs, based on earth-abundant 2DTMDs including MoS2, WS2, TiS2, FeS2, CoS2, NiS2, SnS2, MoSe2, NbSe2, TaSe2,NiSe2, FeSe2, CoSe2, Bi2Se3 and their based composites, are discussed andsummarized. Also, the considerable progress made on thin films of MoS2 and MoS2based carbon, graphene, carbon nanotubes (CNTs), carbon nanofibers (CNFs), andpoly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene):poly(styrenesulfonate) (PEDOT:PSS) compositesas efficient counter electrodes (CEs) for DSSCs are discussed, in terms oftheir electrochemical and photovoltaic properties. At present, PCE valueshigher than that of standard Pt CE have been recorded for a number of TMD-basedCEs, which include MoS2 and MoSe2/thin films deposited on Mo foil, MoS2/CNTs,MoS2/graphene, MoS2/carbon, MoSe2/PEDOT:PSS, NbSe2, FeS2, FeSe2 nanosheets,TiS2/graphene, and NiS2/graphene hybrid systems in DSSCs, for the reduction oftriiodide (I3-) to iodide (I-). The highest PCE ({\eta}=10.46%) versus Pt CE({\eta}=8.25%) at 1 Sun (100 mW/cm2, AM 1.5G) was measured for DSSCs having alow cost and flexible CoSe2/carbon-nanoclimbing wall counter electrodedeposited on a nickel foam.
Short-Term Environmental Effects and Their Influence on Spatial  Homogeneity of Organic Solar Cell Functionality	2018	Here, we focus on induced degradation and spatial inhomogeneity of organicphotovoltaic devices under different environmental conditions, uncoupled fromthe influence of a hole-transport (HT) layer. During testing of devicescomprising the standard photoactive layer of P3HT as donor, blended with PCBMas acceptor, a comparison was made between the nonencapsulated devices uponexposure to dry air, dry air with illumination and humid air. The impact on theactive layer's photophysics is discussed, along with the device physics interms of integral solar cell performance and spatially resolved photocurrentdistribution with point-to-point analysis of the diode characteristics todetermine the origin of the observed behavior. The results show that evenwithout the widely used hygroscopic HT layer, PEDOT:PSS, humidity is still amajor factor in the short-term environmental degradation of organic solar cellswith this architecture, and not only oxygen or light, as is often reported.Different from previous reports where water-induced device degradation wasspatially homogeneous and formation of Al2O3 islands was only seen for oxygenpermeation through pinholes in aluminum, we observed insulating islands merelyafter humidity exposure in the present study. Further, we demonstrated withlaser beam induced current mapping and point-to-point diode analysis that thewater-induced performance losses are a result of the exposed device areacomprising regions with entirely unaltered high output and intact diodebehavior and those with severe degradation showing detrimentally lowered outputand voltage-independent charge blocking, which is essentially insulatingbehavior. It is suggested that this is caused by transport of water throughpinholes to the organic/metal interface, where they form insulating oxide orhydroxide islands, while the organic active layer stays unharmed.
Model-based geometrical optimisation and in vivo validation of a  spatially selective multielectrode cuff array for vagus nerve neuromodulation	2019	Neuromodulation by electrical stimulation of the human cervical vagus nervemay be limited by adverse side effects due to stimulation of off-target organs.It may be possible to overcome this by spatially selective stimulation ofperipheral nerves. Preliminary studies have shown this is possible using acylindrical multielectrode nerve cuff optimised for human vagus nerve selectiveneuromodulation. The design was optimised initially by computer modelling. Thissuggested two rings of 14 electrodes, 3 mm apart, with 0.4 mm electrode widthand separation and length 0.5-3 mm, with stimulation through a pair in the sameradial position on the two rings. The electrodes were fabricated usingPDMS-embedded stainless steel foil and PEDOT: pTS coating. In the cervicalvagus nerve in anaesthetised sheep, it was possible to selectively reduce therespiratory rate (RR) by 85 +/- 5% without affecting heart rate, or selectivelyreduce heart rate (HR) by 20 +/- 7% without affecting respiratory rate. Thecardiac- and pulmonary-specific sites on the nerve cross-sectional perimeterwere localised with a radial separation of 105 +/- 5 degrees (P < 0.01, N = 24in 12 sheep). This suggests there is organotopic organisation of neural fibresin the cervical vagus nerve. It demonstrates, for the first time, selectiveelectrical neuromodulation without adverse side effects. It may be possible totranslate this to improved treatment by electrical autonomic neuromodulationfor currently intractable conditions.
